https://triscofoods.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Trisco Foods Pty Ltd is firmly committed to privacy in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Australian Privacy Commissioner. This statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this site.
If you are submitting personal information over the internet which you wish to remain private, please note that, while all attempts are made to secure information transmitted to this site, there is a possibility that information you submit could be observed by a third party while in transit.
Information logged
When you visit this site, our server logs information that is provided by your browser. This information is used to create summary statistics which allow us to assess the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, discover what information is most and least used, determine technical design specifications, and help us make our site more useful to visitors. The information logged is as follows:
the type of browser you are using;
the date and time of your visit;
your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc);
the address of the referring site;
your server’s IP address (a number which is unique to the machine through which you are connected to the Internet: usually one of your service provider’s machines).
the address of the pages accessed and any documents downloaded.
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities, unless disclosure is required by law or due to a mandatory requirement of a Court, Governmental Agency or Regulatory Authority. We use the information only for statistical analysis or systems administration purposes.
Electronic mail addresses (Email)
Should you register with this website, we will record your e-mail address as it is necessary for completing the Precise Online Training. It will be used for the purpose of contacting you in regards to training, and will not be added to a mailing list unless you request that this be done. We will not disclose it without your consent.
Subscription and Feedback Forms
Some pages of this web site provide the facility for users to fill out an online form for the purpose of subscribing to a special service or to provide us with feedback about our website. We will ask you to provide only enough personal information to fulfil that purpose. We will record it to facilitate follow up and for statistical analysis. Only authorised Trisco Foods staff will have access to this information.
Cookies
A cookie is an electronic token that is passed to your browser and your browser passes it back to the server whenever a page is sent to you. Cookies are used on our site.
A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
Two types of cookies are used on this website:
Session Cookies: which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site. Session Cookies are used as follows:
To allow you to carry information across pages of our site and avoid having to re-enter information.
To allow you to maintain a shopping basket
Within registration to allow you to access stored information
Persistent cookies: which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). Persistent Cookies are used as follows:
To help us recognise you as a unique visitor (just a number) when you return to our website and to allow us to tailor content or advertisements to match your preferred interests or to avoid showing you the same adverts repeatedly.
To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our site and to help us improve the structure of our website. We cannot identify you personally in this way.
Cookies can help a website to arrange content to match your preferred interests more quickly. Most major websites use cookies. Cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you.
How we use Cookies on our Site and what Information we collect
We do use cookies on our site as we utilise real-time web tracking to collect and analyze traffic on our site. This information helps us understand customer interests and helps us improve our website. A cookie is used to store small amounts of information. This information is collected for traffic analysis only. The cookie does not contain personal details. We do not sell, give, or trade the statistics they store to any 3rd parties for data-mining or marketing purposes.
Disabling/Enabling Cookies
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled.
If you do experience any problems on our site please contact us.
Links to External / Third Party Sites
This site contains links to external/third party websites for the convenience of our visitors. However, Trisco Foods Pty Ltd, independently nor jointly have any knowledge of, nor control over, the privacy practices of these web sites and has no knowledge of whether cookies or other tracking devices are used on linked sites. You visit these websites at your own discretion.
Pricing
All pricing is subject to change. For all prices, products and offers, Trisco Foods Pty Ltd reserve the right to make adjustments due to changing market conditions, product discontinuation, manufacturer price changes, errors in advertisements and other extenuating circumstances.
54 Ron Boyle Crescent, Carole Park, QLD, 4300 Australia | +61 7 3718 5800 | triscofoods.com.au
54 Ron Boyle Crescent, Carole Park, QLD, 4300 Australia
+61 7 3718 5800
1300 844 256
8:30am to 4:30pm, Brisbane time
Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
© 2020 Trisco Foods.
Home
About us
Contract Manufacturing
R&D
Products
Where to Buy
News & Events
Contact us
We use cookies to make interactions with our websites and services easy and meaningful. By continuing to visit this site you agree to our use of cookies. GOT ITPRIVACY POLICY