https://trustonefinancial.org/onlineprivacypolicy/
X
Attention:
We have detected that your browser may be out of date. Updating your browser is essential for security and usability of our services.
This link leaves the TruStone Financial website. We encourage you to view the privacy and security disclosures of all websites you visit. TruStone Financial is not responsible for the accuracy, security, or content of other websites.
Personal
Savings
Savings Accounts & Certificates
Health Savings Accounts
Youth Savings Accounts
Checking
Checking Accounts
Overdraft Protection
Consumer Loans
Apply for a Loan
Today’s Rates
Auto & Recreational Loans
Personal Loans
Home Loans
Aircraft Loans
Visa Cards
Visa Credit Cards
Visa Gift Cards
Investments
TruStone Financial Investment Services
Business
Savings
Business Savings Accounts & Certificates
Checking
Business Checking Accounts
Loans
Business & Commercial Loans
Aircraft Loans
Business Visa Credit Card
Membership
Become a Member
Membership Eligibility
Join Today
Applications
Convenience
Bill Pay
eStatements
Loan Payments
Mobile Banking
Mobile Deposit
MobilePAY
Online Banking
Phone Banking
TruStone Financial Tracker
Member Services
TruStone Financial Investment Services
Member Benefits
Deposit Insurance
Reviewing Your Credit Report
Insurance Products
Member Discount Programs
GAP and MRC Protection
News & Resources
Financial Education Center
Frequently Asked Questions
Member Security Tips
News
Press Releases
Annual Reports
Tax Information
Get a Free Financial Check-Up
About
Careers
History & Mission
Leadership
Locations
TruStone Financial Foundation
Volunteer Opportunities
ATM / Branch Finder
Contact Us
Search
Close Menu
Online Privacy Policy
TruStone Financial Online Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 08/30/2019
Introduction and Scope
TruStone Financial Federal Credit Union strives to serve your needs and to protect your identity and any information we collect about you.
Our Online Privacy Policy:
covers your interaction with TruStone Financial Federal Credit Union to render online services when you visit any mobile or online site or application that we own, including, but not limited to, our website, org, and our mobile apps (“Sites”);
describes the categories of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we may collect about you when you visit our Sites;
describes the categories of other persons or entities with whom we may share your Personal Information;
discloses whether other parties may collect Personal Information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Sites;
describes the way you can review and request changes to any of your Personal Information that we collect;
describes how we will inform you of important changes to our Privacy Policy;
discloses how we respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other opt-out mechanisms;
discloses if we engage in the collection of your Personal Information about your online activities over time and across different websites;
describes how we safeguard children’s privacy; and
makes clear that no action on your part is needed.
Agreement to Policy
By using a Site or interacting with a TruStone Financial advertisement or page or account on a third party site, you consent to this Policy, including your consent to our use and disclosure of information about you in the manner described in this Policy.
What Information Do We Collect?
We may collect Personal Information when you enter data into an application for new products or services or when you use our products and services. Personal Information may include your name, Access Number, home or other physical address, Social Security Number, telephone number, and email address. We do not collect Personal Information from you when you simply browse our Sites. However, our Sites may collect non-Personal Information such as your IP address and device identifier.
We take your online privacy seriously and make the safeguarding of your Personal Information a priority. We collect Personal Information only as allowed by law. Use of the internet makes it possible for other parties to collect data about your online activities over time and across different websites, including when you use our Sites.
With Whom Do We Share the Information We Collect?
We may share your Personal Information in accordance with the practices set forth in our consumer Privacy Notice. We do not sell your Personal Information. We may use or share your non-Personal Information to enhance your experience on our Sites, to help deliver our ads on your web browser, and to measure advertising campaign effectiveness.
Keeping Your Information Accurate
It is important that we have accurate and up-to-date information about you. If you notice that your information is incomplete, inaccurate, or out of date, please contact us at 800.862.1998 or visit a branch. You can also review and request changes to certain Personal Information such as your email address, mailing address, and telephone number on our Sites.
Policy Updates
We may change our policy from time to time. When we do, we will let you know by appropriate means such as by posting the revised policy on this page with a new “Last Updated” date. Any changes to our policy will become effective when posted unless indicated otherwise.
How You Can Control Your Information
Our Sites are designed for optimal viewing with cookies enabled (cookies are small text files that collect internet traffic data). For example, cookies store your preferences for when you visit our Sites. If your web browser settings allow cookies, our Sites will utilize them. You may disable or remove cookies by accessing your web browser settings. Our Sites will still function without cookies, but some features may not work properly. Please note that due to a lack of consistent standards across browsers, our Sites may not respond to “do not track” browser settings. We do not monitor your online activities after you leave our Sites.
We only use your Personal Information for certain purposes allowed by law. Additionally, you cannot opt out of our sharing non-Personal Information such as your IP address and device identifier.
Some of our Sites engage in online interest-based advertising to enhance your experience and show you advertisements that might interest you. Like many organizations, we and our advertising partners display tailored interest-based advertising using information you make available to us when you interact with our Sites.  Interest-based ads, also sometimes referred to as personalized or targeted ads, are displayed to you based on information from activities such as searching on our Sites or visiting websites that contain our content or ads. We do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges, and we use a range of advertising technologies like web beacons, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and mobile identifiers.
To learn more about interest-based ads or to opt-out of receiving third-party interest based ads, please visit sites such as: Google’s Ads Settings, DoubleClick opt-out page, Facebook’s Ads Settings or the Network Initiative opt-out page. Please note that if you opt out of interest-based advertising, you may still see advertisements – they will just not be tailored to your interests.  Also note that deleting browser cookies can remove the cookie preferences you have made, so you may need to opt-out again in the future.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under the age of 13 who use our Sites without obtaining consent from a parent or legal guardian.
To learn more about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), please visit the National Credit Union Administration Regulatory Alert by clicking here or the Federal Trade Commission’s website by clicking here.
Do You Need to Take Any Action at This Time?
No, you do not need to take any action regarding any of the above.
Apply Today
Find an ATM / Branch
Online Services