https://trustram.com/privacy-policy/
Request A QuotePrivacy PolicyRAM knows that your privacy is important to you and takes user privacy very seriously. We are committed to protecting your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.This Privacy Policy applies to the website(s) and mobile applications (together, the "Sites") provided by RAM Elevators + Lifts Inc., a company headquartered in Edmonton , AB , Canada. We have established this privacy policy to let you know how your personal information is processed and used. The following discloses the privacy policy of RAM Elevators + Lifts Inc. for our website at trustram.com.Information we collect and how we use itRAM might collect personal data from you such as your name, contact details, region/country, relationship to RAM, reason for contacting RAM, topics you are interested in and any other information you choose to share. By browsing our Sites or sending us information, you explicitly consent to RAM processing your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. RAM might use your personal data to fulfil your request or send you marketing communications.RAM collects personal data from you when you request information from RAM and/or supply, information through the Sites, such as when you fill out a request for information form or, opt in to receive emails from RAM, agree to participate in surveys.Personal data we collect might include your name, e-mail address, title, company, region/country, relationship to RAM, reason for contacting RAM, topics you are interested in, any other background information provided with an application and any other information contained in messages you send us.By browsing our Sites and submitting this information to us, you explicitly agree to RAM using your personal data for the purposes and in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. Please do not send us any information you do not wish RAM to use.RAM will use your personal data to fulfil your request, provide you with the information you requested and/or send you marketing communications. If you have applied for becoming a dealer of RAM, your data will be processed for the purposes of evaluating and processing your application and fit for being a RAM dealer to which you have applied. We may also use your information to analyze and improve our processes as well as to communicate with you about RAM events and to send you publications that we think may be of interest to you.RAM may collect personal data and may disclose such information to third party service providers in aggregate for marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you.You do not have to provide us with any personal data. However, if you do not, we may be unable to handle your request or to provide you with the services you are requesting.RAM will keep your personal data for as long as needed to handle your request or for as long as we have a relationship with you. If you have applied for a role with RAM, RAM will keep your personal data associated with your application for a period of up to five years.Please note that RAM is not responsible for any information you may disclose publicly in any chat rooms, message boards, or similar web pages, including those hosted on or linked to our Sites. You should keep in mind that, whenever you publicly disclose information about yourself online (for example, via message boards or chat rooms), such information could be collected and used by people whom you do not know. In addition, certain message boards and similar user forums may display IP addresses along with the message poster's name and message. RAM bears no responsibility for any action or policies of any third parties who collect any information users may disclose on the message boards, chat areas or other user forums, if any, on the SitesWhat information are we collecting and how are we collecting it?Every device connected to the Internet is given a set of numbers that serve as that device’s “Internet Protocol” address also known as its IP address. In cases where visitors access the Internet behind a router performing network address translation (NAT), the IP address is given to the router and not to the computer. When a visitor requests a page from within our site, our web servers automatically recognize that visitor’s IP address. The IP address reveals nothing personal about you other than the IP address from where you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate and to investigate misuse of our site, its users, or to co-operate with law enforcement. We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals.What are cookies?From time to time, our site may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other websites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of our site you have visited or customized so the next time you visit; those pages may be readily accessible. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.How do we use single-pixel gifs?We may use single-pixel gif images, sometimes referred to as web bugs or web beacons, to count web page accesses and gather some general statistical information. We do not gather personal information through the use of these images.What information do we collect when you register for something?Our site offers access to some services that are free but that require registration, such as a request for more information. We may use your registration and contact information to send notification of our products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail. We also may share that information with our dealers, affiliates, and partners during the normal course of business to support your requests and to enable prompt replies to yoru inquiries from this web page. We may also use your IP address internally for the sole purpose of sending you information about our services.What other information do we request and do we collect?We may also request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a survey or to provide additional services such as: subscriptions to e-mail newsletters, announcement lists, information about new products and services. We may collect any information that you have entered.We may, from time to time, send e-mail announcing new services or events. If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form, you may receive mailings. Should you wish to not continue to receive any mailings you may opt-out in writing to sales@trustram.com.We maintain a strict “No-Spam” policy that means that we will not sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party without your consent. Exceptions include release of information that is required by law (outlined below), which is pertinent to legal investigations or proceedings, which we believe is relevant to illegal activities, fraud, or threats, and which may be relevant if we are acquired by or merged with another company.Will we disclose the information we collect to outside third parties?We will disclose personal information and/or an IP address when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:1) Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our site,2) Protect and defend the rights or property of our site or visitors to our site,3) Identify persons who may be violating the law, legal notice and website User Agreement, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing our site.4) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities.We use reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information. We are not responsible for such third party privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.What should you know about changes and links?RAM Elevators + Lifts Inc. may update or change this privacy policy at any time and such changes will become effective immediately unless otherwise stated. Our website will state the date of the most recent update.Please note that this site may contain links to other sites and that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites.GROUNDED SIMPLICITY,ELEVATED DESIGNGet started with RAM today.Get in TouchHomeProductsFill 6 Copy 2ResidentialResidential Trus-T-LiftResidential StratusResidential CrystalCommercialCommercial Trus-T-LiftCommercial StratusCommercial CrystalTraction LULA ElevatorAbout RAMFill 6 Copy 2About RAMPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsDealersFill 6 Copy 2Dealers LoginBecome A DealerContactFill 6 Copy 2Request A QuoteContact UsRAM ELEVATORS + LIFTS INC10203 - 184St. Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T5S 2J4Toll-Free: 1-800-563-4382