https://tscmamerica.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
TSCM America is one of the most respected and trusted technical counter surveillance companies in the United States.  Providing services to corporations, government agencies, and select private clients
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
TSCM America is a division of LP Dynamics Inc.  TSCM America is a United States based corporation who are experts and specialize in counterespionage or otherwise known as counter surveillance, bug sweeps, bug sweeping, technical surveillance countermeasures, TSCM and eavesdropping detection. This Site is intended for use in the United States.  The current version of these Terms includes revisions made through November 14, 2020.  This version replaces and supersedes any prior terms of use applicable to this Site.
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully so that you understand the conditions for accessing and using the Site and any associated services.  We may make changes to these Terms from time to time as our Site develops, so check back frequently.  Your continued use of the Site and associated services following any posted changes to the Terms and Conditions constitutes your consent to them.  If you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions, please do not use our Site.
PRIVACY POLICY
By using this site, you consent to our collection and use of Personal Information as discussed in our Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated into these Terms and Conditions.  A copy of the Privacy Policy can be accessed here: Privacy Policy
PERMITTED USE
This Site is intended to provide information and services about our company.  We prohibit you to modify, reproduce, copy, or resell any of the content of the Site; to bypass any technical measures used to prevent or restrict access to any portion of the Site; to use any data mining, robots, or similar automated data gathering and extraction tools to access the Site; to violate or attempt to violate the security of the Site; or to interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site.
You agree to use this Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.  We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse service to anyone and to block or prevent your future access to and use of this site.
SUBMISSION OF CONTENT AND USER ACTIVITY
The Site may have features that allow users to upload materials and/or watch videos.  You understand that all information, communications, data, text, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials (“Content”) are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated.  This means that you are entirely responsible for any Content you upload, transmit, or otherwise make available through the Site.  Unless a document is available to download, you are restricted from uploading, coping any material from the website as all of the content is copyrighted and will be enforced.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control the rights to any Content that you provide through the Site; that use of the Content you provide does not violate the intellectual property rights or any other rights of any third parties, and that use of the Content you provide will not cause injury to any person or entity.  In line with, and without limiting, the foregoing, you specifically agree that you will not (a) provide any Content that is unlawful (according to local, state, federal or international law) or any Content that advocates illegal activity; (b) provide any Content that is defamatory, false or libelous, or that contains unlawful, harmful, threatening, harassing, discriminatory, abusive, profane, pornographic, or obscene material; (c) provide any Content that you do not have a right to provide under law or under a contractual or fiduciary relationship; (d) provide any Content that contains software viruses or other harmful devices; or (e) impersonate any other person or entity in order to disguise the origin of any Content you provide.
You hereby grant us a royalty-free, non-exclusive right and license, perpetual and irrevocable, to use, display, edit, or delete the Content to provide services on the Site and for all other lawful purposes.  Any communications you send to us via the Site are non-confidential.
TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS
The trademarks, trade dress, logos, and service marks displayed on this Site are owned and registered by LP Dynamics, Inc. TSCM America.  Nothing contained on this Site may be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any right or license to use any trademark.
All content on the Site, including without limitation text, photographs, graphics, layout, and design, is owned by Roto-Rooter, or we have been granted permission to use the content.  Nothing contained on this Site may be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any right or license to use any copyrighted material on the Site.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may download a single copy of the content on the Site for your personal, noncommercial use, provided all copyright and other proprietary notices are kept intact and provided that you do not modify the content in any manner.
LINKS
We may provide links to other internet sites or resources.  Because we have no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; INDEMNIFICATION
This Site, its content, and any associated services are provided by US on an “as is” or “as available” basis.  Our company makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this Site, to the information, content, materials, or products included on this Site, or to the functionality, of any services associated therewith.  To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, we disclaim all implied warranties, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
By accessing this Site, you acknowledge that your use of the site is at your own risk.  We will not be liable for damages of any kind arising from or otherwise related to your use of the site, including without limitation direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, even if we have been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such damages.
Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages.  If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitation may not apply to you, and you may have additional rights.
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless LP Dynamics, Inc., TSCM America, its parent, agents, distributors and affiliates, and their officers, directors, and employees, from and against any claims, demands, damages, costs, and expenses, including without limitation reasonable attorney’s fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site or your breach of any provision of these Terms or any warranty hereunder.
You agree that if you are dissatisfied with the Site, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site.
CONTACT US
If you have a question regarding Site policy, please contact us by mail at
LP Dynamics, Inc. / TSCM America
5900 S. Lake Forest Drive, Suite 300
McKinney, Texas 75070
866-448-3138
info@tscmamerica.com