https://ttx.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Statement
Privacy Notice
(Effective 1st May 2020)
Commitment to Protect Your Privacy
Transmission (TX) Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. You can visit most pages on our website without giving us any information about yourself. However, in order to function as a rental and services business, we need information to provide the information and services that you request. This document is designed to give a clear explanation of our data processing practices and describes how we collect, store and process your personal information.
If you have any questions or concerns relating to our site or would like to find out more about how we collect, store or use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Manager.
Our Data Protection Manager’s details are as follows:
Mr S. Lloyd
Transmission (TX) Ltd
Shepperton Studios, Studios Road,
Shepperton, Middlesex. TW17 0QD.
Tel: (0) 208 783 1972
e-mail data@ttx.co.uk
About Us
Transmission (TX) Ltd is a Company based in the United Kingdom providing a range of specialist camera, sound and lighting equipment on a hire or sale basis, or as a service with crew and transport. Services include the provision of multi-camera broadcast drama units, mini camera remote units and 360 recording units with crew. The Company also provides all-terrain specialist vehicles and multi-camera production units for live event broadcasting from any location. Find out more here: ttx.co.uk
The Information We Collect & the Primary Purpose for Collection
We receive information about you when you use our website, complete forms, send enquiries online, contact us by phone, place orders, start trading with us or otherwise provide personal information at trade shows, meetings and events. The personal information you provide is collected for legitimate business purposes only. These include, processing enquiries, rental orders, sales of products and services and keeping you informed about new events, products and special offers.  We use this information to provide the best possible service to you. Whenever we process data for these purposes we ensure that we always keep your Personal Data rights in high regard and take account of these rights. The provision of this information is voluntary. However, if you do not provide the information requested, we may be unable to process your order or enquiry. All information provided by you will be held in the strictest confidence. We will only collect the personal information necessary for the purposes mentioned above.
These may include the following, your:
Full Name & Job Title
Company Name & Address
Phone & Fax Number
Email Address
Interest Areas & Preferences
When opening a business account we will collect your:
Business and Payment Information
Credit Reference and Trading Record Information
When renting equipment we may also collect and securely retain, for the duration of the hire, copies of: Photo ID and Utility Bills.
Our Website: Use of Cookies & Log Files
When you visit our website, a cookie (a very small text file) may be placed on your device. You may refuse the cookie, if you wish. To do so, you will need to adjust your browser settings. We collect statistics using Google Analytics including general anonymous information about your device hardware and software, such as:
IP Address (Anonymised)
Browser Type
Operating System
Access Times
Referring Website Addresses
This information is used for the operation of our service, to maintain the quality of the service and to provide general statistics regarding the use of our website. If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies, you will be still able to view the majority of our site.
Information Sharing: Who We Intend to Share Information With and Why
We do not rent or sell our customer e-mail lists or data. However we may share some of your personal information with companies or individuals that you have provided as trade referees when applying for a credit account and with our Accountants (Richard Morgan and Co.) If you do not consent to sharing your personal information with third party organisations for these purposes please email data@ttx.co.uk
Links to Other Websites
Where Transmission (TX) Ltd provides links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to the information collected by Transmission (TX) Ltd.
Surveys & Promotions
From time to time we may run surveys and promotions and may request information from users as part of these Surveys & Promotions. Participation in either is entirely voluntary.
Security
Transmission (TX) Ltd takes precautions to protect your information. When users submit sensitive information (such as credit card details) over the internet, we (or our data processors) protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Access to all of our users’ information is restricted. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The cloud based servers that we use to store personally identifiable information, are run and maintained by various data processors who conform to strict security protocols. Certificates for Data Processing Addendum (DPA) have been obtained and can be presented upon request. The Data Processors we currently use include: Zoom, Google, Zoho, PayPal,  Microsoft, Current RMS, Barclays Bank, Richard Morgan & Co. (Accountants)
Correcting, Updating or Removing Your Personal Information
Transmission (TX) Ltd will make every attempt to keep your personal data accurate, complete and up to date. If your personal information is incorrect, requires changes or if you no longer wish to receive information from us, this can be done by e-mailing data@ttx.co.uk . We will endeavour to correct, update or remove your information as swiftly as possible, normally within two working days.
Cloud-based e-mail Marketing
To send the latest information about our rental equipment & services, events and special offers to those opting in to receive this information, we use an online service provided by Zoho (Campaigns). If you no longer wish to receive newsletters or promotional materials, you may opt-out of receiving these communications. You can do so by following the unsubscribe link placed in the footer of the promotional email or, if by post, by returning the letter to us with “unsubscribe” marked upon it. Or you can simply contact  data@ttx.co.uk and ask to be unsubscribed.
Data Storage and Retention
The personal data we hold is stored on cloud based servers via our Data Processors (as mentioned under ‘Security’ above). All our Data Processors are obliged to abide by European levels of data protection.  Our Company retains data for the duration of your business relationship with us and for Accounting and Legal reasons for five years after your last transaction with us. For more information on where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure, please contact the our Company’s data protection manager at data@ttx.co.uk
Anti-Spam Legislation
Transmission (TX) Ltd  has taken all reasonable steps to comply with Anti-Spam Legislation. We only email contacts with whom we have had a trading relationship within the last two years, individuals who may have enquired about an event or requested information within the last six months, or those who have opted in to receive our marketing communications on a continual basis. Should you receive an unsolicited email from our Company please email data@ttx.co.uk and we will swiftly remove your details, normally within two working days.
GDPR Compliance & Right to be forgotten
Transmission (TX) Ltd respects your right to privacy. We collect data on a lawful basis in three separate ways, with Consent, under Contract & to meet our Legal obligations, in each case following ICO guidance on GDPR compliance.  We ensure all data is managed lawfully, fairly and transparently. Where we use third parties to acquire or hold data, we hold those parties to the same high standard. You have a right to be forgotten and can email us at data@ttx.co.uk to request to see your personal data, have it removed or request any other information related to your privacy.
Other Data Provisions: Employee & Prospective Employee Data
Transmission (TX) Ltd collects and maintains personal information in respect of individuals who seek to be, are, or were employed by us, including information contained in:
CVs and job applications; References and interview notes;
Photographs and videos where provided by the individual;
Letters of offer and acceptance of employment;
Policy acknowledgements; Training and personal development records;
Payroll information including, Tax & NI and Bank details;
Workplace Pension information; Forms relating to employee health and welfare
Benefits including, disability benefits and medical care;
Beneficiary and emergency contact information.
In addition to the examples listed above, employee personal information also includes information such as name, home address, telephone, personal email address, date of birth, and any other information necessary to our business purposes, which is disclosed in the course of an employee’s application for and during employment with Transmission (TX) Ltd.
The employee personal information collected is used for our business purposes, including establishing, managing or terminating an employment with Transmission (TX) Ltd.
Such uses include:
Determining eligibility for employment, including the verification of
references and qualifications;
Administering pay and benefits;
Processing employee work-related claims (e.g. compensation & insurance claims.)
Establishing training and/or development requirements;
Conducting performance reviews and determining performance requirements;
Assessing qualifications for a particular job or task;
Gathering evidence for disciplinary action, or termination;
Establishing a contact point in the event of an emergency (e.g. Next of kin);
Complying with applicable labour or employment laws;
Transmission (TX) Ltd may share employee personal information with their Personnel Consultants and Accountants where they require such information to assist in establishing, managing or terminating employment and for payroll purposes. Employee personal information may also be disclosed as permitted or required by law or to meet regulatory requirements. In such a case, we will not disclose more personal information than is required under the circumstances.
Where an employee’s consent was required for our collection, use or disclosure of their personal information, an employee may, at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, withdraw their consent or request to see the information. These requests should be made in writing to the Managing Director.  Transmission (TX) Ltd retains employee information only for as long as it believes is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected.  Information provided during applications for work that have been unsuccessful, will be deleted or destroyed within six months of receipt.
CCTV Monitoring & Recorded Data
In the course of conducting our business, we may monitor & record client, employee and visitor activities on our business premises. CCTV cameras are there for the protection of employees and third parties, and to assist in detecting theft, vandalism and damage to property. Recorded images are routinely destroyed (Over-recorded) and not shared with third parties unless there is suspicion of a crime, in which case,copies may be provided to the police or other appropriate government agency or authority.
Notification of Changes
Transmission (TX) Ltd reserves the right to amend this privacy notice. In such case, the ‘Effective’ date will be amended accordingly and a statement prominently displayed on the Company website.
Transmission (TX) Ltd  will take all reasonable steps possible to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice, applicable laws and our general terms and conditions of trading.
If you do not consent to the storing or processing of your personal information as above, please advise us via an e-mail to data@ttx.co.uk  or in writing to the Data Protection Manager at the above address.
Want to Start a Project?
Whether you're ready to start or simply have a question, drop us a line and get in touch!
CONTACT US