https://tumlin.com/privacy-policy/
Our Commitment To Privacy
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on every page of this site.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Tumlin.com web site. On some pages, you can submit personal information. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Email Address
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself only to reply to your inquiry or to send requested newsletters. We do not share this information with outside parties except for our newsletter provider, MailChimp, whose privacy policy can be found here.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our web site, as collected by Google Analytics. For example, we are able to tell that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our web site, but we do not gather any information that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our web site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our web site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email via the contact page.