https://tumlin.com/terms-of-service/
The following rules govern the use by you of the Tumlin.com web site. The rules set forth herein apply to all
materials, online communications and other information that is or
becomes available on the Tumlin.com web site
(collectively, “Information”). By signing on and using the Tumlin.com web site, you specifically agree to abide by these rules
and any modifications therto.
1. Personal Uses Permitted In connection with the use of the Tumlin.com web site,
you shall abide by all applicable federal, state or local laws,
including those pertaining to such areas as libel, slander, defamation,
trade libel, product disparagement, harassment, invasion of privacy,
tort, obscenity, indecency, and copyright or trademark infringement
(“Applicable Law”). The Information available on the Tumlin.com web site may include intellectual property that is
protected under the copyright, trademark and other intellectual property
laws of the United States and/or other countries (“Intellectual
Property Laws”). Such Intellectual Property Laws generally prohibit the
unauthorized reproduction, distribution or exhibition of all text,
photographic and graphic (art and electronic) images, music, sound
samplings and other protected materials. The violation of applicable
Intellectual Property Laws may give rise to civil and/or criminal
penalties.
2. User’s Obligation to Abide By Applicable Law The Tumlin.com web site is an online information exchange
service for use by the general public. You shall not post, publish,
transmit, reproduce, distribute or in any way use or exploit any
Information for commercial purposes or otherwise use the Information in a
manner that is inconsistent with these rules and regulations.
3. Disclosure of Online Communications
You are cautioned that any online communications may not be fully
confidential. In addition, you should be aware that federal postal
regulations do not protect electronic mail. You should be aware that
some administrative personnel may, in the course of their regular
duties, have access to communications for technical or operational
purposes, and may also disclose any communications to the extent
permitted or required by law.
4. Prohibition Against Rogue Programming You shall not post, transmit or make available in any way through the
Tumlin.com web site any software or other materials which
contain a computer virus, trojan horse, timebomb, worm or other rogue
programming (“Rogue Programming”). Any downloading of software or other
materials or any other use of the Information on the Tumlin.com web site is at your risk, and you are advised to take
adequate precautions to minimize any loss to your system caused by Rogue
Programming, including use of anti-virus programs and proper backup of
files.
5. Disclaimer of Warranties The Tumlin.com web site is provided on an “as is” basis
without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including
without limitation warranties of title, noninfringement, or implied
warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Tumlin.com does not warrant that any information is
complete or accurate, that the Tumlin.com web site will
be uninterrupted or error free or that any information is free of Rogue
Programming.
6. Limitation of Damages Under no circumstances, including negligence, shall Tumlin.com be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special,
punitive or consequential damages that may result from the use or
inability to use the Tumlin.com web site, including
without limitation use of or reliance on information available on the Tumlin.com web site, interruptions, errors, defects,
mistakes, omissions, deletions of files, delays in operation or
transmission, nondelivery of information, disclosure of communications,
or any other failure of performance.
7. Release and Indemnity You hereby release and waive any and all claims and/or liability against
Tumlin.com arising from or in connection with your use
of the Tumlin.com web site. You also agree to defend,
indemnify and hold harmless, Tumlin.com from and against,
any and all claims or liability, including costs and attorneys fees,
arising from or in connection with your use of the Tumlin.com web site or failure to abide by applicable law.
8. Modifications
These rules may be modified from time to time and such modifications will be binding on you when placed online.
9. Privacy Policy Please also make sure to read our Privacy Policy to understand the additional terms which apply to your use of our site.