https://turun.co.uk/legal
LegalThe following information applies to this website and other websites owned by members of the Brasch Group, including Turun International, Turun, U.K. Ltd, and J. Brasch Co. LLC.TrademarksSafePresence, Treadnought, FallsX and Fall Savers and Stealth Pads are trademarks of Turun International.CopyrightThe content included on Brasch Group websites is the property of Brasch Group members or our partners or content suppliers and is protected by international copyright laws. Any materials or information published on the site may not be copied and/or distributed without the consent of the Brasch Group, partner, or supplier.LinksThis site and others sites owned by members of the Brasch Group include links to other websites and are provided for your convenience. We do not endorse, certify, or approve of information on the sites and cannot guarantee its accuracy. If you choose to access these links, you do so at your own risk.Products and PricingProducts, pricing and availability of products on this site or other sites owned by members of the Brasch Group are subject to change at any time. All products sold are subject to the Terms and Conditions of Sale in effect at the time of purchase.PrivacyWe take your privacy very seriously.We will not sell your information to anyone, for any purpose.We will protect your privacy and keep your personal information safe. We use powerful encryption and other security safeguards to protect customer data.We maintain information about you while you are a customer or until it is no longer needed for business, tax, or legal purposes.Information we collect includes contact information, billing information, equipment purchases, and use of our products, services, or websites. We collect information when you give it to us, when you express interest in or purchase our products, when you visit our websites, or from other sources such as credit agencies as needed.We use the information to:Provide the best customer experience possibleRespond to your questions and provide the service you purchasedDeliver customized information that might be of interest to you such as special offers, new products or industry issues.If you have additional questions on our privacy policy or these legal terms, please contact us.Turun UK Ltd, is a Brasch Group Co. | © 2020 Turun UK Ltd. | All rights reserved. | Legal | Site by Nebraska Digital
NOTICE: Consistent with our privacy policy, we use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our website. Your continued use of this site indicates your acceptance of this policy.OKRead More