http://tvsrubber.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Products
Automotive
Industrial
After Market
Facilities
Clientele
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
News & media
Career
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.tvsrubber.com This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We will not sell the information that you voluntarily give us on this website to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfil your request. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
We may, as part of promotion offers or sales activities, at our discretion, include third party links or services through our website. These third parties have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility  or liability for the content and activities of these linked parties, service providers or their sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Change of Privacy Policy
This Privacy policy is subject to modification and we will post those modifications on this page.
COPYRIGHT 2017 SUNDARAM INDUSTRIES PRIVATE LIMITED, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Privacy Policy
News & media
Career