http://uhf.com.pk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
UHF believes that the responsible use of personal information collected on its Web sites is critical to its business objectives and reputation. As part of our commitment to privacy, we have adopted this Online Privacy Statement. The extent and type of information we receive from you on our external Web sites depends on the information you provide to us through our contact mailboxes and/or through the registration processes on our sites.
We only use your personally identifiable information to respond to your requests and to provide you with information about UHF’s services, unless we obtain your permission to use your personal information for other purposes. For example, if you send us an e-mail message requesting information about UHF, we will use your e-mail address and other information you supply to respond to your request. If we intend to use your personal information to you about other UHF services, we will notify you and give you an opportunity to decline to receive such communications. If you send us a resume or curriculum vitae (CV) to apply online for a position with UHF, we will use the information provided to match you with available opportunities.
The personal information you provide to us will be retained only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law. We do not share personal information with third parties except as necessary to carry out our business or as required by law or other legal processes, and we never sell your personal information. By submitting data through UHF electronically, you are providing explicit consent to trans-border transmission of data collected via UHF’s Web sites.
In addition, UHF has technological and operational security policies and procedures in place to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration or unintentional destruction. Our personnel who have access to the data have been trained to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
UHF understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy, especially in an online environment. Our sites are not intentionally designed for or directed at children under the age of 13 years. It is our policy never to knowingly collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
UHF recognizes its responsibility for protecting the online privacy of your personal information. If you have questions or comments about our administration of your personal information, please contact us at info@uhf.com.pk. You may also use this address to communicate any concerns you may have regarding compliance with our Online Privacy Policy.