https://uk.aminasound.com/privacy/#toc6
Primary Menu
Skip to content
Home
Applications
Animations
Products
All Products
Edge
Mobius
Subwoofers
Support Products
Downloads
Buy
Local Resellers
Global Resellers
Product Authentication
Contact
Sales & Support
Careers
Partner Menu
Training
Store
Support
Tools
Sign In
Amina Technologies Ltd Privacy Policy
Amina Technologies Limited (“we”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use which can be found at uk.aminasound.com/terms-of-use/  and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
This policy describes how we use your personal data. We have provided this policy to ensure that you understand what personal data we may collect and hold about you, what we may use it for and how we keep it safe.  You have legal rights to access the personal data that we hold about you and to control how we use it which are also explained.
WHO WE ARE AND HOW YOU CAN CONTACT US
We are Amina Technologies Limited, a company registered in England and Wales (company number 03656822). Our registered office address is at Cirrus House, Glebe Road, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom PE29 7DL.
You can contact us in writing at Cirrus House, Glebe Road, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom PE29 7DL or by emailing info@aminasound.com. If you would like to speak to us please call us on +44 (0) 1480 354 390.
Information we collect from you
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site uk.aminasound.com  (“our site”) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register your interest in our products and services via our site, search for a product or service, purchase a product or service, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources. This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, authorised dealers, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies). We will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
Cookies
Our site may use a feature of your browser to set a “cookie” on your computer. Cookies are small packets of information that a web site’s computer stores on your computer. The Operators’ web sites can then read the cookies whenever you visit our site. We may use cookies in a number of ways, such as to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, to deliver content specific to your interests and to track the pages you’ve visited. These cookies allow us to use the information we collect to customise your experience so that your visit to our site is as relevant and as valuable to you as possible.
Most browser software can be set up to deal with cookies. You may modify your browser preference to provide you with choices relating to cookies. You have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, certain of the functions and conveniences of our web site may not work properly, and you may be unable to use those of the Operators’ services that require registration in order to participate, or you will have to re-register each time you visit our site. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. We do not link non-personal information from cookies to personally identifiable information without your permission.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased, we will only contact you by electronic means (email or SMS).
to provide you with marketing information in accordance with your marketing preferences (see How we use your personal data for marketing)
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
Information we receive from other sources. We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
When we need your consent to use your personal data
Whilst we always want you to be aware of how we are using your personal data, this does not necessarily mean that we are required to ask for your consent before we can use it. In the day to day running of our business we may use your personal data without asking for your consent because:
we are entering into and carrying out our obligations under a contract with you
we need to use your personal data for our own legitimate purposes (such as the administration and management of our business and the improvement of our products and services) and our doing so will not interfere with your privacy rights
In exceptional circumstances we may wish to use your personal data for a different purpose which does require your consent.  In these circumstances we will contact you to explain how we wish to use your data and to ask for your consent. You are not required to give consent just because we ask for it.  If you do give consent you can change your mind and withdraw it at a later date.
Please refer to the section on How we use your personal data for marketing to read about marketing consents.
You are not under a legal obligation to provide us with any of your personal data but please note that if you elect not to provide us with your personal data we may be unable to provide our products and services to you.
YOUR RIGHTS TO KNOW WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE HOLD AND TO CONTROL HOW WE USE IT
You have a legal right to know what personal data we hold about you – this is called the right of subject access. You can exercise this right by sending us a written request at any time. Please mark your letter “Subject Access Request” and send it to us by post or email using the details in the Who we are and how you can contact us section.
You also have rights to:
prevent your personal data being used for marketing purposes (see How we use your personal data for marketing for further details)
have inaccurate personal data corrected, blocked or erased
object to decisions being made about you by automated means
object to our using your personal data in ways that are likely to cause you damage or distress
restrict our use of your personal data
require that we delete your personal data
require that we provide you, or anyone that you nominate, with a copy of any personal data you have given us in a structured electronic form such as a CSV file
You can find full details of your personal data rights on the Information Commissioner’s Office website at www.ico.org.uk.
We do not make use of automated decision making or profiling.
Disclosure of your information
We share your data with the following people in the day to day running our business:
any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006.
advertisers and advertising networks (see How we use your personal data for marketing for more information).
analytics providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the site.
We may also share your personal information with third parties on a one-off basis, for example, if:
we sell or buy any business or assets (including our own), in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use (uk.aminasound.com/terms-of-use/).
WHEN WE WILL SEND YOUR PERSONAL DATA TO OTHER COUNTRIES
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. This includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA SAFE
We take every care to ensure that your personal data is kept secure.  The security measures we take include:
only storing your personal data on secure servers.
keeping paper records to a minimum and ensuring that those we do have are stored in locked filing cabinets on our office premises.
maintaining up to date firewalls and anti-virus software to minimise the risk of unauthorised access to our systems.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR MARKETING
We will add your details to our marketing database if you buy our products or services or if you have told a third party that you would like them to pass us your contact details so that we can send you updates about our products or services or if you have contacted us to request the receipt of our marketing communications.
We will only send you marketing communications by email (in the form of electronic newsletters via the automated marketing system, MailChimp) or text message. You can ask us to only send you marketing communications by a particular method, about specific subjects or you may ask us not to send you any marketing communications at all.
You can update your current marketing preferences at any time by calling or emailing us using the details set out in the Who we are and how you can contact us section above.
We will only share your personal data with third parties for marketing purposes if you provide us with your consent to do so by ticking a box on a form we use to collect your personal data.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates (including, but not limited to, websites on which our products and services are advertised), as well as links to our social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites, platforms and any services that may be accessible through them have their own privacy policies and that We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for any personal data that may be collected through these websites or services, such as contact and location data. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites or use these services.
HOW YOU CAN MAKE A COMPLAINT
If you are unhappy with the way we have used your personal data please contact us to discuss this using the contact details set out in the Who we are and how you can contact us section above.
You are also entitled to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office which you can do by visiting www.ico.org.uk.  Whilst you are not required to do so, we encourage you to contact us directly to discuss any concerns that you may have and to allow us an opportunity to address these before you contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
HOW WE KEEP THIS POLICY UP TO DATE
We will review and update this policy from time to time. This may be to reflect a change in the goods or services we offer or to our internal procedures or it may be to reflect a change in the law.
The easiest way to check for updates is by looking for the latest version of this policy on our website (uk.aminasound.com) or you can contact us (see Who we are and how you can contact us) to ask us to send you the latest version of our policy.
THIS IS A CALL TO ACTION AREA
This is just an example shown for the theme preview. You can add text widgets here to put whatever you'd like.
Call To Action Button
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More
Coronavirus update:
We are still open for business and processing orders. Please call 01480 354390
×