https://uksigns.org/privacy-and-data-protection-policy/
This Privacy Policy sets out how British Sign & Graphics Association (‘BSGA’, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’) uses and protects any information that you give the BSGA when you use this website.Use of our website, any application for membership and or entering your details to subscribe to our newsletters constitutes acceptance by you of this privacy policy. If you do not wish to accept this Privacy Policy, please leave this website.  Changes to Privacy PolicyFrom time to time we may modify this Privacy Policy and include the date of any such change at the top of this document. Please continue to review this whenever accessing or using our website. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending notice to the primary email address you have specified or by placing a prominent notice on our website.  SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and secure. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.When you register, apply for membership or to receive our newsletter or otherwise give us personal information, we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties who wish to use this information for their own marketing and data gathering purposes. We may however disclose information we have collected about you to third parties where required to do so by law.We comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 (the ‘Act’) and in line with the GDPR Guidance provided by The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). For the purposes of the Act, the BSGA is the data controller and sole owner of the personal data collected via the website.We have physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect information about you. Should a data breach be detected, you will be informed as soon as is practicable. Please be aware, the Internet is not a 100% secure medium and we therefore cannot guarantee the security of any information you send us via the Internet. We are not responsible for any damages you, or others, may suffer as a result of the loss of confidentiality of such information.Except for the member pages, it is not necessary for you to register to access this website.  What data will we collect and why do we collect it and how will we use it?We automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address and the page you request. We may also record information about pages visited on our site to improve the way the site operates.When you apply for and/or renew your membership, you will be requested to provide your details as set out in the application form https://uksigns.org/application-form/ This information is used relevant to:Processing your membership applicationAdministration of your account and facilitating contact with youDelivering the products, services and benefits of membership to youYour purchasing goods and services from us and to process transactionsMarket researchTo ensure our service is relevant to your needsTo help us create, publish or send to you content as you would expect to be relevant as a Member of a Trade AssociationTo alert you to new services, updated information and other membership informationTo allow you access to limited entry areas of our website as appropriateTo help form your Company Profile on our websiteTo keep your Company and its products and services linked to the search facilities of our websiteWe retain personal data about your Membership for as long as your membership is active and for a limited period afterwards (in case you wish to reactivate your membership or have queries about it). Should you cancel your membership, we shall remove the relevant data from the public and membership area of our website including any email mailing lists.We also retain information with the potential to give rise to legal disputes for 7 years.We may occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including specific member services that require specialist company involvement. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the services to enhance your member service.Non-Members have the opportunity through our website to:Register to receive our newsletters,Make a purchase of goods/servicesAs a non-member, you will be asked to provide your email address and name to register to receive our newsletter. To purchase goods/services, in addition to the above we may require a postal address and telephone number.In addition to the reasons set out above, this information is used to send you relevant information about the Association and other information which we believe may be of interest to you and may include market research. ConsentBy using this website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by the Association in the manner set out above. By registering with us and or becoming a Member of the BSGA, you consent to our processing data about you. Whenever we rely on your consent to process personal data, you always have the right to withdraw that consent.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest (including links to your own website if you become a member of the BSGA). However, once you have used any links to leave our site, you should note that these websites have their own privacy policies and we do not accept responsibility for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites which are not governed by this BSGA Privacy and Data Protection Policy.CookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. Declining the use of cookies may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Controlling of your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information or be removed from our database in the following ways:Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click on to opt in to receive information and services and leave it un-tickedUse the unsubscribe link in emails sent to youIn addition to your rights to withdraw your consent and to object, please contact us at ask@uksigns.org, You have the right to ask us:For access to information about your personal data or for a copy of your personal dataTo correct or delete your personal dataTo restrict (i.e. stop any active) processing of your personal dataTo provide you with certain personal data in a structured machine-readable format and to transmit that data to another organisationThese rights may not always apply, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have a compelling legitimate interest in keeping. If this is the case, we will let you know when we respond to your request.UpdatesWe suggest that you check back here for updates as we will update this policy from time to time.  Contact for more informationFor more details about our data procedures please contact ask@uksigns.org or telephone 0845 338 3016Copyright 2018 British Sign and Graphics Association. Permission to use quotations from this article is granted subject to appropriate credit being given to uksigns.orgas the source.British Sign and Graphics Association. Reg no 2329410Registered address: Northgate Business Centre, Northgate, Newark, Notts NG24 1EZ