https://ultramagic.com/privacy-and-legal-warning/
×
Languages
Català
English
Español
Privacy and Legal Warning
Information about Data Protection
1. Data related to the Responsible
Processing Responsible:
Entity: ULTRAMAGIC S.A.
Entity VAT number: A08808214
Entity address: AERÓDROM GENERAL VIVES, S/N – (08711) ODENA
Entity e-mail address: ADMIN@ULTRAMAGIC.COM
Processing Responsible: JOSEP MARIA LLADÓ COSTA
Processing Responsible telephone number: 938042202
Processing Responsible e-mail address: ADMIN@ULTRAMAGIC.COM
2. Purposes
In compliance with the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and the Organic Personal Data Protection and Guarantee of Digital Rights Law 3/2018 , we inform you that, depending on the relationship you have with us, at ULTRAMAGIC, SA we process the data you provide for some, or all, of the following purposes:
Purchase / Sale of material
Sending commercial information of the entity by post, e-mail or other
Placing an order
3. Data retention period
Your data will be preserved until your contractual, commercial or any other relationship with our entity lasts, or until you request their removal, as well as the time required to meet legal obligations.
4. Legitimation
The legal basis for the processing of your data lies in:
Unequivocal consent
5. Recipients
Your personal data will be communicated to third parties in the following cases:
To other processors if required.
Advertising and marketing entities
6. Rights
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether ULTRAMAGIC, SA is processing personal data concerning you.
You also have the right of access to your personal data, as well as the right to request the rectification of inaccurate data or, if necessary, to request its deletion when, among other reasons, the data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected.
Under certain circumstances, you may request that we limit the processing of your data, in which case we will only keep them for the exercise or defense of claims.
Additionally, in certain circumstances and for reasons related to your particular situation, you may exercise your right to oppose the processing of your data. ULTRAMAGIC, SA will stop processing the data, except for legitimate compelling reasons, or the exercise or defense of possible claims.
Likewise, you can exercise the right to the portability of the data, as well as withdraw the consents given at any time, without affecting the legality of the processing based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
If you wish to make use of any of your rights, you can do so through the links provided below:
to exercise your right of access click here
to exercise your right of rectification click here
to exercise your right of withdrawal (Oblivion) click here
to exercise your right to limit treatment click here
to exercise your right of opposition click here
to exercise your right of portability click here
Alternatively, you can also contact us by post at the following address: AERÓDROM GENERAL VIVES, S/N – (08711) ODENA enclosing a photocopy of your ID card, for the certainty of your identity. Remember to provide as much information as possible about your request: Name and surname, e-mail address you use for the account or portal that is the subject of your request.
Finally, we inform you that you can address the Spanish Data Protection Agency and other competent public bodies for any claim derived from the processing of your personal data.
7. Cookies Policy
To learn about the cookies, we use on our site, remember that you can access our Cookie Policy through the following cookie policy link.
Legal Warning
1. Purpose and acceptance
This legal notice regulates the use of our website, which is owned by ULTRAMAGIC, SA. The navigation through the website     of ULTRAMAGIC, SA attributes the condition of user of the same and implies the full and unreserved acceptance of each and every one of the provisions included in this Legal Notice, which can be modified. You are obliged to make a correct use of the website in accordance with the laws, good faith, public order, traffic uses and this Legal Notice. You will respond to ULTRAMAGIC, SA or to third parties, for any damages that could be caused as a consequence of the breach of this obligation.
2. Identification and communications
ULTRAMAGIC, SA, in compliance with Law 34/2002, of July the 11th, on information society services and electronic commerce, informs you that
Its corporate name is: ULTRAMAGIC, SA
Its VAT number is: A08808214
Its registered office is at: AERÓDROM GENERAL VIVES, S/N – (08711) ODENA
To communicate with us, we provide you with different means of contact specified in the privacy policy.
All notifications and communications you make with ULTRAMAGIC, SA will be considered effective, for all purposes, as long as they are made through the means specified above
3. Conditions of access and use
The website and its services are free access, however, ULTRAMAGIC, SA conditions the use of some of the services offered on its website to the prior completion of the corresponding form.
You guarantee the authenticity and actuality of all the data you communicate to ULTRAMAGIC SA and you will be the only responsible for the false or inexact manifestations you make.
You expressly agree to make an appropriate use of the contents and services of ULTRAMAGIC, SA and not to use them for, among others:
Disseminate content, which is criminal, violent, pornographic, racist, xenophobic, offensive, in defense of terrorism or, in general, contrary to the law or public order.
Introduce in the network computer viruses or carry out actions susceptible to alter, spoil, interrupt or generate errors or damages in the electronic documents, data or physical and logical systems of ULTRAMAGIC, SA or third parties; as well as hinder the access of other users to the website and its services through the massive consumption of the computer resources through which ULTRAMAGIC, SA provides its services.
Trying to access other people’s data or restricted areas of ULTRAMAGIC, SA’s computer systems or third parties and, if necessary, extracting information.
Violate the intellectual or industrial property rights, as well as violate the confidentiality of the information of ULTRAMAGIC, SA or third parties.
Impersonating another user, public administration or third party.
Reproduce, copy, distribute, make available or in any other way publicly communicate, transform, or modify the contents, unless you have the authorization of the owner of the corresponding rights or it is legally permitted.
Collecting data for advertising purposes and sending advertising of any kind and communications for sales purposes or others of a commercial nature without prior request or consent.
All the contents of the web site, such as texts, photographs, graphics, images, icons, technology, software, as well as its graphic design and source codes, constitute a work whose property belongs to ULTRAMAGIC, SA, and none of the exploitation rights over them can be understood as transferred beyond what is strictly necessary for the correct use of the web site.
In short, you who accesses this website can visualize the contents and make, if necessary, authorized private copies as long as the reproduced elements are not subsequently transferred to third parties, or installed in servers connected to networks, or are not the object of any type of exploitation.
Also, all trademarks, trade names or logos of any kind which appear on the web site are the property of ULTRAMAGIC, SA, and it may not be construed that use of or access to the web site grants you any rights over any such trademarks, trade names or logos.
The distribution, modification, cession or public communication of the contents and any other act that has not been expressly authorized by the owner of the exploitation rights are prohibited.
The establishment of a hyperlink does not imply in any case the existence of a relationship between ULTRAMAGIC, SA and the owner of the website where it is established, nor the acceptance and approval by ULTRAMAGIC, SA of its contents or services. Those people who intend to establish a hyperlink must previously ask for a written authorization to ULTRAMAGIC, SA. In any case, the hyperlink will only allow access to the home page of our website, and will not make false, inaccurate or incorrect statements or indications about ULTRAMAGIC, SA, or include illicit contents, contrary to good customs and public order.
ULTRAMAGIC, SA is not responsible for the use that each user gives to the materials made available on this website or for the actions carried out based on them.
4. Exclusion of guarantees and liability
ULTRAMAGIC, SA excludes, to the extent permitted by law, any liability for damages of any kind arising from:
The impossibility to access the web site or the lack of veracity, accuracy, exhaustiveness and/or topicality of the contents, as        well as the existence of vices and defects of any kind in the contents transmitted, disseminated, stored, made available to those who have accessed through the web site or the services offered.
the presence of viruses or other elements in the contents that may cause alterations to computer systems, electronic        documents, or user data.
the failure to comply with the law, good faith, public order, traffic uses and this legal notice as a result of the incorrect use of    the website. In particular, and by way of example, ULTRAMAGIC, SA is not responsible for the actions of third parties who     violate intellectual and industrial property rights, business secrets, rights to honor, personal and family privacy and their own     image, as well as regulations on unfair competition and illegal advertising.
Likewise, ULTRAMAGIC, SA declines any responsibility regarding the information outside this web site and not directly    managed by our webmaster. The function of the links that appear on this website is exclusively to inform the user about the existence of other sources that may extend the contents offered by this website. ULTRAMAGIC, SA does not guarantee nor is it responsible for the functioning or accessibility of the linked sites; nor does it suggest, invite or recommend the visit to them, and therefore it will not be responsible for the result obtained. ULTRAMAGIC, SA is not responsible for the establishment of hyperlinks by third parties.
5. Procedure in the event of unlawful activities
In case you or a third party considers that there are facts or circumstances that reveal the illicit nature of the use of any content and/or the carrying out of any activity in the web pages included or accessible through the website, you must contact ULTRAMAGIC, SA duly identifying yourself, specifying the alleged infringements and expressly declaring under your responsibility that the information provided in the notification is accurate.
For any litigious matter concerning the website of ULTRAMAGIC, SA, the Spanish legislation will be applied, being competent the Courts and Tribunals closest to the headquarters of (Spain).
6. Publications
The administrative information provided through the website does not replace the legal publicity of the laws, regulations, plans, general provisions and acts that have to be formally published in the official journals of public administrations, which are the only instrument that attests to their authenticity and content. The information available on this website should be understood as a guide with no legal validity purpose.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Read more.
Close