https://ungerboeck.com/privacy-policy
Learn more about safe Venue reopening solutions to help you prepare.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
UNGERBOECK DATA PRIVACY POLICY: AN INTERNATIONAL COMMITMENT
As a global leader in flexible, comprehensive event and venue management software, Ungerboeck aims to be a model in data protection and privacy. Ungerboeck has established this Data Privacy Policy to ensure that its international commitment to this field is fully integrated into the company’s business relations and operations. In additional to this Policy, Ungerboeck has also established a Website User Guide to provide detailed information about data collection while using Ungerboeck Websites. Furthermore, Ungerboeck has set up organizational and technical measures based on international laws and policies to enhance confidentiality and security of personal data and to build a strong and lasting relationship with its worldwide Customers.
DATA COLLECTION BY UNGERBOECK
Customers or prospects may visit the different international entities’ websites without having to provide any personal data. Ungerboeck collects IP addresses, browser types for system administration, and/or statistical purposes and without identifying any other individual information. Ungerboeck may also specifically request personal data to provide certain services, such demanding an address to send newsletters or respond to a contact request. Furthermore, Ungerboeck uses cookies (small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie) to recognize customers or prospects and to provide them with contents corresponding to their interests.Ungerboeck ensures that personal data will only be kept for the time necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. These purposes include but are not limited to communication, marketing and promotion, hiring, forums, customer satisfaction, and global statistics. Data collection is done per applicable laws and regulations.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER AND TRANSMISSION OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED BY UNGERBOECK
Personal data collected by Ungerboeck will not be passed on, sold, or made available to third parties for marketing purposes without the data subjects’ personal consent. In order to provide data subjects with the desired service or transaction, it may be necessary to pass information to other companies within Ungerboeck Group, service providers, or third parties who process the data on Ungerboeck’s behalf. Ungerboeck strictly requires its service providers and sub-processors to use personal data only to manage the requested services. Moreover, Ungerboeck ensures that its service providers and sub-processors always act in compliance with applicable laws regarding the protection of personal data and pay particular attention to the confidentiality of such data. Due to Ungerboeck’s worldwide activity, data is transmitted to the European Economic Area (EEA) as well as non-EEA. Whenever transfers occur outside of the EEA, it is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (according to EU Commission Decision 87/2010/EC or any future replacement) in order to contractually provide that personal data is subject to a level of data protection that applies within the EEA . You may obtain a redacted copy (from which commercial information and information that is not relevant has been removed) of such Standard Contractual Clauses by sending a request to privacy@ungerboeck.com. However, in all cases, Ungerboeck guarantees that data will always be protected and will only be used with the data subject’s consent for the purpose described at the time the data was provided. International transfers and transmissions are always carried out in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
DATA SUBJECT’S RIGHTS
Ungerboeck acknowledges and respects data subjects’ rights: i) to consent; ii) to be forgotten; iii) to be informed; iii) to have access to their data; (iv) to modify their data; and (v) to data portability in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Please direct any questions, complaints, or information regarding your data to privacy@ungerboeck.com.
CHANGES TO THIS DATA PRIVACY POLICY
In order to improve data security and confidentiality and to comply with applicable laws and regulations, Ungerboeck will make changes to this Data Privacy Policy from time to time. The then-current Data Privacy Policy applies to all personal data Ungerboeck has about data subjects.Website User Guide
1. AN OVERVIEW OF DATA PROTECTION
GENERAL
The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information regarding data protection can be found in our Data Privacy Policy.
DATA COLLECTION ON OUR WEBSITE
Who is responsible for the data collection on this website?The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. The operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal notice.
HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA?
Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website. These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. These data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR DATA FOR?
Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.
WHAT RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE REGARDING YOUR DATA?
You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
Requests for information on personal data held by Ungerboeck and for the withdrawal of consent can be made by contacting Ungerboeck at removeme@ungerboeck.com.
ANALYTICS AND THIRD-PARTY TOOLS
When visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information can be found in the Data Privacy Policy.You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard.
2. GENERAL INFORMATION AND MANDATORY INFORMATION
DATA PROTECTION
The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and our Data Privacy Policy.If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This Guide explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
Notice concerning the party responsible for this websiteThe party responsible for processing data on this website is:
Americas and APACPhone: +1 636-300-5606Email: privacy@ungerboeck.com
EMEAPhone: +49 721 355010 Email: privacy@ungerboeck.com
The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.).
REVOCATION OF YOUR CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
RIGHT TO FILE COMPLAINTS WITH REGULATORY AUTHORITIES
If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
For Europe and Middle East, the competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the German state in which our EMEA entity (Ungerboeck Systems International GmbH) is headquartered. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html
RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY
You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
SSL OR TLS ENCRYPTION
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
INFORMATION, BLOCKING, AND DELETION
As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
OPPOSITION TO PROMOTIONAL EMAILS
We hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested. The website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received.
3. DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
STATUTORY DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
We have appointed a data protection officer for:
EMEA secopan gmbhAm Schönblick 14D-71229 LeonbergTelephone: +497152-56958-0Email: datenschutz@secopan.de
4. DATA COLLECTION ON OUR WEBSITE
COOKIES
Some of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of DSGVO/GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this Guide.
SERVER LOG FILES
The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are:
Browser type and browser versionOperating system usedReferrer URLHost name of the accessing computerTime of the server requestIP addressThese data will not be combined with data from other sources.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO/GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
CONTACT FORM
Should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO/GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
REGISTRATION ON THIS WEBSITE
You can register on our website in order to access additional functions offered here. The input data will only be used for the purpose of using the respective site or service for which you have registered. The mandatory information requested during registration must be provided in full. Otherwise, we will reject your registration.
To inform you about important changes such as those within the scope of our site or technical changes, we will use the email address specified during registration.We will process the data provided during registration only based on your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO/GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
We will continue to store the data collected during registration for as long as you remain registered on our website. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected.
PROCESSING OF DATA (CUSTOMER AND CONTRACT DATA)
We collect, process, and use personal data only insofar as it is necessary to establish, or modify legal relationships with us (master data). This is done based on Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO/GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract. We collect, process and use your personal data when accessing our website (usage data) only to the extent required to enable you to access our service or to bill you for the same.
Collected customer data shall be deleted after completion of the order or termination of the business relationship. Legal retention periods remain unaffected.
5. SOCIAL MEDIA
TWITTER PLUGIN
Functions of the Twitter service have been integrated into our website and app. These features are offered by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. When you use Twitter and the “Retweet” function, the websites you visit are connected to your Twitter account and made known to other users. In doing so, data will also be transferred to Twitter. We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it will be used by Twitter. For more information on Twitter's privacy policy, please go to https://twitter.com/privacy.Your privacy preferences with Twitter can be modified in your account settings at https://twitter.com/account/settings.
YOUTUBE
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
If you're logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO/GDPR.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
6. USAGE OF BLOG FUNCTION
In our blog, where we publish various articles on relevant topics and allow you to make public comments. If you submit a comment, it will be published with the corresponding contribution and the (possibly pseudonymous) user name you entered will be displayed. Comments will not be reviewed before publication. However, we do check these on a random basis and can delete them if they contain unlawful content.
The commenting function uses the Disqus plug-in, which is operated by Big Head Labs, Inc., http://www.disqus.com ("Disqus"). As a registered user, you can use it to make comments on all Disqus-using websites and to log in to Facebook (via Facebook Connect), Twitter, Yahoo and OpenID via existing accounts. When registering via the latter providers, these providers also collect, store and use your data. For further details, please refer to the data protection regulations of the respective provider. Disqus will send us the data provided by the comment form as well as any data provided by third parties. The entity responsible for collecting and processing the above data in the United States is Big Head Labs, Inc, San Francisco, USA.
Terms of Use: http://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466260-terms-of-service/ Privacy Policy: http://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466259-privacy-policy
7. ANALYTICS AND ADVERTISING
This website uses various Google Services, provided or operated by the following party responsible:
If you are located within the EU or Switzerland the party responsible for the services provided is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland
If you are located outside the EU the party responsible for the services provided is Google LLC. (“Google”), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Google Analytics cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO/GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
IP ANONYMIZATION
We have activated the IP anonymization feature on this website. Your IP address will be shortened by Google within the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area prior to transmission to the United States. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and Internet usage for the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with any other data held by Google.
BROWSER PLUGIN
You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl. your IP address) from being passed to Google, and the processing of these data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
OBJECTING TO THE COLLECTION OF DATA
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this site: Disable Google Analytics.
For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google's privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
OUTSOURCED DATA PROCESSING
We have entered into an agreement with Google for the outsourcing of our data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the data protection authorities when using Google Analytics.
DEMOGRAPHIC DATA COLLECTION BY GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This website uses Google Analytics' demographic features. This allows reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising from Google and third-party visitor data. This collected data cannot be attributed to any specific individual person. You can disable this feature at any time by adjusting the ads settings in your Google account or you can forbid the collection of your data by Google Analytics as described in the section "Refusal of data collection".
GOOGLE ADSENSE
This website uses Google AdSense, a service for including advertisements from Google company.
Google AdSense uses so-called "cookies", which are text files stored in your computer that enable an analysis of the way you use the website. Google AdSense also uses so-called web beacons (invisible graphics). Through these web beacons, information such as the visitor traffic on these pages can be evaluated.
The information generated by cookies and web beacons relating to your use of this website (including your IP address), and delivery of advertising formats, is transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there. This information can be passed on from Google to contracting parties of Google. However, Google will not merge your IP address with other data you have stored.
AdSense cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO/GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly. Please be aware that in this case, you may not be able to make full use of all the features of this website. By using this website, you agree to the processing of data relating to you and collected by Google as described and for the purposes set out above.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS REMARKETING
Our websites use the features of Google Analytics Remarketing combined with the cross-device capabilities of Google AdWords and DoubleClick.
This feature makes it possible to link target audiences for promotional marketing created with Google Analytics Remarketing to the cross-device capabilities of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. This allows advertising to be displayed based on your personal interests, identified based on your previous usage and surfing behavior on one device (e.g. your mobile phone), on other devices (such as a tablet or computer).
Once you have given your consent, Google will associate your web and app browsing history with your Google Account for this purpose. That way, any device that signs in to your Google Account can use the same personalized promotional messaging.
To support this feature, Google Analytics collects Google-authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data to define and create audiences for cross-device ad promotion.
You can permanently opt out of cross-device remarketing/targeting by turning off personalized advertising in your Google Account; follow this link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.
The aggregation of the data collected in your Google Account data is based solely on your consent, which you may give or withdraw from Google per Art. 6 (1) (a) DSGVO/GDPR. For data collection operations not merged into your Google Account (for example, because you do not have a Google Account or have objected to the merge), the collection of data is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO/GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing anonymous user behavior for promotional purposes.
For more information and the Google Privacy Policy, go to: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.
GOOGLE ADWORDS AND GOOGLE CONVERSION TRACKING
This website uses Google AdWords. AdWords is an online advertising program from Google company.
As part of Google AdWords, we use so-called conversion tracking. When you click on an ad served by Google, a conversion tracking cookie is set. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser stores on your computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification of the user. Should the user visit certain pages of the website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and the website can tell that the user clicked on the ad and proceeded to that page.
Each Google AdWords advertiser has a different cookie. Thus, cookies cannot be tracked using the website of an AdWords advertiser. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for the AdWords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, advertisers do not obtain any information that can be used to personally identify users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you can opt-out of this by easily disabling the Google Conversion Tracking cookie by changing your browser settings. In doing so, you will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
The conversion cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO/GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
For more information about Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking, see the Google Privacy Policy: https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
8. USE OF ORACLE ELOQUA
This website uses Oracle Corporation's Eloqua web analytics service to evaluate user access to this website. For this analysis, cookies (more details in Section 4) are stored on your computer. The information collected in this way is stored on servers, also in the USA. The data of the cookies are linked to your other data if you have made them available to us. This enables us to analyze the use of our website and offer you personalized services. If you prevent the storage of cookies, we point out that you may not be able to use this website in its entirety. The prevention of the storage of cookies is possible through the setting in your browser or by clicking the "Click here" buttons at https://www.oracle.com/marketingcloud/opt-status.html
Third-party information: Oracle Corporation, 500 Oracle Parkway, M/S 5op7, Redwood Shores, CA 94065 (USA);
Privacy policy: https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/
9. CHATBOT BUSINESS-MESSENGER
We use a Chatbot Business-Messenger service on our website to enable a live chat functionality. As provider for the Chatbot Business-Messenger on this website we use the services of Intercom Inc.
As described in Section 4, we may use your IP address to identify your location (country), in order direct your query to the available USI representative from your region.
We collect, store and process the data you enter into the Chat Messenger in order to fulfil your request and provide information about our products and services as requested. We do not share any information you provide without your permission.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO/GDPR, which allows the data processing for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us.
We will retain the data you provide on the Chat until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
Third-party information about the provider of the Chatbot Business-Messenger with its servers located in the US
Intercom, Inc., a Delaware corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
For more information about the Chatbot Business-Messenger please see the Intercom Inc. Privacy Policy: https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
10. OTHER PLUGINS AND TOOLS
The following other tools are used and accessible from our website:
JOBVITE
Third-party information: Jobvite, Inc.1300 S El Camino Real, Ste 400 San Mateo, CA 94402, United States;
Privacy policy: https://www.jobvite.com/privacy-policy/
ZENDESK
Third-party information: Zendesk, Inc.1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States; Privacy policy: https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
Changed On: February 28, 2019