https://universalboot.com/conditions-of-sale/
Loading...
Conditions of sale
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The main guiding objective in all our decisions is total customer satisfaction. We promise to make every effort within logic and common sense to satisfy our customers. And sometimes beyond.
www.universalboot.com and its forwarding domains are wholly owned and operated by Universal Boot Inc.
Order acceptance policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Universal Boot reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order.
Typographical Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing, Universal Boot shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Universal Boot shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Universal Boot shall refund your credit card in full as soon as possible.
Easy 30-day satisfaction guarantee
In addition to our comprehensive manufacturer’s warranty, we offer an easy 30-day money back guarantee. The conditions are very simple: if you want to return your order for any reason, within 30 days of reception of such order, contact Universal Boot. If your products are received in good order and in the condition they were sent in, we will refund the full purchase price, less initial shipping costs. After this period of 30 days, all sales are final. While this policy is normally limited to single unit purchases, Universal Boot may, at its sole discretion, apply it to quantity orders, with or without a restocking fee. The restocking fee is not fixed and will be determined on a case by case basis.
Orders and Payments
Orders can placed in the following ways:
Via our website, at http://www.universalboot.com
By phone, dial 1-888-354-5649 or +1-514-631-5005 Monday to Friday 8.30 am to 5 pm EST
By fax, +1-514-631-4114
By email, send your contact information and product selection to info@universalboot.com . We will then contact you by phone to obtain the payment details.
We accept major credit cards: Visa, MasterCard et American Express.
We attempt to ship orders out on the same day whenever possible. We also try to provide approximate shipping time estimates upon request but are not legally bound by them; therefore, order cancellation fees may apply if costs are incurred by Universal Boot before order is cancelled.
Note:
All transactions are considered to have taken place in Dorval, Quebec, Canada. We abide by all guidelines and policies suggested by the credit card companies, and while we will do our best to inform buyers of all possible costs, we are not responsible for any foreign transaction fees, currency conversion rates that may or may not be applied by credit card companies and/or issuing banks, nor can we forecast what these fees may be in advance.
Product images are for illustrative purposes only and may differ from the actual product.
International Orders
We do accept international orders but they must be placed by e-mail (preferred) or by phone. Shipping quotes will be provided on a case by case basis.
All international orders must be prepaid in full before shipping, and regretfully, due to inevitable difficulties involving a third party unknown to Universal Boot, selection and payment of shipping agency will be done directly by Universal Boot, no exceptions.
Credit cards are only accepted when both billing and shipping addresses are located in Canada or the United States.
Prices
Prices are F.O.B. our plant in Dorval, Quebec as listed in our online catalog and are subject to change without notice due to volatile exchange rates and price of commodities. We will do our best to advise you of any changes.
Quantity discounts
Discounts are usually available for distributors and large volume end users. Please email us your quote request, including the item number and quantity required. We will provide you with a custom quote.
Warranty and representations
All items sold on our Web pages accurately reflect their current standards and specifications. However, each item depicted or described herein in not necessarily suitable for every kind of use, therefore, seller makes no warranty that these goods are fit for any particular purpose and their use is the sole responsibility and at the sole risk of the user.
Shipping, Handling and Custom charges
All shipments are made F.O.B. our plant in Dorval Quebec. Universal Boot may but is not obligated to accept to bill transport costs to your courier account. We reserve the right to select whichever transporter or carrier is most suitable. Signature may be required at delivery.
We are very flexible, so please advise us of any special requirement. Any cost related to an unplanned or undeclared requirement such as appointment-only facilities, scheduled or rescheduled deliveries, unloading waiting time fees, packaging restrictions or absence of standard shipping dock (if applicable) will be the sole responsibility of the customer.
Universal Boot provides approximate delivery windows for your convenience, but we are not legally bound by them and will not be responsible for any prejudice caused thereby.
Warranties, refunds and exchanges
Please note that all decisions regarding warranties, refunds and exchanges are at Universal’s sole discretion but they are taken with the intent of ensuring satisfaction of our clients and maintaining our high standards of quality of product and service.
All sales are considered as having been made in Québec and all litigation is subject to laws of the Province of Québec.
Privacy Policy
Buyer confirms having read and agreed to Universal Boot’s privacy policy, as available through our homepage, at www.universalboot.com
Last edited on February 5th, 2018
x
Covid-19 Notice
Express delivery and rapid delivery may not be guaranteed due to the current situation with transport during the actual pandemic –
please be aware that shipping dates may not be guaranteed. We apologize for any inconveniences
More Information