https://uoutperform.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
HomeTERMS OF USE
The use of the website and online services of the site from visitor or user requires his unconditional agreement with the terms of use below, who apply for the total content, pages, graphics, pictures, photos and files included in our website.
Accordingly, visitor or user has to read carefully these terms before using the website’s services and if he doesn’t agree, he must not use the services and our content.
The visitor-user has to check the content of these particular websites for possible changes. If visitor-user continues to use the website  even after any changes means he has unconditionally agreed to these terms.
USE AND ACCEPTANCE OF COOKIES
With the access in our website, you unconditionally agree the use of cookies for the user’s browsing improvement and the improvement of our services.
COPYRIGHTS
The total content of this website, which includes indicatively and not restrictively texts, news, graphics, photos, charts, depictions, videos, sketches, services, constitutes the site’s copyright and is governed by national and international provisions about Copyrights.
Logotypes, brands, trademarks and service features included in the website belong to the site or/and to people mentioned as owners of these rights in website, and protected in accordance with the legislation in force for industrial and intellectual property.
Intellectual property rights of third parties including in the website have been set in good faith and for updating reasons.
AUTHORISATION FOR USE
Any use, reproduction, republication, copy, storage, sale, airing, dispensation, publishing, prosecution, download, translation, alteration by any way, separately or summarily, of the website’s content and offered services is prohibited expressly without it’ s previous permission.
Exceptionally,  individual storage and copy of content’ s parts in personal computer for strictly personal use, without intention of commercial or other appropriation and always on condition that the source of origin is written, is allowed, without this meaning copyright allowance  by any way. Accordingly, sale, copy, alteration, reproduction, republication or «loading», transmission or dispensation by any way is prohibited.
The rest of the products or services referred in the junction’s websites and bear the marks of the corresponding organizations, corporations, partner actors, associations or publishing are their own industrial and intellectual property and therefore these actors are responsible.
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITED LIABILITY ON THE INTERNET
The site use it’ s best efforts in order that the total content and the information appearing on the website are accurate, clear, right, complete, timely and available.
In neither case we guarantee and thus we are not responsible (not even by negligence) for any damage to the visitor-user from using the website. Content and services are provided «as they are», without any explicit or implicit, worded or supposed guaranty, while it is understood the guaranty of satisfactory quality, adequacy, inviolable compatibility, security and accuracy, which we all expressly deny.
Also, we are not responsible for repairing any damage (loss or loss of profit, which may be composed of loss of profits, data, loss of earnings, financial satisfaction etc.) from our website’s users-visitors or third parties, due to function or not, use the website, inability to provide services or information, which are provided by or by third parties unauthorized interventions on products-services-information which are available by him.
We use our best efforts for the good network functioning, but in neither case we guarantee that the network’s functions or server’s functions will be uninterrupted or without any mistake, virus-free and similar figures, whether it is our network or another network or server through which the content is transmitted.
EXCLUSION OF CONSULTATION
Any part of the network’s provided to users-visitors content it is not and cannot be considered by no means, directly or indirectly, as instigation, guidance, advice or consultation to any action or elision, on the contrary it is within the discretion of users-visitors to act based on their own will after personal evaluation, excluding any responsibility.
LINKS TO NETWORKS
As it is understandable, we do not check the availability, the content, the privacy policy, the quality and plenitude of other networks and pages services, at which we may refer via hyperlinks or advertising banners (as of now called for sake of simplicity «links»). Links have been exclusively placed to ease visitors-users of the network, while networks to which they refer are subject to the respective terms of use.
The placing of links does not constitute approval or acceptance of the content of the corresponding networks and we are not responsible for their content and for any damage caused by their use, as the visitor has access to them with his own responsibility.
SUBMITTED CONTENT BY USERS
The site gives the choice to users to post their own content in the network or to refer to their own posted content in other networks.
However, we have the right to check this content and block the posting of illegal, threatening, defamatory, offensive, indecent, outrageous, blackmailing, pornographic input or anything else which can be considered illegal, bring legal responsibility or in any other way break the law. In case that content like the one above comes to our attention we have the right to remove it without notice or any other formality.
On their side users recognize our right to check and approve the submitted input before the posting in the website. The site has the right (but not the obligation) to check, approve, reject or delete submitted content by users in the website and these decisions are not subject to a review process.
We have the right to delete or deny the posting of content, which infringes rights of use, trademarks, commercial contracts or any other copyrights (natural person or no natural person) as well input which infringes personal data.
Each user who posts content implicitly affirms and accepts that:
He has the right to submit and post content in the site, which does not include or infringe deposited trademarks, logotypes or input protected by any natural or no natural person’s copyright.
He exempts the website and it’s actor from any cost of appropriation, emolument and any other debt to any natural or no natural person caused by the submitted content posting in the website.
Each person who is «captured» in the content has consented to his depiction.
He has all the necessary permissions for using each right, which is included in the submitted content.
Users are entirely responsible for the content, which in any way submit or share via website. In neither case the site or its associates and related companies, its employees, the director, shareholders or its representatives cannot be responsible for damages or losses of any type (for example direct, indirect, accidental, incidental, civil or criminal) caused by actions of website’s users.
If any user wish to withdraw submitted content, he has to inform us using the email in the website. The content will be withdrawn within 15-20 working days.
RIGHTS OF USE THE CONTENT
The content which users submit and post remains their property, while they give to the website the right to unlimited, without fee permission for use, dispensation, reproduction, alteration, adaptation, public view and appropriation of the content at any time and with any way electronic or printed, which does not violate their moral right.
TRANSISIONAL PROVISIONS
We have the right to modify anytime it is necessary and without previous permission, just with a simple announcement via website, the content and services of the website, and the terms of use.
GDPR
Our website keeps the minimum of personal data, which are needed for smooth navigation and communication with the user. We are completely accordant with the law and the GDPR provisions.
Personal Data – Privacy Policy
The Company is controller and has to administer and protect personal data of visitors and users of the website according to General Data Protection Regulation (679/2016), and to national, communal and international law about processing personal data, as it always applies.
The Company uses data of visitors (Name, Surname, E-mail, phone number, etc.), provided that these data have been registered through the contact form in the website for contacting you.
The Company uses data of visitors (e-mail), provided that the e-mail has been registered in predefined fields of the website, for reminding incomplete buy for products, which have been added and remain in the shopping bag.
The Company uses data of visitors (IP address), provided that it is allowed by them, in order to find the nearest store.
The Company uses data of visitors through the use of cookies to improve the website and to adjust to the way that visitors browse in the website and for their better experience.
Cookies: Company’s website uses cookies for collecting information. Cookies are small files which are stored on your computer or other devices (smartphones, tablets) while browsing in the website. They are used to «remember», when your computer or your device has access in our websites. Cookies are necessary for website’s efficient functioning and for helping you buy online. They are also used for product and services adjustment, which are offered and advertised to you, in our websites or other websites or social media.
Certain cookies collect information about your browsing and your purchasing behavior, when you have access in a website from the same computer or device. This contains information about viewed pages, products you have purchased and your browsing in the website. We do not use cookies to collect or record information about your name, your address or other contact info. Our Company can use cookies to track your browsing and your purchasing behavior.
Data from users and transactions are considered confidential, as in ordinary transactions in a commercial store. Users, while they provide their data in the context of their transactions, they will be informed by Company, they will agree and accept the impeding processing of personal data, for the purpose of facilitating transaction between the parties.
We do not send your personal data to third parties, apart from those with whom we work and who are essential or those who facilitate our services to you, but always under conditions which totally ensure that your personal data are not processed illegally, that they are not subjected to any processing other than the purpose of the transmission according the above. Within our activities, we use third parties, such as transport undertakings, who provide services on our behalf. We inform you that the above mentioned who will accept your personal data, they perform the processing on our behalf and so, considering their place, they do not perform any processing of your data beyond the above purpose of transmission. In each case our Company will not sell or in any other way transmit or post personal data of website’s visitors/users to third parties without visitor’s/user’s explicit consent, apart from the above mentioned and with the exception of the application of relevant legal requirements, if required by a court ruling or a decision of another public authority and the competent and sole authorities.
In each case the access by people without authorization, included our employees to your personal data is forbidden.
Also, with the present is disclosed the right to information, the right to access, the right to delete, the right to opposition, the right to limit the purpose and the right to portability according to articles 12-22 of General Data Protection Regulation and applicable national legislation.
Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand why we collect your personal data and how we use them. We hope that everyone will read them carefully.
This policy is related to all of you who buy and use our product or services via our selling points (stores), via telephone, apps or via our website.
Privacy Policy of our Company relating to Personal Data Protection provides detailed information about when and why we collect your personal data, in which way we use them and processing them, and finally for how long we keep them.
Data Collection
When you visit one of our selling points (for example stores, website, social media), we ask you to provide us some information about you.
We ask and collect only the necessary data to achieve the purpose of selling products:
Obligingly: name, surname, postal address, phone number, e-mail
Optionally: password (in case you wish to make an account), notes/comments/reviews on the relevant field of comments in the order and communication form or/and in relevant review forms.
Transactions Data via e-shop (for example payment information)
Probably notes from our telephone communications for clarification about your order or comments and complaints, as well for products which you have probably chosen for a future purchase (for example favorites, wish list)
Purchases you have done in the past and show your interests to allow us to purpose you a personalized purchase.
Finally, it is your choice or not to share with us your data such as history- visiting data in our website or other websites and generally data which are given to us by cookies in the browser.
How we process your personal data
We process your personal data, when we will contract with you or for other purposes, such as:
Product orders: In order to fulfill company’s basic purpose which is selling products. Your data will be held for reasonable period in order to deliver the products and to fulfill probable contractual obligations resulting from sale (for example return, deposits) as required by law.
Make an account: In case you wish to make an account in order to easily watch your purchase history or to inform for company’s news etc.
Communication: We use your personal data in order to manage your request (for example change of shipping address) or any other difficulty, query or question result for the proper order fulfillment or request.
Forwarding your personal data to third parties in order to complete your order (for example courier company who will take delivery of the order).
Sending informative promotional message (newsletter offers, or personalized offers). Of course, you can at any time exclude from newsletter list by clicking on the relevant link at the end of each informative promotional message or if you have chosen to make a personal account, by changing related settings.
Sending research requests in order to improve our offered products, services and the browsing experience in our website.
Guarantees received for protecting your data
When you provide us your personal data, we take actions in order to ensure that they are safely held and managed. In order to protect your personal data, we take sufficient, natural, technical and organizational safety measures. We update and check permanently the security technology that we use. We restrict the access to your personal data only to those employees and to the company stores, which they have to know these data, in order to provide the services you wish. We also train all employees about the significance of confidentiality and safety of your personal data. Among other, we have implemented the following technical and organizational measures and proceedings to protect your personal data from any loss, corruption, illegal processing or alteration:
The access to your personal data is restricted only to authorized people for certain purposes
The access to the IT systems, which are used for processing your data is guaranteed only to authorized people
The access to these IT systems is monitored in order to detect and prevent immediately a non authorized access
Use of information system and programs for computers which have installed in a way which minimizes the use of personal data or/and user’s identification data
Adoption of proceedings that retain personal data and that safely delete/consume them.
Periodic inspection (every 5 years) and deactivation of inactive accounts
Your Rights
According to law about protecting individuals with regard to the processing of personal data (Regulation 2016/679) and on the free movement of such data, you have the possibility to exercise the following rights:
Access and information
You have the right to obtain information about which data we have collected, why we collected them and how long we will hold them.
Rectification
You have the right to ask to correct inaccurate personal data concerning you or to complete further information about you.
Restriction and objection of processing
You have the right to ask to restrict or to object the processing of your personal data if you question the accuracy of the information we hold for you, if you realize that we process your data illegally or if you do not want any more to receive promotional messages for our products and services.
Portability
You have the right to ask to transfer your personal data to another organization for you.
Erasure
You have the right to ask in writing to erase all your personal data, when the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected, or if you wish to withdraw your consent for data processing and if your personal data have been unlawfully processed infringing the regulation about Personal Data Protection.
Lodging a complaint with the competent authority
Finally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent independent authority which is Personal Data Protection Authority, in case of illegal processing of your data.
Co-operating companies- Social media
The company does not transfer to anyone your personal data only in cases where is necessary in order to fulfill her main purpose which is product purchase (for example we have to transfer your data to the courier company in order to deliver your order. It is also possible where permitted by law to transfer them to third parties for transactions fulfillment, for research and promotional actions always with your consent. These third parties may be company supplying services, which provide promotional and research programs via e-mail, questionnaires. The cooperation take place by obey the confidential and safety rules of your personal data, which are used only for fulfill certain services and for a specific time, beyond which these data erase or converted anonymous and only in the form of statistical data.
Source: e-nomika
Close
Menu
Home
Business
Lifestyle
Luxury
Sex
Technology
Travel
Search for: