https://urbanpanda.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
urbanpanda.com is compliant with The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679.
It means that we are open about our methods of tracking and use of the visitors’ personal data, and you can freely check what exactly we’re doing to it.
At urbanpanda.com, we collect:
Your name and surname
Your email address
Your physical address
Your phone number
The data about the browser and device you use to view the store
The way you navigate the store
We gather your contact details because they are necessary to accept and process your orders, and to make sure you’ve got your packages.
We gather the details of your technical equipment and on-site behavior in order to make our store more user-friendly, and to personalize our store services for you (for example, to automatically switch the store to the mobile version.)
Our store works with outer companies that help us provide the best service for you, and these third parties also use some of the personal details you’re leaving. We limit the data they can access to only what is necessary for them to perform their obligations.
Payment services use your credit card number, your name and surname to verify and process your payments for our products
Our manufacturers and stock keepers use the data of your order contents to assemble the necessary package for you
Postal services use your first name, last name, and physical address to arrange the product delivery for you
Mass mailing services use your email address to send you emails (if you have subscribed for them)
If you keep browsing our webstore after reading this Privacy Policy, you give us the consent to use your personal details for the purposes explained above.
If you don’t agree to these terms, please leave the website.
You can email us at support@urbanpanda.com and ask:
To receive the copy of your personal details we have collected
To delete your personal details from our system
To withdraw your consent (if you previously agreed to provide us with the data, but then changed your mind)
We are doing our best to guarantee the security of your personal details while keeping and using them.
Thank you for your cooperation!
Women
Shop on item
Jeans, Pants & Denim
Tops & T-Shirts
Blouses
Hoodies & Sweaters
Jackets, Coats & Blazers
Dresses
Skirts & Shorts
Suits & Sets
Shoes, Pumps & Boots
Basics
Panty’s & Socks
Feelgood Outfits
Intimates
Sleep & Lounge
Sporty Women
Sports Clothing Women
Sport Shoes Women
Swim & Beachwear
Sports Bags
Your Urban Accessories
Baseball Caps
Purses & Wallets
Bags & Backpacks
Women Sunglasses
Jewelry For Women
Watches For Women
Phone Accessories Women
Gloves & Mittens
OUTLET SALE
Men
Shop on item
Jeans, Pants & Denim
Shirts
Hoodies & Sweaters
Suits
T-Shirts
Polo Shirts
Shorts
Jackets & Coats
Shoes, Boots & Accessories
Baseball Caps & Headwear
Basics
Underwear
Socks
Singlets
Feelgood Outfits
Home & Sleepwear
Sporty Men
Sports Clothing Men
Sport Shoes Men
Swimwear
Sports Bags
Your Urban Accessories
Bags & Backpacks Men
Wallets, Key & ID Holders
Men Eyewear & Sunglasses
Men’s Jewelry
Men’s Watches
Phone Accessories Men
Belts & Cummerbunds
Gloves & Scarves
Ties & Handkerchiefs
OUTLET MEN
Sale Women
Sale Men
By using this website you agree to accept our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions Accept
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
A password will be sent to your email address.
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register