https://urbanpanda.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
We provide services to you subject to the notices, terms, and conditions set forth in this agreement. Besides, you will obey the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such services before you use them. We reserve the right to change this site and these terms and conditions at any time.
Before proceeding, please read this agreement because accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Site indicates your agreement to all the terms and conditions in this agreement.
You shall not upload, distribute, or otherwise publish through this Site any Content, information, or other material that (a) includes any bugs, viruses, worms, trap doors, Trojan horses, or other harmful code or properties; (b) is libelous, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic, discriminatory, or could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the laws of the U.S. or the laws of any other country that may apply; or (c)violates or infringes upon the copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights of any person. urbanpanda.com may give you an account identification and password to enable you to access and use certain portions of this Site. Each time you use a password or identification, you are deemed to be authorized to access and use the Site in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of this agreement, and urbanpanda.com has no obligation to investigate the source of any such access or use of the Site.
By accepting these Terms of Use through your use of the Site, you certify that you are 18 years of age or older. If you are under 18 years old please use this Site only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, hereby grants you a limited, revocable, non-transferable, and non-exclusive license to access and use the Site by displaying it on your Internet browser only for the purpose of shopping and not for any commercial use or use on behalf of any third party, except as explicitly permitted by urbanpanda.com in advance. Any violation of this Agreement shall result in the immediate revocation of the license granted in this paragraph without notice to you.
Unless explicitly permitted by our company in advance, all materials, including images, text, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, programs, music clips or downloads, video clips and written and other materials that are part of this Site (collectively, the “Contents”) are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. You may not make any commercial use of any of the information provided on the Site or make any use of the Site for the benefit of another business. We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if we believe that customer conduct violates applicable laws or is harmful to our interests. You may not reproduce, distribute, display, sell, lease, transmit, create derivative works from, translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise exploit this Site or any portion of it unless expressly permitted by our company in writing.
You will be solely responsible for all access to and use of this site by anyone using the password and identification originally assigned to you whether or not such access to and use of this site is actually authorized by you, including without limitation, all communications and transmissions and all obligations (including without limitation financial obligations) incurred through such access or use. You are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification assigned to you. You shall immediately notify  urbanpanda.com of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this Site’s security.
Women
Shop on item
Jeans, Pants & Denim
Tops & T-Shirts
Blouses
Hoodies & Sweaters
Jackets, Coats & Blazers
Dresses
Skirts & Shorts
Suits & Sets
Shoes, Pumps & Boots
Basics
Panty’s & Socks
Feelgood Outfits
Intimates
Sleep & Lounge
Sporty Women
Sports Clothing Women
Sport Shoes Women
Swim & Beachwear
Sports Bags
Your Urban Accessories
Baseball Caps
Purses & Wallets
Bags & Backpacks
Women Sunglasses
Jewelry For Women
Watches For Women
Phone Accessories Women
Gloves & Mittens
OUTLET SALE
Men
Shop on item
Jeans, Pants & Denim
Shirts
Hoodies & Sweaters
Suits
T-Shirts
Polo Shirts
Shorts
Jackets & Coats
Shoes, Boots & Accessories
Baseball Caps & Headwear
Basics
Underwear
Socks
Singlets
Feelgood Outfits
Home & Sleepwear
Sporty Men
Sports Clothing Men
Sport Shoes Men
Swimwear
Sports Bags
Your Urban Accessories
Bags & Backpacks Men
Wallets, Key & ID Holders
Men Eyewear & Sunglasses
Men’s Jewelry
Men’s Watches
Phone Accessories Men
Belts & Cummerbunds
Gloves & Scarves
Ties & Handkerchiefs
OUTLET MEN
Sale Women
Sale Men
By using this website you agree to accept our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions Accept
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
A password will be sent to your email address.
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register