https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__www.ferrarausa.com_privacy-2Dpolicy.html&d=DwIGaQ&c=dPDDGlUGlJe7k2bognQ9ww&r=CSU99O1ASMJnzJ8B44FEDAfSsEBSY8h9xBysmEWosLc&m=Bb2ctmtsrlsZsPMyN61YR38kPnw6oQ5FE5LZ-AK77Xw&s=aKYXAiZhz3nXm6BQELst3SCYJEKKicpMYxSabnA8hiM&e
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Ferrara Candy Company ("Company" or "We") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party; or
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at:
Ferrara Candy Company 404 W. Harrison St., Suite 650Chicago, IL 60607 webservices@ferrarausa.com 708-366-0500
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information");
That is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). See our Privacy Policy for information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on this website and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking.
The information we collect automatically does include personal information. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about products of ours that may be of interest to you. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Ferrara Candy Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held Ferrara Candy Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Ferrara Candy Company, our customers, or others and for purposes of fraud protection.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our products or services, you can opt out at any time by sending us an email stating your request to webservices@ferrarausa.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future promotional emails. This opt out does not apply to our non-promotional emails to you .
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Your California Privacy Rights for more information.
Your California Privacy Rights (Last updated 12/30/19)
California's "shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our App that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to webservices@ferrarausa.com or write us at:
Ferrara Candy Company 404 W. Harrison St., Suite 650 Chicago, IL 60607
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
This section provides information for California residents in connection with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).  Under the CCPA, “Personal Information” generally means information that identifies, relates to, or describes a particular California resident or household and includes the categories listed below.  The following sections provide details about the categories of Personal Information of California residents that we have collected or disclosed during the last 12 months:
Categories of Personal Information Collected.  We collected the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers, such as name, IP address, email address and online identifiers;
Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, such as contact information;
Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history;
Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our websites and applications;
Geolocation data, such as device location; and
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.
Sources of Personal Information.We collect this Personal Information directly from California residents themselves, as well as from third-party business partners.
Business Purposes.We may use this Personal Information to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, and to otherwise accomplish our business purposes and objectives.  Our business purposes and objectives include, for example, developing, improving, and maintaining our products and services; personalizing, advertising, and marketing our products and services; conducting research and data analysis; maintaining our facilities and infrastructure; undertaking quality and safety assurance measures; conducting risk and security control and monitoring; detecting and preventing fraud; performing identity verification; performing accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations; complying with law, legal process, and internal policies; maintaining records; and exercising and defending legal claims.
Disclosures of Personal Information. We disclosed the following categories of Personal Information to third parties, including our affiliates and service providers, for our operational business purposes:
Identifiers, such as name, IP address, email address and online identifiers;
Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, such as contact information;
Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history;
Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our websites and applications;
Geolocation data, such as device location; and
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.
Sales of Personal Information. We have not sold Personal Information. For purposes of this CCPA Notice, “sale” means the disclosure of Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration but does not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business.
If you are a California consumer, you have the following rights:
Right to Know. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information about you; and
The categories of Personal Information about you that we disclosed and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such Personal Information.
Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information we collected from you.
To make a request for the disclosures or deletion described above, please go to www.ferrarausa.com/contact-us.html or call us at 1-800-358-1971.  In some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your request or where an exception applies, such as where the disclosure of Personal Information would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another California resident.
Right to be Free from Discrimination.  You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice for Employees, Job Applicants, Contractors, Owners, Directors, and Officers
Ferrara Candy Company and its affiliates (“we” or “us”) are providing the following details regarding the Personal Information that we collect and use about California residents in the context of their current, former, or potential role as our employees, job applicants, contractors, owners, directors, or officers, including their emergency contacts, dependents, and beneficiaries.  We supply this information consistent with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), which has limited applicability in this context but provides for a privacy notice describing the categories of Personal Information collected and used regarding California residents in the roles listed above.
Under the CCPA, “Personal Information” is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked with a particular California resident or household.
Categories of Personal Information
We collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers, such as name, contact information, online identifiers, IP address, Social Security numbers, and other government-issued ID numbers;
Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, such as name, contact information, education information, employment history, financial information, and medical and medical insurance information;
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as sex, age, race, religion, national origin, disability, medical conditions and information, citizenship, immigration status, request for leave, and marital status;
Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our and other websites and systems;
Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, such as photographs or audio or video recordings created in connection with our business activities;
Professional or employment-related information, such as work history, prior employer, information relating to references, details of qualifications, skills and experience, human resources data, and data necessary for benefits and related administration services;
Education information subject to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act; and
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences, behavior, or characteristics.
Use of Personal Information
We use this Personal Information for the purposes of operating, managing, and maintaining our business, managing our workforce, and accomplishing our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, using Personal Information to:
Manage workforce activities and personnel generally, including for recruitment, performance management, career development, payments administration, employee training, leaves and promotions;
Manage wages and other compensation such as and bonuses and long-term incentives, and provide  healthcare, savings plans, retirement and other benefits;
Maintain and se  cure our facilities, equipment, systems, and infrastructure;
Undertake quality and safety assurance measures, protect the health and safety of our workforce and others, and conduct risk and security control and monitoring;
Conduct research, analytics, and data analysis to assist in planning succession and to ensure business continuity, as well as to design employee retention programs and diversity initiatives;
Perform identity verification, accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations;
Operate and manage IT and communications systems and facilities, allocate company assets and human resources, and undertake strategic planning and project management; and
Comply with law, legal process, internal policies and other requirements such as income tax deductions, record-keeping and reporting obligations, and exercise and defend legal claims.
Contact Us
Please contact andrew.oppenheimer@ferrarausa.com if you have any questions regarding this CCPA Notice.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Ferrara Candy Company 404 W. Harrison St., Suite 650 Chicago, IL 60607 webservices@ferrarausa.com or via our toll-free number: 800-358-1971
Ferrara Candy Company Social Media House Rules
We’re glad you took the time to visit one of our social media pages – we want to hear from you and encourage comments, questions, suggestions and feedback. While engaging on any one of our online channels, we ask that you respect other people’s opinions, avoid profane, offensive or illegal content, stay on topic and protect your own personal information.
Below you’ll find our rules of the road for communicating and behaving on social media pages and online channels owned by Ferrara Candy Company:
Be Kind: We all share a love for candy so please treat each other with respect. We won’t tolerate personal attacks, bullying or threatening posts. This content will be deleted immediately.
Keep it Clean: No profane, vulgar or otherwise inappropriate language. We share delight in every bite of our products and we hope you can help us share that vision on our pages. Offensive language will not be tolerated.
Remain On Topic: Please don’t spam. Irrelevant posts may be removed. Any posts encouraging illegal activity will be deleted and flagged to the social platform and proper authorities.
Own Your Content: Your posts should be original. If you don’t have rights to share the content on our pages, please don’t. Remember, you are responsible for what you post.
Your Personal Information is Yours: Please don’t post any personal information on our pages. If you do, it will be removed for your security.
We reserve the right to remove any posts that don’t adhere to the guidelines above or the guidelines of the social media platform you are posting on. We strive to respond to as many relevant questions and comments as possible, but may not respond to every message or post we receive.
It’s important to note that postings on our various social brand pages are not representative of the opinions of the brand or Ferrara Candy Company, nor do we confirm the accuracy of postings to our pages from users.
We know you post great content. From time to time, Ferrara Candy Company may repurpose original user generated content in our marketing materials. If so, we will contact you for permission to reuse and always provide proper credit.
Take the time to explore all of our official social media pages and online channels. You'll find some of your favorite treats and learn about some you've never tried! Questions? Please drop us a line.