https://uroweb.org/eau-privacy-policy/
EAU Privacy Policy
The EAU respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the confidentiality of your personal information. This document explains how the EAU collects and uses personal data, and how the EAU protects your privacy. It also explains how you can manage your own personal information held in the EAU system through ‘My EAU’ on www.uroweb.org.
Personal Information
The EAU is an association that combines a wide range of activities in the field of urology, including:
Provision of Membership Services
Collection and dissemination of scientific information
Provision of Products and Services
This may require the handling of personal information of the individuals involved in these activities and hence the EAU collects personal information in a number of ways from a number of sources. The sources of personal information received by the EAU are:
The individuals themselves;
Third parties acting on behalf of individuals (e.g. an agent arranging registration or hotel accommodation for an EAU congress/meeting);
Affiliated Urological Associations providing details of their Members;
The ways in which the EAU collects personal information are:
When you register personal details when creating or updating a ‘My EAU’ account on the EAU Web Site;
When you, or an agent on your behalf, enter personal details on a form requesting an EAU product or service (e.g. when registering for an EAU organised meeting or online education activity);
When you, or someone on your behalf, submits proposals or content in connection with scientific sessions at an EAU organised Congress or meeting (e.g. Abstracts submission);
When you enter personal details on a form applying to become a Fellow of the EAU, or Member of one of the EAU constituent bodies (such as an EAU Office)
When you subscribe to EAU newsletters per email
What personal information is collected by the EAU
This policy applies to personal information held about individuals. It does not apply to information the EAU holds about companies and other organisations.
Mandatory personal information
As a general rule, to enable the EAU to correctly identify you, to provide you with the products and services you have requested and to communicate with you, the following minimum information must be provided in order for your order, request, application, etc. to be processed:
Title, First Name(s), Family Name(s)
Full Postal Address
Email address
Other personal information may be requested to help identification (e.g. date of birth), to contact you in case of need (telephone), or to enable the EAU to understand your profile so you can be provided with better and more appropriate products and services (e.g. Professional Activities and Fields of Interest).
Email address
In order to be able to communicate with you directly, the EAU needs your email address. You are therefore required to supply your email address when you create your MyEAU account on the EAU website, which enables you to access a variety of services online.
Credit card information
Credit card information, along with other information required to process financial transactions, is collected at the time of your order, request or application, and is used only for the purposes of that particular transaction. For your protection, the credit card information is not retained in the EAU system for later use for any other transactions.
How the EAU uses personal information
Personal information is needed by the EAU to enable it to properly fulfil its role in providing a wide range of services to its Members, contributors and customers.
Your personal information may be used to:
Enable the EAU to provide you with the products or services you request;
Enable the EAU to communicate about your membership;
Enable the EAU to send you information about EAU activities which are of interest to you
How long is my personal information kept?
As a general rule, personal information is kept a reasonable period of time, dependent upon the nature of the information and its intended use. If you are an EAU Member, your information will be kept in the EAU system even if you do not use EAU products or services during that time.
Unique email address
For your convenience and security, your email address is unique to you in the system. You are strongly recommended to use an email address which is personal to you and that is not shared with others. This is to ensure that communications which are sent to you personally are not read by others, and that others do not gain access to the information in your ‘My EAU’ account.
Additionally, the unique email permits automated retrieval of your log-in details, which are sent to your personal email address.
Email privacy
The EAU respects the privacy of personal email addresses and complies with the current legislation on email communication. The objective is to not send you unwanted messages, and your email details will not be passed on to any other individual or organisation without your explicit permission.
The EAU may send you emails concerning:
Products and services in your field of interest
If you are a member or have subscribed to our mailing list, updates of the organisation and of urology in general (call for application for scholarships, abstracts, grants and more)
You can manage the extent to which the EAU communicates with you by indicating your interest via your ‘My EAU’ account. All mailings sent to you offer the possibility to unsubscribe.
If you indicate that you do not wish to receive emails from the EAU, you will only receive emails directly related to the transactions you have with the EAU (e.g. confirmations of registrations, etc.) and other necessary individual communications.
This general policy is in addition to any specific policies concerning specific products or services. It may be amended at any time.
Right to access your personal information
You have the absolute right to access, amend, and oppose the use of your personal data. When you visit ‘MyEAU’ you have direct control over the information in your personal profile. You can access and change this information at any time from your ‘MyEAU’ environment.
If you want to know exactly what personal information the EAU keeps on file, you can obtain it. If it transpires that the information is inaccurate, or you wish to oppose its use in future, the EAU will make the necessary amendments and confirm that these have been made. Please contact the EAU in either of the following ways:
Online through our ‘Contact Us’ page.
In writing to:
European Association of Urology – Data Privacy
PO Box 30016
NL-6803 AA Arnhem
THE NETHERLANDS
How to access your personal information
‘MyEAU’ enables you to manage your personal information held by the EAU. If you are a member of the EAU or have used EAU products and services, a record will already exist for you which you can potentially access by logging in online through:
Use of your existing login details (username and password), if you have already used the EAU online services ‘MyEAU);
The ‘Retrieve your password or username’ feature which, if your email address is recognised, will automatically send details of your username or a newly generated password (for your protection) to the email address given;
Alternatively, you can simply create a new ‘MyEAU’ account when asked for login information. The EAU does not permit more than one ‘MyEAU’ account per person to avoid confusion. So, if an account already exists for you in the EAU system, your new account will be matched to it (normally within two working days, but longer during the EAU Congress period for technical reasons).
When matched, Membership and other information regarding products and services used (e.g. subscriptions) will be transferred to your new account, and previous personal details held in the EAU system will be replaced by the new ones you entered.
Managing your personal information
Once logged in to your ‘MyEAU’ account, you can easily view and update your personal details, email address, username and password.
Additionally, you can manage your preferences on how you would like to be kept informed by email of EAU activities, products and services. By providing optional information about your professional activities and interests we are able to understand your needs better, and improve our services to you and to the urological community in general.
Disclosure of Information
The EAU complies with European Commission’s (EC) directives and is registered under the laws of The Netherlands, and takes all reasonable care to prevent any unauthorised access to your personal data. The EAU staff and contractors have a responsibility to keep your information confidential.
The EAU does not sell, trade, or rent out your personal information to others. The EAU may supply your information to its contractors to perform specific services (such as to the publishers to deliver EAU journals). Otherwise, the EAU does not disclose personal information to any other person or organisation without your consent.
If you are a delegate at an EAU congress or meeting, and you visit exhibiting company stands, presenting your badge may enable them to retrieve the following personal data: first name(s), last name(s), address, telephone, fax, email, and professional activity information.
Data Security
To protect your information, the EAU uses an industry standard security protocol called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt the transmission of sensitive information between you and our website.
SSL is used, for example, when you register for meetings or make a credit card payment. To know if transmissions are encrypted, look for the lock on your web browser or check that the URL starts with https://.
Use of Cookies
All websites are required by law to ask your consent to place or retrieve files from any device you might use to browse the web. These files, called cookies are used by most websites in many different ways, including enabling you to login, enabling quick registration to meetings, and generally personalising your web experience.
They can also be used to keep track of the pages visited on the EAU website, which gives the EAU important insights into the quality of our services, enabling us to improve and better meet your needs. The EAU will not use this information to present advertising and other messages relevant to your browsing history.
If you decide to not accept the cookies, you will have access to the various online services offered by the EAU, but your details won’t be saved. This means you have to re-enter your details every time you log in on your MyEAU account.
External Links
The EAU website, Uroweb.org contains links to other websites. Please be aware that the EAU is not responsible for the privacy policies of other sites. You are therefore encouraged to read the privacy policies of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by the EAU.
Your Comments
If you any further questions about the EAU Privacy and Security Policy or its implementation, or if at any time you believe that the EAU has not adhered to the principles stated in this Policy, please contact us or lodge a complaint with a local supervisory authority.
×