https://us.bicworld.com/legal-notice
Skip to main content
Search
Legal Notice
We hope you’ll find our website useful, informative and fun. Please visit often and tell your friends about us. All we ask in return is that you abide by the Terms and Conditions that follow. Please read them carefully, because when you use our site, you automatically agree to them.
BIC maintains its websites as a service to the Internet community. Access to and use of www.bicworldusa.com (the “Site”) is subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and all applicable laws. BIC may revise these terms and conditions from time to time by updating this posting. You should read these terms and conditions carefully before using the Site. By accessing or using this Site or otherwise indicating your consent, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions and the documents referred to in them or any additional conditions that you will be requested to accept if you choose to use certain services. If you do not agree with or accept any of these terms, you should cease using the Site immediately.
These terms include our Privacy Policy, available at www.bicworldusa.com, which shall be subject to these terms in the event of any conflict or inconsistency.  We seek to make this Site as accessible as possible.
The entire content (images and text) of the Site is copyrighted and may not be distributed, downloaded, modified, edited, reused, reposted, reproduced, transmitted, performed, displayed or otherwise used by any mechanical or electronic means, except as provided herein or as specifically permitted on the Site.
BIC will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, but BIC makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy (whether expressly or by implication) or that any content is or remains available, accurate, complete and up to date, free from bugs, errors or omissions or fit or suitable for any purpose. All users agree that all access and use of the Site and the content thereof is at your own risk and BIC may suspend or terminate operation of the Site at any time at our sole discretion. Neither BIC nor any party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access, use or inability to use the Site, or any errors or omissions in the content thereof. Content on the Site is provided for your general information purposes only and to inform you about us and our products and news, features, services and other websites, which may be of interest.
BIC makes no warranties or representations about any non-BIC website which you may access.  BIC has no control over links made to BIC websites by third parties. When you access a non-BIC website, please understand that it is independent from BIC. BIC cannot monitor or review the content of all websites and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of such off-site pages.
Furthermore, BIC does not endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or the use of a third-party website that has linked to the BIC website. We have no control over the privacy practices of websites that have linked to the Site. You should review BIC’s privacy statement and the privacy policy of any website linked to the Site. It is up to each user to take whatever precautions are necessary to ensure Internet use which is free of offensive materials. Your linking to any off-site pages is at your own risk.
The Site is for your personal use. By accessing BIC websites, each user also agrees:
(a) not to post or transmit any offensive, harmful, unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, abusive, hateful, inflammatory, discriminatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or would otherwise violate the law (BIC reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate in cases where BIC websites are used to disseminate such materials.);
(b) not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any communication or content of any type that infringes or violates any rights of any third party (including but not limited to, trademark right, copyright, or other personal right, etc.);
(c) not to use the Site to distribute viruses or malware or other similar harmful software code;
(d) not to represent or suggest that we endorse any other business, product or service unless we have separately agreed to do so in writing; and
(e) you are solely responsible for all costs and expenses you may incur in relation to your use of the Site.
Please be advised that all trademarks, logos, designs, product names, whether or not appearing in large print or with trademark symbols, are either the property of, or are being used with permission by, BIC, its affiliates, subsidiaries and related companies or its licensors or joint venture partners. The trademarks and logos displayed on the Site are trademarks of BIC. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting any expressed or implied license or right to use any trademark displayed on the Site. BIC does not warrant or represent that your use of materials displayed on this Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with BIC. The distribution, downloading, editing, modification, reuse, reproduction, reposting, transmission, performance, display or other uses of these trademarks or any other materials, except as permitted herein or as specifically permitted on the Site, is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of copyright law, trademark law, the law of slander or libel, the law of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Further, please be advised that BIC actively and aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. We reserve the right to prevent or suspend your access to the Site if you do not comply with any part of these terms and conditions or any applicable law and to take such action as it deems appropriate in cases where BIC websites are used to disseminate materials in contravention of the prohibitions set out above.
These terms and conditions shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws in effect within the country from where you are accessing the website. These terms and conditions are dated as of the date set out below.
No changes to these terms are valid or have any effect unless agreed by us in writing. We reserve the right to vary these terms and conditions from time to time. Our new terms will be displayed on the Site and by continuing to use and access the Site following such changes, you agree to be bound by any variation made by us. It is your responsibility to check these terms and conditions from time to time to verify such variations.
You agree that you will not upload, post or otherwise transmit any communications or content of any type that infringe or violate any rights of any party.  If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe any material available via the Site infringes a copyright, you should notify BIC using the notice procedure for claimed infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. Section 512(c)(2) (“DMCA”).  Upon BIC’s receipt of a proper notice of claimed infringement under DMCA, BIC will respond expeditiously to remove or disable access to the material claimed to be infringing and will follow the procedures of the DMCA.
BIC’s Designated Agent to whom you should address infringement notices under the DMCA is:
Service Provider:  BIC USA Inc.
Name of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement:  Copyright Agent
Full Address of Designated Agent to which Notification Should be Sent:  1 BIC Way, Suite #1, Shelton, CT 06484.
Telephone Number of Designated Agent:  (203) 783-2000
Facsimile Number of Designated Agent:  (203) 783-2108
E-Mail Address of Designated Agent:  copyright@bicworld.com
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:
a. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
b. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing with enough detail so that BIC may locate the material;
c. A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
d. A statement by you declaring under penalty or perjury that:  (1) the information in the notification is accurate; (2) that you are the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed or you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner;
e. Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, including your address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted; and
f. Your physical or electronic signature.
EDITOR - HOSTING
Editor
SOCIETE BIC
Share capital: 181 542 184.24 euros
552 008 443 RCS Nanterre
Head office :
14, rue Jeanne d’Asnières
92611 Clichy cedex, France
Tel. : 33(0)1 45 19 52 00
Fax. : 33(0)1 45 19 52 99
bic.contact@bicworld.com
VAT : FR 19 552 008 443
Chief editor : Claire Gerard
Site Hosting
Liquid Web Inc.
4210 S Creyts Road
Lansing, MI 48917-99526, US
tel: 800.580.4985
http://liquidweb.com