https://us.looptackle.com/terms-conditions/
Shop
Fly Rods
Single Hand Rods
Double Hand Rods
Switch Rods
Fly Fishing Kits
Show all
Fly Reels
Classic Reel
Opti Reel
Evotec G4 Reel
Q-Reel
Spare Spools
Show All
Fly Lines
Single Hand Lines
Double Hand Lines
Switch Lines
SDS Shooting Head Kits & Tips
Shooting Heads
Running & Shooting Lines
Skagit
Tippet & Leaders
Show all
Fishing Accessories
Fly Boxes & Tools
Sunglasses
Tippet & Leaders
Hooks
Stickers
Show all
Clothing
Jackets
Sweaters
Pants
T-Shirts & Shirts
Outer Shells
Mid layer
Base layer
Casual Wear
Show all
Outdoor & Travel Accessories
Bags & Travel
Headwear
Sunglasses
Stickers
Show all
Outlet Store
Fly Fishing Tackle
Clothing
Show all
Gift Card
Fly fishing
Outdoor gear
Loop Aktiv
Outlet Store
My account
About Loop
Privacy policy
Shipping & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Warranty & Repairs
Worldwide shipping
Free shipping on orders over $100 Express shipping
Terms & Conditions
General
These terms and condition (the “Terms”) apply between LOOP Tackle Design AB, corporate identity number 556225-0471 (“LOOP Tackle Design”, “we”, “our” or “us”) and you who make an order from us via the website www.looptackle.com (the “Website”). The terms apply only to you who are consumers and who carry out your order and thus buy a product from us via the Website.
In addition to the Terms, our privacy policy also applies, which can be found here. In our privacy policy you can read about how we process your personal data when you shop from us.
You must be 18 years or older, and not under guardianship, to place an order on the Website. If you are under the age of 18, or under guardianship, you may only place an order with the consent of your custodian(s).
Order and conclusion of contract
In order to make a purchase via the Website, you must accept the Terms.
Upon receipt of the order, we will send an order confirmation to you as soon as possible by email confirming the order. Purchase agreements are only concluded when we have confirmed the order in writing and you have received the order confirmation by e-mail.
We reserve the right to refuse an order, for example, if you have entered incorrect information or the order can not be met due to end sales.
Prices and payment
When ordering, prices quoted on the Website are stated at the time of the order, unless otherwise expressly agreed or if circumstances do not obviously cause otherwise. All prices include current VAT for orders within the EU, Canada and in United States where Loop Tackle AB has nexus. For orders outside the EU, Canada and United States where Loop Tackle AB has nexus we do not collect sales tax, and you are responsible for remitting the appropriate amount of tax if so required. Prices do not include any payment and shipping charges, which are listed separately. The total price of the order will be displayed before you complete the order and in the order confirmation.
We strive for the Website to contain the correct information as far as possible. However, we reserve that the site may contain typographical errors and incorrect prices and we are not bound by prices that you realized or should have realized were incorrect. If an incorrect price has been specified for an ordered product, we will notify you and wait for any approval of the corrected price before the order is considered approved.
You can pay for your purchase through the payment options and according to the separate payment terms listed on the Website. We reserve the right not always to offer any payment method or change payment method if what you selected for some reason does not work at the time of purchase.
Loyalty points and rewards: Loyalty points can be earned from full retail price items and are valid for 12 months from the date they are earned. You must be logged in to earn loyalty points on orders. Loyalty points can not be earned or redeemed on outlet store items.
Delivery
Shipping costs will be added upon order unless otherwise stated in connection with your order. More information about which delivery options we offer can be found on the Website. Please note that restrictions on the different options may occur.
Unless otherwise agreed, delivery shall be made within 30 days from us confirming the order in writing by order confirmation. Please note that delivery times are approximate and deviations from these may occur. If your order is delayed, you will receive a message about this.
Before delivery, you will receive a notification indicating when and when your order will be picked up or received. You are responsible for receiving or redeeming your order for the time specified in the notice. Packages are primarily collected personally with valid identification and order number. For unpaid orders, we have the right to charge a fee for our handling cost of the order and for the return shipping to us, $60 for Swedish orders and $65 for orders made outside Sweden
Product information
We reserve for the final sale of products as well as any image or writing errors on the Website, in advertisements or other promotional material as well as product descriptions. We have the right to correct such errors, change or update information on the Website and to continuously make product changes and improvements on the Website.
Images on the Website that show products, in advertisements and other promotional material should be considered for illustrative purposes only and not specification of the product’s features, features, origin or warranty. We are not responsible for information on the Website that comes from a third party.
The content on the Website is protected by copyright. Product names and logos may also be protected by trademark law or under market law. This means that trademarks, company names, product names, images, texts, layouts, and information about products, services and other content may not be copied or used without the prior written consent from us.
Right of withdrawal
You have a right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reason. The withdrawal period will expire 14 days from the day on which you acquire, or a third party other than the carrier and indicated by you. To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform us of your decision to withdraw from this contract by an unequivocal statement (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or e-mail). You may use this model withdrawal form, but it is not obligatory. You find our contact details below.
To meet the withdrawal deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period has expired.
If you withdraw from this contract, we shall reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the supplementary costs resulting from your choice of a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us), without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw from this contract. We will carry out such reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement. We may withhold reimbursement until we have received the goods back or you have supplied evidence of having sent back the goods, whichever is the earliest.
You shall send back the goods or hand them over to us, without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which you communicate your withdrawal from this contract to us. The deadline is met if you send back the goods before the period of 14 days has expired.
You will have to bear the direct cost of returning the goods. The cost is estimated at a maximum of approximately $50.
You are only liable for any diminished value of the goods resulting from the handling other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods.
Complaints
When ordering through the Website, you are always entitled to file a complaint within three years of the date you received the product. If you wish to file a complaint in the product, contact us as soon as possible after the error has been discovered. In order for the complaint to be valid, it must always be done within a reasonable time after you notice or should have noticed the error. A complaint made within two months of the fault being detected is always considered to be made within a reasonable period of time.
We recommend that you check the products when you receive them and that you report any damage to the packaging directly to the carrier or delivery point and record the damage to the freight handling.
You can return an incorrect product by returning it to us at the address listed on the Website. You are responsible for the condition of the returned product from receiving the product until we receive it. We therefore recommend that the product be shipped in original packaging and well packaged with traceable shipment. We do not redeem any products returned by postage or postpay.
Once we have received the product and found that the complaint is valid, we will replace you in accordance with applicable law. This means that the error will be rectified or that we will replace the wrong product with a new one. If this is not possible or if we otherwise considers it more cost effective, we may instead repay the amount you paid for your order including the return cost. Please note that we are entitled to refuse a complaint if it is found that the product is not incorrect in accordance with applicable law and, in such case, we do not repay any expenses for return shipping.
Other
We may, from time to time, carry out promotions, discount codes and other offers for different products (“Offers”). For products covered by such Offers, the preferential price or the favorable terms apply for the limited period specified in connection with the Offer in question or as long as the stock is sufficient. Otherwise, these Terms apply. Offers can not be combined with other discounts unless explicitly stated otherwise. Upon termination or revocation of the Offer, these Terms shall apply in full to the products previously included in the Offer.
We may change these Terms at any time, but the changes that you approved at the time of your purchase always apply to that purchase. All changes will be reflected in the most recently published version of the Terms on the Website. Changes will come into effect from accepting the Terms, that is, when you make a new purchase.
If you have questions regarding complaints, your right of withdrawal or other questions concerning your order, please see our contact details below.
If you reside in the European Union and have a complaint you may submit such through the EU’s web based platform for dispute resolution, which may be reached at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.
Company information
LOOP Tackle Design AB
Corporate identity number: 556225-0471
VAT no: SE556225047101
Address:Landsvägen 30, 192 72 Sollentuna, Sweden
E-mail address: info@looptackle.se
Phone number: 0854410190
Effective as of 22/4/2019
Customer service
Shipping & Returns
Warranty & Repairs
Loop European Warranty
Loop North America & Worldwide Warranty
Sizing guide
Loop Aktiv
Log in
Loop Aktiv
About Loop Tackle
About Loop
Education
Loop Aktiv
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok