http://us.msasafety.com/privacyPolicy
Contact Us
Where to Buy
Stay Informed
Home  / Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
MSA Safety Data Privacy Statement LAST UPDATED: JUNE 28, 2020 MSA Safety Incorporated and its affiliated companies ("MSA", also "we") owns this website and its subpages and the webpages of its affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Website"). The intended use of the Website is for business to business purposes. When we refer to "you" or "your," we mean the person accessing this Website. If the person accessing this Website does so on behalf of, or for the purposes of, another person, such as a business or other organization, "you" or "your" also means that other person, including a business organization. As "The Safety Company", safety is in our DNA. We help our customers make informed decisions, reinforce best practices and pursue a safety-first, injury-free workforce. Consistent with these principles, safeguarding your privacy is very important to us. We take the protection and safety of your personal information seriously and are committed to maintaining its confidentiality, availability and integrity of information and data as part of our business process. We strive to ensure that personal information collected by us is processed by us strictly in accordance with applicable law. OBJECTIVE AND SCOPE This MSA Data Privacy Notice ("Privacy Notice") provides transparency about any personal information that may be processed by MSA. The purpose of this Privacy Notice is to comply with applicable law and demonstrate our commitment to privacy. This statement generally describes MSA’s practices towards personal information collected from and about you - whether through the Website or offline, to sell products or services, to communicate with us, or to perform a contract - and our information sharing practices, including the content, services, applications and related activities conducted through the Website.
Notwithstanding the above, this Privacy Notice is not intended for MSA associates. CONTROLLER MSA The Safety Company Group is headquartered at 1000 Cranberry Woods Drive, Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania 16066, United States, and is the controller of the data processing for the administration of this Website. You can find information about MSA’s management and leadership at: http://investors.msasafety.com/management. To identify the MSA entity responsible for the processing of any specific personal information, you can consult the list of our locations on our public website, ask your MSA business contact, or contact our Global Privacy Team at privacy@msasafety.com. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION For the avoidance of doubt, except where specifically stated otherwise, this Privacy Notice defines "personal information" generally as any information relating to an identifiable individual. Personal information that MSA may collect includes any personal information that we are authorized to collect, which may include, but is not limited to, the following:
Contact information to help us communicate with you. Examples include name, address, telephone number, title, username, employer, and e-mail.
Online identifiers to help us optimize and improve your browser experience. Examples include IP address, user settings, location, etc.
Relationship or transactional information to help us understand our history, who you are, your relationship to MSA or our channel partners, and what MSA products or services might benefit you. Examples include user preferences, business information, creditworthiness, purchasing information, inquiries, customer accounts, demographic information, etc. Payment or financial information to pay for our products or services. One is example is your credit card number.
Personal information incidental to the functioning of our products, where authorized and/or legally permissible. For example, personal information that is generated by, collected by, or stored in MSA equipment or any hardware or device interfacing with such equipment. Examples could include geolocation data, user settings or preferences, breathing rates in SCBA apparatus, etc.
BASIS AND PURPOSE OF PROCESSING MSA may process personal data in accordance with applicable law. Some reasons that MSA might process your personal information include without limitation:
To sell or provide you or your customer a product or service To enable communications and interactions between MSA and you (e.g., product support)
To market MSA products and services, including through promotions or surveys For MSA’s own internal business purposes, such as researching or evaluating our products or services
For legal, safety or security reasons, such as to comply with legal requirements or protect our associates, customers, intellectual property, etc.
For any other purpose that is related to the foregoing, compatible with applicable law, and/or for which you provide consent
Where consistent with the purposes described above, MSA may share your information with persons and entities other than the MSA entity that originally collected it. For example, MSA may share your personal information with our affiliates, third-party service providers, and business partners like authorized distributors. MSA may also share your personal information with others for legal, safety, or security purposes; to protect our rights; to enable business transactions; to fulfill our business purposes; or to enforce or apply our agreements, policies, or terms of use.
In each case, we seek to avoid sharing more personal information than is necessary to fulfill the purpose of sharing, and in accordance with applicable law. We may also anonymize or aggregate personal information to share with third parties for any purpose. COMPLIANCE WITH THE CHILD ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT (COPPA) We refrain from knowingly collecting or maintaining personal information relating to any person under the age of 18. Do not supply personal information to the Website if you are under the age of 18. Your parent or guardian should contact us at privacy@msasafety.com if you are under the age of 18 and have provided personal information to MSA. NOTICE TO EU RESIDENTS MSA’s Corporate Headquarters are in Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania, USA. Accordingly, this Privacy Statement, and the Website, are hosted in the United States. If you are visiting this Website from outside of the United States, your information is being transferred to, stored or processed in the United States and other countries where our data center and servers are located and operated. If you are outside of the United States and do not wish to allow the transfer of your personal information to the United States, you should not use this Site and opt-out of the collection of cookies. For more information on the respective safeguards provided to data subjects that reside in the EU, please see the EU Data Privacy Statement below. CONTACT MSA has a Global Privacy Contact Team and, where required by local law, a Data Protection Officer (DPO). General privacy-related inquiries, including any questions about this Privacy Notice, can be directed to privacy@msasafety.com. EU residents can contact GDPR@msasafety.com. For any data subject making requests under this Privacy Notice, we may require you to provide us with sufficient information to identify yourself. Any such information you provide shall be used only for this purpose. MSA WEBSITE: PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Every time you access this Website, it collects various data and information that are then stored in the log files of the server. The data collected may include the (1) browser types and versions used, (2) operating system used by the party accessing the Website, (3) the website from which an accessing system has reached our Website (known as a referrer), (4) the sub-sites on our Website which are accessed via an accessing system, (5) the date and time of an access to the Website, (6) an Internet Protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system and (8) other similar data and information, including data aimed at risk prevention in the case of an attack on our IT systems. The information that we collect is required (1) to correctly display the content of our Website, (2) to optimize the content of our Website as well as the advertisements we display, (3) to ensure the ongoing functionality of our IT systems and the technology relating to our Website, and (4) to provide the necessary information to law enforcement in the event of a cyber-attack. Another crucial reason that we collect such information is to increase data protection and data security at our company to ultimately ensure the best possible level of protection for personal information processed by us.
We erase personal information as soon as it is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected. For example, if we collect your IP address for the reasons stated above, we only store it on our web server for a period of seven days, and our backup systems only store the IP address for four weeks. "STAY INFORMED" You have the option to receive company news, industry resources and product information from us via e-mail by signing up through our "Stay informed" feature. We will not use or sell your e-mail address for any other purpose except as authorized by you.
NEWSLETTERS We also offer you the opportunity to subscribe to newsletters through this Website or other marketing tools. Data provided during newsletter registration will be used only for the purposes of sending out the newsletter unless you have provided consent for other uses, such as receiving other advertising or information related to MSA. You can cancel the newsletter subscription at any time by using the unsubscribe option provided in the newsletter. CAREER PORTAL Part of our Website is the MSA Career Portal. The main purpose of the MSA Career Portal is to support our recruitment and hiring process, and you can apply for jobs directly through the portal. Any personal information we collect during the application process will be used exclusively for employment-related purposes. In the application process that is operated via the MSA Career Portal we collect, process and use the data provided by you, such as contact details, resume, CV, proof of qualifications, and experience. We employ reasonable security measures to keep this data confidential. Your personal information will be used and stored exclusively for recruitment and hiring purposes in MSA’s applicant tracking system connected to the MSA Career Portal. In considering you for employment at our company or for a specific job, your personal information may be transferred to, stored and/or processed by MSA, its affiliates abroad, and/or third-party partners on their behalf, in countries that may be outside of the applicant’s resident country (e.g., an applicant in the EU or Canada may have their personal information may be transferred to the U.S. as part of our Career Portal administration), but always under obligations of confidentiality, availability and integrity.
Note that MSA will only use your personal information to evaluate your application for a specific position selected by you, unless you provide your consent to use your personal information to consider you for other relevant job postings within MSA. If you are offered a job, the personal information we received through the MSA Career Portal is transferred to a personnel file and subsequently erased from the application system. If you are not offered a job, your data is erased from the application system six months after the position has been filled or when you have revoked your consent. SOCIAL PLUGINS MSA uses social plugins for social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, youtube, linkedin and Instagram. When you visit our website, these social plugins are deactivated by default. Without your intervention, no data will be sent to these respective social networks. You can activate a social plugin while visiting the website by clicking on the respective social media icons that appear on our various subpages. Once the social plugin is activated, a direct link to the server of the selected social network is established. The contents of the button are then transmitted from the social network directly to your browser which then incorporates it in the website. Please note that a social network may be able to retrieve data independently of whether you interact with the social plugin button or not. If you are logged on to a social network, the network can assign your visit to the website through your social network user account. A social network cannot assign a visit to other websites unless and until you activate the respective button there as well. If you want to prevent the combination of data retrieved from your visit to our website with your membership data, you will need to log out from the social network concerned prior to activating any social plugin buttons. MSA can neither influence nor control the extent or scope data that is collected by social networks through their plugin buttons. Please refer to the data privacy statements of the respective social networks for such information. WEB ANALYTICS AND COOKIES MSA uses web analytics, cookies and tracking pixels to enhance your browsing experience. These tools are may be required for certain functionality of the site and are used to collect statistical information about the use of the site and to save preferences for your convenience. Some of these tools may also be temporarily used to serve you content regarding relevant marketing campaigns. In general, the used tools and its purpose are:
Functional (or required) tools:
Remember your country and language selection
Remember your login information Maintain your logged in session
Tracking tools:
Collect anonymous information about the usage of our Website help us make improvements to our Website based on how our visitors interact with it
Targeting tools:
Display our campaigns to you on other websites
You can prevent the storage of cookies and tracking via tracking pixels and changing browser settings. Should you choose to disable or delete tools using your preferred browser's settings, please be aware that some pages or functions may not perform as intended. Please use the "Help" feature in your browser for more information. GOOGLE ADWORDS CONVERSION TRACKER Google adwords Conversion Tracking is not used for personal identification, but exclusively for statistical purposes to understand how Google ads attract users to our Website. As an adwords customer, we use the Google Conversion Tracking function.
To find out more about Google adwords Conversion Tracking and the processing of personal information, please use the following link: https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/93148 GOOGLE ANALYTICS We have the Google Analytics component (with anonymization function) integrated on this Website. Google Analytics is a web-analytics service that we use to collect, compile and analyze data about the behavior of visitors to websites. We primarily use this tool to optimize user experience of our website and understand the effectiveness of our advertising.
To find out more about Google Analytics and the processing of personal information, please use the following link: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?Hl=en LINKEDIN MARKETING SOLUTION (CONVERSION TRACKING) We have the linkedin Marketing Solution component Conversion Tracking integrated on this Website. This solution helps us generate leads for candidates and optimize our talent acquisition process.
To find out more, please use the following link: https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/87080/linkedin-marketing-solutions-and-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr-?Lang=en MARKETO LEAD MANAGEMENT We have the Marketo Lead Management integrated on this Website. Marketo and its affiliate companies collect statistical data on the use of our Website and helps us optimize our offerings accordingly, as well as to operate e-mail marketing and other information submitted through our Website. For EU residents, if you register for an event, request the newsletter or other information, or otherwise provide us with personal information through a registration form operated via Marketo, the registration form will ask you to consent to the processing of your personal information. Marketo also uses cookies and tracking pixels. Marketo is part of Adobe Inc.
To find out more about Marketo and the processing of personal information, please use the following link: https://www.marketo.com/company/trust/gdpr/ ORACLE ADDTHIS We have the AddThis social bookmarking integrated on this Website. AddThis is a social bookmarking service that can be integrated into a website with the use of a web widget. Once the widget is added, visitors to the website can bookmark or share an item using a variety of social media services. The service operated under the Oracle Corporation. AddThis allows users to opt-out of their tracking tools via their corporate website. To find out more about AddThis and the processing of personal information, please use the following link: https://datacloudoptout.oracle.com/ ADOBE MARKETING CLOUD (ADOBE DYNAMIC TAG MANAGER) We have the Adobe Dynamic Tag Manager integrated on this Website. It provides us tremendous flexibility and control to implement and optimize digital experiences and solve standard tag management problems. This enables us to identify specific users and audience segments on our Website and immediately deliver of segment-specific content experience-based reporting that might appeal to them.
To find out more about Adobe Dynamic Tag Manager and the processing of personal information, please use the following link: https://www.adobe.com/privacy/experience-cloud.html MICROSOFT BING ADS We have Microsoft Bing Ads services integrated on this Website. We use Microsoft Bing Ads to promote our business online. To more effectively market our product or service, we use a cookie to record the completion of your transaction.
To find out more about Microsoft Bing Ads and the processing of personal information, please use the following link: https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/microsoft-advertising-privacy-policy FACEBOOK FOR DEVELOPERS (FACEBOOK CONNECT) We have Facebook Connect integrated on this Website. Facebook Connect is a single sign-on application which allows Facebook users to interact on other websites through their Facebook account. When a user chooses to access a protected content through Facebook Connect, they allow that website to retrieve information they have given to Facebook, including their full name, pictures, wall posts, friend information, etc. This not only allows the user to skip the basic registration steps required by most websites, but it also allows the Website to update the user's Facebook wall and news feed with their activities. By gaining access to the user's friends list, the website can show the user which of their friends have also accessed the Website through Facebook Connect. To find out more about Facebook Connect and the processing of personal information, please use the following link: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ SAFETY IO APPLICATIONS AND SERVICES MSA maintains a business subsidiary named Safety io. Safety io is headquartered in Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania, USA. Safety io provides software-as-a-service to customers, and such applications may collect personal information as part of those activities. In this role, Safety io may process personal information received from and on behalf of its customers. For more information, please visit Safety io’s Applications and Services Privacy Statement at https://www.safetyio.com/legal/. MSA will process this information consistent with the legal basis for processing described above and in the aforementioned statement. SHOPMSA ShopMSA offers authorized MSA Channel Partners the ability to check product pricing and availability, create and review orders, view account details, and similar uses. If you use shopmsa, it may collect personal information incidental these activities, such as channel partner account manager name, business e-mail addresses, and payment information. MSA will process this information consistent with the legal basis for processing described above. EU DATA PRIVACY STATEMENT This EU Data Privacy Statement provides transparency about any "personal data" of EU data subjects that reside in the European Union (personal scope), in line with Art. 13 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), as well as local law based on the EU eprivacy Directive and the Cookie Directive, including that may be processed through this Website (material scope) and the respective safeguards provided to Website visitors that reside in the European Union (personal scope), in line with Art. 13 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), as well as local law based on the EU eprivacy Directive and the Cookie Directive.
DEFINITIONS The terms used in this EU Data Privacy Statement correspond to the definitions in Art. 4 GDPR. EU DATA PROTECTION TEAM AND OFFICER MSA has appointed an EU Data Protection Team and, where required locally by law, a Data Protection Officer (DPO). If you are an EU resident with questions or comments on how MSA processes personal data, please feel free to contact us via e-mail: GDPR@msasafety.com. EU RESIDENTS: PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING The purpose of collection and legal basis for processing of personal data of EU data subjects is consistent with the purposes outlined above.
MSA’s associates may have access to EU personal data on a need-to-know basis if they need to carry out legitimate tasks. The website is hosted in the USA, which means that certain data that you provide may require cross-border transfer. Such transfer will take place considering the applicability and scope of EU legal regulations. DATA SECURITY MSA uses technical and organizational security measures to protect the data supplied by you and managed by us to ensure its confidentiality, availability and integrity. These security measures are protected against manipulation, loss, destruction, and access by third parties, and our website security is continually being improved in line with developing technology. EU DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS If you are an EU data subject, you have the right to request from MSA whether and what personal data of yours has been stored by us. If you are registered as a user, we also enable you to view the data yourself and, if applicable, to delete or amend it. If incorrect information is stored, despite our efforts to ensure that data is accurate and up to date, we will correct it at your request. MSA will respond to any such requests for information, deletion, or amendment in writing and as soon as reasonably possible. EU Residents: To make a request about your personal data, or if you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, you can contact GDPR@msasafety.com. RIGHTS FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS In addition to any rights provided under the Privacy Notice above, California law provides additional rights for California consumers. Here is a description of some of the rights that a California consumer may have, depending on their relationship with MSA:
The right to request a description of the categories and specific pieces of "personal information" that we have collected about them.
The right to know the categories of "personal information" about them that we may disclose to third parties for a business purpose, with a description of categories of third parties that may receive such information.
The right to request that we delete "personal information" about them that we have collected from them.
For more specific information on the "personal information" we collect, and how to exercise any rights you may have under California law, please visit our California Consumer Privacy Statement. Please note that it may not be required for us to delete "personal information" needed to provide goods or services, complete a transaction, perform a contract with you, retain within the context of our ongoing business relationship by reasonable expectation, or that we may otherwise retain under applicable law. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE This Privacy Notice may be revised from time to time as we update the Website or MSA products or services, as laws change, and/or as industry privacy and security best practices evolve. Please check this Privacy Notice periodically for changes and to remind yourself of our policy. Your use of the Website is deemed acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Notice and your continued use of the Website after any change to our Privacy Notice constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Notice. Please exit the Website immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice, including any subsequent revision.
We appreciate your interest in MSA!
Where to BuyWhere to BuyAccess MSA's network of channel partners and representatives.
ZIP Code:
Category:
Select...IndustrialFire ServiceFixed Gas and Flame DetectionState & Local GovernmentFederal Gov't. / Military
Stay Informed
Stay Informed
Sign up to get industry resources, product information, and The ADVISOR eNewsletter sent right to your inbox. Privacy Policy
Thank you - Your email registration is complete. You'll begin to receive email communications and our monthly ADVISOR eNewsletter related to the preferences you chose.
One step left! Thank you for your email subscription. We will send an email, including a confirmation link, to your email address. Please click on the link to complete your subscription. This confirmation ensures that an unauthorized person has not entered your email address. Check your spam folder as well.
Thank you - your request has been received.
FOLLOW US :
Trademarks
© 2020  MSA . All rights reserved.
North America | English
© 2020  MSA . All rights reserved.