https://ussheepskin.com/policies/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyveravsdg2020-01-03T16:59:55-08:00
Privacy Policy Your privacy is important to us. We want you to feel comfortable when you access our Web site. When you visit this site, you can do so anonymously without revealing your identity or any personal information to us. We also believe that understanding what our customers want to see and do when visiting our site is an important part of building an interesting and useful online environment. Therefore, we track, on an aggregate basis, such information as the time and length of visits, the pages viewed or downloaded, and the name of your Internet service provider. We do not collect any personal information about you unless you provide it to us. INFORMATION GATHEREDWhen you purchase products, or send an e-mail message to us, you voluntarily give us personal information such as your name, address, e-mail address and credit card information. If you choose to share this information with us, it is stored here so that we can respond to you and fulfill your requests for information. The information gathered by us when you contact us may be used for internal marketing purposes. However, none of this information is ever sold to marketers, periodical publishers or any other outsiders. PERSONAL CONSUMER INFORMATION REMOVAL: Upon written request we can provide and or remove any personal consumer information that was gathered in placing and or receiving an order from US Sheepskin. This request can be made either by email to: eww@engelworldwide.com or by letter to the physical address below. US Sheepskin450 Fawcett Ave Tacoma, WA 98402-2415 Please include your First and Last Name with your request. US Sheepskin, Engel Sheepskin, and Engel Worldwide do not discriminate in response to any privacy rights requests GOOGLE ADVERTISING
We use Re-marketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet. US Sheepskin and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to your website.
COOKIES“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personal identifying information. They do; however, help identify the pages you’ve viewed on our Website and the amount of time you’ve spent on each page. This information helps us identify the areas of our site that are most important to our customers which, in turn, helps ensure you will have a pleasant visit when you come to our site. COOKIE REMOVAL: Depending on and within your browser settings, you can remove the cookies our site has generated. Though every browser has a unique area where this is accomplished, when searching and removing, look for “ussheepskin.com” Note: If you do visit US Sheepskin’s website in the future, a new cookie will be generated. SUMMARYWe are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we gather from this site to enhance your overall experience, and we will not sell your personal information to anyone. If we can answer any questions or concerns you may have about our privacy policy, please contact us, and we’ll be happy to help in any way we can Last Updated 1/2/2020
Customer CareAbout Us Become a Dealer Policies
Terms and Conditions Terms of Use Privacy Policy Shipping Policy Return Policy Warranty Policy
Ordering Terminologies FAQ Contact
Go to Top