https://v3.ecofact.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
ECOFACT’s privacy policy describes how we collect and process personal data.
1. What personal data do we collect and why?
We primarily process personal data that we obtain from our clients, other business partners, our employees, and other individuals in the context of our business relationships with them. Such data consists mainly of account information that provides access to our research and tools, distribution lists for our publications, marketing and sales information, participant information for our roundtables and conferences, and our client projects. The information we collect usually includes the name of the organization, first and last names of individuals, telephone numbers, email, addresses, and passwords. For users of our website, we collect and process analytical information – this means in particular information related to web visitor activity. Furthermore, we use a customer relations management tool to collect contact information from clients and prospective clients. This tool also records our communications with them.
If you have given us your consent to process your personal data for certain purposes (for example when registering to receive our newsletter), we will do so within the scope of this policy. Consent can be withdrawn at any time by sending an email to info@ecofact.com, as per Section 5.
2. Our cookie usage and tracking software
Our hosting provider stores general information about the web access on our server. This standard procedure covers only non-identifying information for general access analysis and statistics. The access log exists for both our main website and the website of the Policy Outlook.
The website of our Policy Outlook tool (which is separate from our main website) has certain tracking functions. Session cookies are used to keep account holders logged in. However, they are only used on our own server and not to track users across the web. We actively track all activities by account holders on our tools (including information such as IP addresses) to learn what our users are interested in and how they use those tools. This information is used to optimize the user experience. We also store all the preferences account holders set (such as watchlists) in our database. This is required for our tools to operate correctly with all the features we offer.
3. How long do we store your data? Do we share it with anyone?
We process and retain your personal data as long as required for the fulfilment of our contractual obligation and in compliance with legal and documentation obligations. For all data that we collect, a process has been defined to make sure that we delete or anonymize it once it is no longer needed. It may be necessary to share your personal information with third parties such as IT and/or service providers. Third parties are informed of the appropriate handling of your personal data. We do not rent or sell your personal data to third parties.
4. Data security
We have taken appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data from unauthorized access and misuse. These measures include internal policies, IT and network security solutions, access controls and restrictions, and the encryption of data carriers and transmissions.
5. Your rights
In accordance with and to the extent provided by applicable law, you have the right to access your data, to have it rectified or deleted, to restrict the way in which it is processed, and to object to data processing by us. In addition, you have the right to receive certain personal data for transfer to another controller (data portability). Furthermore, as mentioned in Section 1, you have the right to withdraw your consent to data collection at any time. To do so, please send an email to info@ecofact.com. This also applies to any other data protection-related issue you might become aware of, and questions concerning this privacy policy.
6. Amendments to this privacy policy
We may amend this privacy policy at any time. The current version, as published on our website, applies. This version was last updated on July 5, 2018.
Sign up for updates
ECOFACT’s ambition is to be a catalyst in the transition towards a sustainable economy. We write,
organize events, develop products and services. Be the first to know.
Tick this box to agree to ECOFACT’s privacy policy.
Sign up