https://vacair-superstore.com/privacy-policy/
GermanFrenchDutchSpanish
Tel: +44 (0) 113 2088501 Alt Tel: +44 (0) 113 2457060 sales@vacair-superstore.com
HOMECONTACT USABOUT USAPPLICATIONSENQUIRY FORMFAQ’S
We wont bebeaten on price
Same or nextDay delivery
Free technicalSupport hotline
20 years ofSupplier experience
1000's of Stock lines
Privacy Policy
admin
2018-06-14T14:37:45+00:00
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Data Privacy Policy is for VacAir Superstore, a division of KMP (UK) Ltd, whose registered office is Unit 2, Latchmore Industrial Park, Lowfields Road, Leeds, LS12 6DN, England. The company’s registration number is 4604786 and our VAT number is 808627219.
VacAir Superstore is committed to ensuring that your privacy and data is protected. This privacy policy explains how we use the information we collect from you and the procedures we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
By providing your information to VacAir Superstore by email, telephone, through our website or otherwise, you consent to use of that information as set out in this policy. VacAir Superstore may modify the terms of this policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page.
How we use your information
Should you provide VacAir with your contact information this information will be used to contact you for the purpose for which you expressed interest in for example: products, services, newsletters, exhibitions or career opportunities.
Your information is used to fulfil your request, process your transactions and contact you regarding this. Additionally from time to time we may contact you to promote our products and services to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored in your browser and stored in a user’s hard drive. Cookies are used only as an aid to improve the user experience, by collecting information about visitor behaviour on pages viewed. No personal information is contained in the cookie.
We use analytical cookies (Google analytics) to track usage on our website. This information is anonymous and cannot be used to track individuals.
Most browsers allow you to adjust your browser settings to a). Notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you decide whether to accept the cookie or not; b). Disable cookies; or c). Set your browser to automatically reject cookies.
Blocking or deleting cookies may negatively impact your experience using the service, as some features and services may not work properly.
Security
We take all reasonable precautions to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or alteration and have put in place safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of information we collect.
We restrict access to your personal information to our own employees or subcontractors should they need to know that information. They are subject to strict confidentiality obligations.
Data transmission over the internet may not be adequately secured by the sender and as a result we cannot ensure secure receipt of your information sent to us by this medium and any such information is sent at your own risk.
Payments made by PayPal ore subject to PayPal’s own privacy policy.
Retention and Deletion
We only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose we collected it for, including for the purposes of our legitimate business interests and satisfying any legal or reporting requirements.
Should you wish is to change or wish us to delete certain contact information from our records, please send an email to info@kmp-uk.com for the attention of the GDPR Controller.
Sharing or Disclosure of your information
We will only share your personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside of our company or subcontractors where such disclosure is necessary for legal compliance. We may also disclose your information where allowed to by law to enforce our rights and for the detection and prevention of fraud or other crimes.
Your rights
Should you require access to your personal information we hold, or would like a correction, or withdraw your consent for use of your information, you can make a “data subject access request” by emailing info@kmp-uk.com for the attention of the GDPR Controller. We may need request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. Please note however, we may not always be able to comply with your request and in this case we would give you specific legal reasons.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks
Contact Us