https://vanrees.com/privacystatement/
Skip to content
Privacy statement
Privacy statement
Introduction
In order to inform you of its policies and activities with respect to the collection, use and transfer of Personal Data on its websites, Van Rees is providing you with an electronic copy of this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”). When required by local law, the relevant Van Rees entity performs the formalities with the local data protection authorities with respect to the processing of Personal Data. In this Policy, “Personal Data” means information which relates to an individual and which identifies that individual, either directly or indirectly (together with other information that is reasonably likely to come into Van Rees’ possession), such as your name, email address or telephone number.
Collection of Personal Data
Generally, you can visit the Van Rees website without providing any Personal Data about yourself. However, in order to access some parts of our websites, such as to download certain documents, or in connection with another specific purpose, we may need to collect Personal Data from you. Providing Personal Data to us in these events is voluntary. If you do not provide Personal Data to us, then you will not be able to benefit from the respective functionality offered by our websites, such as communication, downloading of documents or recruitment. The purposes, for which your Personal Data is collected, are described below, along with a brief description of how your Personal Data may be handled in each case.
Communicating with you. We will follow up on comments and other requests that you submit to us through our website, such as online queries, business related inquiries, or registering your attendance at a conference. This may include using your Personal Data to call you back by telephone or communicating with you via email.
Direct marketing and promotion. Direct marketing and/or promotional efforts by or on behalf of Van Rees may include providing you with specific information that you have requested online, providing more general information about other Van Rees offerings, or enabling you to participate to online contests or to register for any sponsored events. When we collect Personal Data for direct marketing or promotional purposes, however, we generally offer appropriate choices regarding the use of your Personal Data.
Recruitment. If you submit a resume or job application online, we will use your Personal Data for recruitment-related purposes, which may include contacting you via email, telephone or post. Except where you request otherwise, Van Rees may keep your Personal Data on file for an appropriate time in order to consider you for other employment opportunities with Van Rees in the future.
Maintaining the website and conducting customer satisfaction surveys. We will use your Personal Data in order to maintain and improve our website. We may also use your Personal Data in order to conduct customer satisfaction surveys.
Compiling aggregate statistics regarding the use of the website.
When providing Personal Data on this website, you acknowledge that you have the necessary authorization and consent to disclose Personal Data to be used by Van Rees as described in this Policy
Cookies
Cookies are used on this website. By using our website, you agree that cookies are to be placed on your device as further explained below.
Cookies are small pieces of data that a website sends to your computer’s web browser while you are navigating through it. They have many different purposes, but mainly, cookies enable you to navigate between pages easily, to remember your preferences, and eventually to improve the user experience. These cookies may then be stored on your machine to identify your computer. Cookies used on this website can be either set up by our website or by a third-party website. Moreover, these cookies can be “session” or “persistent” cookies: a session cookie is a cookie that is automatically deleted when the user closes the browser, whereas a persistent cookie is a cookie that remains stored in the user’s terminal device until it reaches a defined expiration date. Cookies used on Van Rees website have a maximum lifetime of 12 months.
A. Use of cookiesWe may use Personal Data collected from our cookies to identify user behavior and to serve content and offers based on your profile.The performance cookies used on this website do not collect Personal Data.
B. How to accept or refuse cookiesIf you do not want to receive cookies from our website, you may set your browser to refuse cookies or to notify you when you receive a cookie, which you may then accept or refuse upon such notice. You can also generally set your browser to turn off cookies. To understand how to do this, please consult your browser’s “Tools” section, or any other similar heading.
We recommend that you leave the cookies active. Bear in mind that if you block, turn off or otherwise reject our cookies, some web pages may not display properly or you will not be able to use any website services that require you to sign in.
If you object to have cookies placed on your machine, you need to disable them. In order to do so, please follow the relevant instructions depending on your browser.
Global organization
Van Rees is a global organization. Whilst we have distinct legal entities (e.g., country subsidiaries) in many parts of the world, our internal processes and infrastructure are international in scope and nature and generally cross country borders. Accordingly, you should be aware that we may share your Personal Data inside Van Rees and transfer it to countries in the world where we do business, including those located outside the European Union (EU). In these instances, Van Rees will process your Personal Data in the manner described by this Policy and in accordance with applicable law.
Business reorganizations
Like many organizations, Van Rees may reorganize its business operations around the world from time to time, whether by buying new businesses or selling or merging existing businesses. This may involve us disclosing Personal Data to prospective or actual purchasers of parts of our business, or receiving Personal Data from potential sellers. It is our practice to seek appropriate confidentiality protection for Personal Data disclosed in these types of transactions.
Legal disclosures
Van Rees may disclose your Personal Data in order to enforce our website Terms of Use or in urgent circumstances to protect personal safety, the public or Van Rees’s websites. It is also possible that we may be required by law to disclose your Personal Data pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders, potentially, in any country where we do business.
Sensitive Personal Data
As a general rule, Van Rees does not collect “Sensitive Personal Data” through its website. “Sensitive Personal Data” means Personal Data concerning racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, or concerning health or sex life. By volunteering unsolicited sensitive Personal Data to us (e.g., by submitting your resume or a job application online), you expressly consent to your Personal Data being used as described in this Policy.
Requests regarding your Personal Data: access, correction, update and deletion
Subject to applicable law and certain exemptions, you may have the right to access, rectify, oppose the processing, or delete your Personal Data.
In order to exercise these rights so that updates, corrections and/or deletions can be made in accordance with applicable law, you can send an e-mail to support@vanrees.com or telephone number given on our website.
Data security and integrity
Van Rees uses various technological and procedural security measures in order to protect the Personal Data we collect, use or transfer from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. However, you should be aware that, due to the open and unsecured character of the Internet, Van Rees cannot be responsible for the security of transmissions of the Personal Data over the Internet.
Third-party websites
Van Rees websites may provide links to third-party websites. Van Rees does not make any representations or warranties with respect to such third-party websites. You should be aware that the owners and operators of such third-party websites might collect, use or transfer Personal Data under different terms and conditions than Van Rees. Upon linking to a third-party website, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies of such third-party websites.
Notification of changes to this Policy
This Policy is effective in May 2018 (the “Effective Date”). In order to check updates to this Policy, please consult this page on a regular basis.
On this website we use cookies to improve your experience. Click OK to accept our Privacy statement. Click on the button on the right side to receive more information. Read our Privacystatement.
Ok