https://vantageassoc.com/terms-conditions/
Menu
About UsOur PeopleQualityCareersNewsOur PeopleQualityCareersNewsThermoforming CompositesMachining & AssembliesContact
Account
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONS OF SITE USE
The use of the planeplastics.com web site (this “Web site”) and the sale of products and services offered on this Web site are governed by the terms and conditions set forth below and all other disclaimers, guidelines, policies and terms and conditions of sale appearing on this Web site under About Our Parts. Your use of this Web site in any manner, whether browsing, activating an account with us or making a purchase, constitutes your acknowledgement that you have read these Terms and Conditions and that you agree to follow and be bound by them. Plane Plastics, Ltd. reserves the right to modify or change the Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice to you. Therefore, we recommend that you please read them carefully each time you use this Web site.
GENERAL
This Web Site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Plane Plastics, Ltd. may make improvements and/or changes in the products, services, programs, and prices described in this Web Site at any time without notice. Plane Plastics, Ltd. reserves the right to cancel any order due to price inaccuracies. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Plane Plastics, Ltd.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, data compilations, and software, is the property of Plane Plastics, Ltd or it’s respective owner and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Plane Plastics, Ltd and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
DISPUTES AND APPLICABLE LAW
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Oklahoma and, when applicable, Federal law. Any controversy or claim arising out of, or relating to, these Terms or the breach thereof shall be settled by arbitration in Woods County, Oklahoma by Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
COURT
Claims may be adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Woods County, Oklahoma. You and Plane Plastics, Ltd. agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Woods, Oklahoma.
ATTORNEY FEES
If there is any action or proceeding to enforce any provision of these Terms or to protect or establish any right or remedy of any related party, the unsuccessful party to such action or proceeding will pay to the prevailing party all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs incurred by such prevailing party in such action or proceeding and in any appeal in connection therewith, and if such prevailing party recovers a judgment in any such action, proceeding or appeal, such costs, expenses and attorneys’ fees will be determined by the court or arbitration panel handling the proceeding and will be included in and as a part of such judgment.
ORDERING PARTS
Orders may be placed by Internet, fax, phone, or mail.
The Aircraft make, model, and serial number must be supplied at time of order.
Always provide Plane Plastic’s part numbers (customer service available) and quantities necessary.
Quotes are a service provided, please allow 1 day to compile.
Supplying visual aids can assist in identifying the parts requested.
The customer bears final responsibility for parts ordered.
FAA Form 8130 provided on foreign shipments only.
TERMS
Domestic: We accept all major credit cards, money orders, or will ship COD. If paying by company or personal check, checks must be received before placement of order.
Foreign: Major credit card or Wire Transfer. Wire transfers will be assessed a $27.00 service fee and must be transferred before order placement (shipping charges will be paid by credit card or you will have to set up your own shipping arrangements).
RECEIVING YOUR PARTS
DO NOT CUT, MARK, PAINT, OR IN ANY OTHER WAY ALTER THE PART UNTIL YOU COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:
Upon receipt of package, note if damaged. See Damaged Merchandise for instructions.
Check all parts against packing slip for completeness of order.
Check all parts against the original equipment manufacture for correct style and dimension.
Hand fit the part in place to ensure the part will function for the proper application.
Read the Installation Guidelines provided with the packing slip or on our web site for more details on the final fit and trim of your new replacement parts.
SHIPPING AND DETAILS
All Foreign and U.S. Domestic orders will be shipped via Fed-Ex. A customer has the right to make other shipping arrangements, provided arrangement of pickup is within two days of order completion. All orders will be subject to additional charges including but not limited to duties, taxes, fees, and/or extended delivery charges. All additional charges must be paid upon notification or they will be added to your customer account and subject to late fees. All orders that are shipped to or billed to a foreign address must and will be sent with an 8130-3 form (also known as a JAA form one or an “Export Air Worthiness Form”). This is required by most importing countries and will be paid for by Plane Plastics at no charge to you.
RETURNS
To return merchandise, a Plane Plastics representative should be contacted to obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization Number (RMA#) NO PACKAGES ARE ACCEPTED INTO OUR FACILITY WITHOUT A RMA# ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE BOX!
Only products currently listed in the catalog without modification will be considered for return. Special order and custom parts are non-returnable items.
The customer is responsible for all costs related to the return of merchandise.
When received into our facility, the merchandise must pass the Quality Control Inspection System before disposition of refund or charges can be determined. Authorized returns may be subject to a 50% restocking fee.
Customer has 30 days in which to request return of part(s) not accepted and bears the cost of return.
DAMAGED MERCHANDISE
Shipments received damaged must be brought to the shipper’s attention immediately. Plane Plastics must be notified within two days of receipt to insure a proper claim can be made.
All packing and boxes materials must be kept for evidence of claim.
WARRANTY All merchandise is warranted to the original purchaser for a period of one year from the date of shipment by Plane Plastics Ltd. to be free of defects in materials and workmanship. This warranty does not apply to any product which has been damaged by accident or which has been misused or repaired. Plane Plastics warrants to the original purchaser that merchandise determined to be defective by Plane Plastics will be replaced when returned to our facility, following return merchandise instructions, during warranty period.