https://vatit.com/about-us/terms-and-conditions/
INTRODUCING  re:TRADE – The world’s only holistic post-Brexit export solution ensuring continuous trade
View
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
LAST DATED 24 MAY 2018
1 INTRODUCTION AND ACCEPTANCE
1.1 VATIT Group S.a.r.l (Registration No. B136564); (“We”, “Us”, “Our”, “VATIT”) is a company registered in accordance with the laws of Luxembourg and provides the information on this website (“Website”), subject to the terms set out herein and as may be referenced herein (collectively, the “Terms”) in order to provide you with a breakdown of your potential VAT capability (“Service/s”). “Use” of the Website includes accessing and browsing the Website.
1.2 We may modify the Terms (“Amended Terms”). Amended Terms will be made available via the Website. By using the Website, You agree to the Terms. If You do not agree to the Terms, You must not Use Our Website
1.3 Each time You use the Website You agree to be bound by the Terms or the Amended Terms, as the case may be.
2 CONTENT YOU PROVIDE
2.1 All information submitted by You must be and must remain true, accurate, current and complete. You shall not misrepresent Your identity.
2.2 By using the Website, You grant Us the right to use information, data, materials or other content You provide to Us to be uploaded via the Website or which you have provided for the purposes of rendering the Services and such other purposes as set out in the Privacy Policy.
3 COMMUNICATIONS THAT ORIGINATE FROM YOU
We may assume that all electronic communications which reasonably appear to originate from You or a person You have told Us is authorised to act on Your behalf are in fact from You and the form in which We receive the communication is the same as when it was first dispatched.
4 TO PROTECT THE INTEGRITY OF THE WEBSITE
4.1 You may not:
4.1.1 use any robot, spider, scraper, deep link or other similar automated data gathering or extraction tools, program, algorithm or methodology to access, acquire, copy or monitor the Website without Our express written consent;
4.1.2 use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, or other device or mechanism (including, without limitation, browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Website other than the search engines and search agents available through the Website and other than generally available third party web browsers;
4.1.3 post or transmit any file which contains viruses, worms, Trojan horses or any other contaminating or destructive features, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Website;
4.1.4 attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse-engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Website;
4.1.5 use the Website in a manner that would bring Us, Our business and/or any of Our affiliates into disrepute;
4.1.6 access the Website for unlawful purposes or use the Website in a manner which infringes Our rights or the rights of any other person or restricts or inhibits the use of or enjoyment of Our computer systems by any other person;
4.1.7 post or transfer any material to the Website that is unlawful or violates any third party’s rights or which is obscene, misleading, inaccurate, defamatory, illegal, in breach of any copyright or other intellectual property right, or damaging to data, software or the performance of Our or any other parties’ computer system.
4.2 We are entitled to remove any information You or your elected third party has submitted via the Website and/or suspend Your use of any part of the Services at any time without notice to You.
5 YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will protect and use Your personal information only in accordance with Our Privacy Policy.
6 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
6.1 We own or are licensed to use all intellectual property rights in and to all materials, text, drawings and data (collectively, the “Materials”) made available on the Website. You may not reproduce, distribute, create a derivative, sell, broadcast or in any other way exploit of the whole or any part of the Materials.
6.2 The Website and its content may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, resold, visited or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without Our express prior written consent.
6.3 We own or are licensed to use the trademarks, names, logos and service marks (collectively, the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Website, whether registered or unregistered. You must obtain Our prior written permission should You want to use any of the Trademarks.
7 EXTERNAL LINKS
External links may be provided for Your convenience. We make no representation as to their content and use on any external links is at Your own risk. When visiting external links You must refer to their website’s terms and conditions.
8 WARRANTIES
Although We will always try to ensure the Website is available, the Website is provided “as is”. We give no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) in this regard.
9 YOUR QUERIES AND COMPLAINTS
Please email any queries or complaints to confidentialitynotice@vatit.com.
10 THE LAW THAT APPLIES TO THE TERMS
All matters arising from or in connection with the Terms including its interpretation, validity, existence or termination for any reason shall be determined in accordance with the laws of England without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law. We both agree that all disputes arising out of or in connection with the Terms shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (the “Rules”) by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the Rules. A single arbitrator shall be appointed as provided in the Rules. The place of arbitration shall be in London and the language of the arbitration shall be English.
PRIVACY POLICY
1 INTRODUCTION
1.1 This privacy policy explains how We protect and use Your Personal Information.
1.2 “Personal Information” means any information that is recognised as such in terms of the General Data Protection Regulation and includes any information which identifies You, such as Your Registration Information and Login Details.
1.3 All definitions contained in the Terms also apply to this privacy policy, unless the context indicates otherwise.
2 CONSENT
By using the Service and/or the Website You consent to Our collection, storage, processing and disclosure of Your Personal Information on the basis set out in this Privacy Policy.
3 INFORMATION WE COLLECT
3.1 In Your Use of the Website, we may collect and store internationally the following information and Personal Information:
3.1.1 Your entity name, and entity email address
3.1.2 correspondence via the Website and information relating to transactional activity via the Website;
3.1.3 website connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Website, IP address and standard web log information;
3.1.4 if you elect to use our Service, information in respect of each invoice. Such information includes: the country of expense; the date of the expense; the value; the expense type; the currency; the billing address; the supplier information (if available); scan or image of the invoice; and the details of the traveller, this could include the traveller’s name and/or allocated reference number.
4 HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
4.1 At the outset we would like to give You the comfort that You will always own Your Personal Information and that we do not sell Your Personal Information to anyone, for any reason, at any time.
4.2 We use, disclose and share Your Personal Information only as follows:
4.2.1 to provide the Service;
4.2.2 for marketing purposes;
4.2.3 to analyse website and service usage and to improve the Services and/or Website;
4.2.4 to deliver to You any administrative notices, alerts and communications relevant to Your Use of the Website;
4.2.5 for market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other criminal activity;
4.2.6 by disclosing Your Personal Information to third party service providers appointed by Us in order to enable Us to provide the Website and Services to You, and who are bound by these same privacy restrictions;
4.2.7 with and to Our other business divisions and other companies within the VATIT group of companies for the purposes of supporting the Service and the Website, improving the Services, determining any illegal or fraudulent conduct and violations of any group company polices; and/or
4.2.8 as otherwise set out in the Terms.
4.3 In addition, We may disclose Personal Information to law enforcement, other government officials, or other third parties as We, in Our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose Us to legal liability, or in connection with a merger, consolidation, or sale of Our assets.
5 OPT OUT OR UPDATE
5.1 You are entitled to opt out of any disclosure of Your Personal Information to a third party or use of Your Personal Information for a purpose incompatible with the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by You by emailing Us at confidentialitynotice@vatit.com.
5.2 It is your responsibility to ensure that the Personal Information that You provide while using Our Website. In the event that you wish to update your Personal Information please e-mail Us at confidentialitynotice@vatit.com. 6 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR USE OF COOKIES
6.1 Our Website uses cookies to distinguish You from other users of Our Website. This helps us to provide You with a good experience when You browse Our Website and also allows us to improve Our Website. [By continuing to browse the site, You are agreeing to Our use of cookies.] 6.2 A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on Your browser or the hard drive of Your computer if You agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to Your computer’s hard drive.
6.3 We use the following cookies:
6.3.1 Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of Our Website. 6.3.2 Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around Our Website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way Our Website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. 6.3.3 Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise You when You return to Our Website. This enables us to personalise Our content for You, greet You by name and remember Your preferences (for example, Your choice of language or region). 6.3.4 Targeting cookies. These cookies record Your visit to our Website, the pages You have visited and the links You have followed. We will use this information to make Our Website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to Your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose. 7 RETENTION PERIOD
7.1 We will retain Personal Data which is collected from Our Website for a period of 26 months, unless you opt out in terms of clause 5.
8 SECURITY
8.1 We take reasonable technical, administrative and physical steps to protect against unauthorised access to and disclosure of Personal Information.
8.2 We use a combination of firewall barriers, encryption techniques and authentication procedures, among others, to maintain the security of Your online session and to protect Our systems from unauthorised access.
8.3 Our databases are protected from general personnel access both physically and logically.
9 LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
We may make content from third party websites available to You from links located on the Website. These websites are not subject to the Terms. We recommend that You review the Terms of each such website to determine how that website protects Your privacy.
10 COMMENTS AND QUESTIONS
If You have any questions, comments or concerns about the Terms, You may contact Us at confidentialitynotice@vatit.com.
Copyright in the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy vests in VATIT
This document was last updated on 24 May 2018.
We use cookies to help us improve, promote and protect our services. By continuing to use the site, you agree to our cookie policy.OkPrivacy policy