https://vegemite.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Welcome to the Vegemite website.Bega Cheese Limited and its subsidiaries (Bega Cheese, us or we) are committed to protecting your privacy and to complying with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs). This Privacy Policy outlines how Bega Cheese may collect your personal information and how we will use, record and protect that information.
What personal information do we collect?Bega Cheese only collects personal information which is reasonably necessary for one or more of its functions or activities.  For example, we may collect your personal information in order to provide you with our products or services and to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services.  We may also collect your personal information to protect against fraud or theft and to comply with our obligations under the law.  Personal information may include your name, address, telephone number, email address and purchase/supply details.
From time to time, you may be able to deal with us anonymously or by pseudonym, but in some instances if you don’t provide us with certain personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the products or services you want.
How do we collect personal information?The personal information we collect is, in most cases, directly supplied by you when you register your details with us or give us the information, when you place a call, email or otherwise contact us, when you order products or services from us or you supply goods or services to us.
When you visit our website, it will automatically send you a “cookie”.  A cookie is a piece of text sent from a web server to your computer, and is used to identify you only by a random number.  This information does not personally identify you, but it does tell us that your computer has visited our site and what areas of the site have been browsed.  You can decline cookies by adjusting the “accept cookies” setting in your browser, however this may affect the functionality of the website.
Where we collect personal information from third parties, we will only do so if it is unreasonable or impracticable to collect the personal information directly from you and we will take reasonable steps to inform you if and when we do.
How is your personal information used?When you do provide us with personal information, we will not use or disclose it other than for:
the purpose for which it was provided;a related purpose that you would reasonably expect us to use the information for;a purpose required or authorised by law or a court/tribunal order; ora purpose that you have expressly consented to.
For example, we may use your personal information to contact you to provide you with the information and/or products and services you have requested. We may also store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services.  We may also use your personal information to protect against fraud or theft and to comply with our obligations under the law.
If we use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, all of the electronic communications we send to you will include an “unsubscribe” link which enables you to opt out of receiving any future direct marketing correspondence.
Information collection statement – Vegemite Mailing ListYour privacy is important to us. Bega Cheese Limited will use your personal information to register you for Vegemite mailing list to provide you with recipes and other information published by Vegemite. For this purpose, your personal information may be disclosed to persons within Bega Cheese Limited, its subsidiaries or their service providers and suppliers only, unless otherwise permitted by law. Any personal information collected will be used, disclosed and held in accordance with this information collection statement and our privacy policy which can be viewed at https://dev1.vegemite.2piwebsites.com/privacy-policy/. If you wish to access or change the information which Bega Cheese Limited holds about you, please call 1800 571 833 or write to Vegemite c/o Bega Cheese Limited to submit a request.
Who we may share your personal information with?The information provided by you online may be disclosed to our agents, contractors or third party service providers who provide administrative, telecommunications, computer or other services to us in connection with the operation of our business and this website and who are under duties to Bega Cheese to keep such information confidential and secure.
We may also provide third parties with aggregate, de-identified information about visitors to or users of our website.
On occasion, we may disclose personal information to overseas recipients.  These overseas recipients are likely to be located in the country or countries in which you are located or to which you have requested us to supply products.
By providing your personal information to Bega Cheese, you consent to the disclosure of such information to overseas recipients.  Please note that once consent is provided, APP 8.1 will not apply to that disclosure so that, if an overseas recipient handles the personal information in a manner which breaches the APPs, Bega Cheese will not be accountable under the Privacy Act for the breach nor will you be able to seek redress under the Privacy Act.
Data securityWe maintain strict standards and procedures to prevent unauthorised access to your personal information and ensure correct use of information.  We will take such steps as reasonable to protect your personal information from unauthorised access or use, misuse, loss, modification or unauthorised disclosure.
Personal information will be de-identified or destroyed when no longer required by us.
Access and correction of detailsYou can access and update personal information Bega Cheese holds about you by contacting us via the method provided below during normal business hours.  We will allow you access unless we consider that there is a sound reason under the APPs or other relevant law to withhold that information.  If we refuse to provide you with access or correct the personal information held about you by us, we will provide in writing reasons for such refusal.  If we refuse to comply with your request to correct the personal information we hold about you, you are entitled to ask us to associate with the information a statement that the information is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, and we will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to do so.
Changes to this Privacy PolicyBega Cheese may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.  We will publish any changes on this page.
Contact usIf you have questions or complaints regarding the way in which Bega Cheese has handled your personal information, or if you wish to access or update your personal information, please contact us at:
Privacy OfficerBega CheesePO Box 123,Bega NSW 2550privacy@bega.com.au
Once we have received your enquiry, our Privacy Officer will respond to you within a reasonable time.  If, after receiving our response, you still consider that your privacy complaint has not been resolved, you may then, for example, take your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Further informationFor more information about privacy issues in Australia and protecting your privacy, visit the website of the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner: http://oaic.gov.au/.
Cookie NoticeWe use cookies and other technologies to ensure the best possible experience of our site. We recommend that you enable all cookies to get fullest that our website has to offer.
However, if you’d prefer, you can customise your cookies using the ‘Cookies Settings’ button below.
Cookie settings ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept
Create a new list
Australian dollarCanadian dollarPound sterlingNew Zealand dollarUnited States (US) dollar
Join the VEGEMITE family & get 10% off your first Mitey Merch order*
First Name *
Last Name *
Email address *
Birthday (optional)
/
In which country do you live in? (optional)
(please select)
Australia
Canada
New Zealand
United Kingdom
United States
Acknowledgement
I agree to the information collection statement below
By checking the above box and submitting your information in this form, you consent to Bega Cheese Limited (Bega) collecting, using and sharing your personal information (some of which is marked optional) to register you for the Vegemite mailing list to provide you with our newsletters, discount offers, recipes and other information published by Vegemite. We use our service provider Mailchimp in the US whose privacy policy can be found here to manage our mailing list. Any personal information collected will otherwise be handled and held in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can withdraw your consent and be removed from the mailing list at any time. To do so or to access or change your information held by Bega, please email us at privacy@vegemite.com.au or call 1800 571 833 or write to Vegemite c/o Bega’s details in our Privacy Policy. You can also unsubscribe from the mailing list using the function in the emails you receive from Bega.
*The 10% OFF offer is only valid on orders over $24.95 AUD (not including shipping) for Australian and New Zealand residents on the first order. This discount is not valid in conjunction with other promotions or discounts.
The offer period expires on 11.59pm AEST on 31st December 2020 and the code must be used within 30 days of receiving it.
[shipping_indicator]