https://vegemite.com.au/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
This web site is owned and operated by Bega Cheese Limited.  Your use of or access to this web site is deemed to be your acceptance of these Terms of Use and all our terms, conditions and Privacy Policy set out or otherwise referenced on this web site (Terms).  If you do not agree to the Terms, you are not permitted to access or use this web site.
In these Terms of Use, “Bega Cheese”, “we” and “us” means Bega Cheese Limited.
The Vegemite site is designed to be useful, informative and fun. We welcome any comments and inquiries in relation to the site.
Liability disclaimer
The information contained in this web site has been compiled in good faith and Bega Cheese will seek to ensure that all information is accurate at the time of inclusion. However, Bega Cheese cannot guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or reliability of the material on this web site. The information contained in this web site may include inadvertent and occasional errors and is provided “as is.” Users should therefore read and understand the terms and conditions below.
Bega Cheese, its associated companies, and every other party involved in creating, producing or developing this site, exclude, to the maximum extent permitted by law, all liability whatsoever in relation to any use of this web site and the information contained in it, including any reliance on such information, whether directly or indirectly, and loss or damage caused by a breach of your computer’s security or the transmission of any computer virus by reason of your use of, access to, or downloading of any material from this site.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, all warranties in respect of this web site and the information contained in it (including the content of or use of this web site, the security of your computer in accessing this web site, computer viruses, the availability, uptime and security of this web site and the integrity of data accessed through this web site) are excluded.
The materials contained in this web site are subject to change without notice, and accordingly may not be current at the time this web site is accessed.
We sometimes provide access to other world wide web sites from our internet site. However, we do not endorse or approve any products or information offered at sites you reach by accessing the Vegemite internet site.
Bega Cheese does not represent or warrant that the information (including recipes, flavour trends or tips) contained in this web site is suitable for specific dietary needs or other requirements of users. All material included in this web site is intended to be of a general nature, and is included for general information only. It is not intended to, and does not, constitute advice or any statement on which reliance should be placed. Users should independently assess whether the information in this site is accurate, complete, relevant and appropriate to them, and should take advice from a professionally qualified dietician or other professionally qualified health practitioner on all specific situations, conditions and dietary matters of concern, or relevant, to them.
Restriction on your use of material in our site
As between you and Bega Cheese, Bega Cheese owns all copyright in the contents of this web site (including all layouts, applets, text and graphic images in this site). You may access and display these pages on a computer or a monitor, and print out for your personal use any whole page or pages in this web site. All other use, copying, adapting or reproduction of any part of this web site is prohibited. Without limiting the foregoing, no part of this web site may be reproduced on any other internet site, and you are not authorised to redistribute or sell the material or to reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise convert it to any other form that people can use. You are also prohibited from linking the site to another web site in a manner which represents, suggests or implies that we endorse or support, or that we or Vegemite is in any way associated with or related to, that other web site or the owner or operator of that other web site or its contents in any way whatsoever.
If you submit material to us
While any personal details sent to this site are subject to our policy on privacy and protection of personal data, all other information you communicate to Bega Cheese through the Internet (including any remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or any other material) becomes and will remain our exclusive property and you grant us ownership and unrestricted rights to use such material (including, but not limited to, product or advertising ideas), without compensating you or anyone else for them. You will also provide us with any consents or other permission which we may need to use the material. This means that we do not have to treat any such information or material as confidential; you cannot sue us for using the information, ideas or other material you submit to us (including, but not limited to, product or advertising ideas); and if we can use them, or anything like them, we do not have to pay you or anyone else for them.
You acknowledge that you have full responsibility for any submissions or communications you make to this site, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright. Further, you warrant that you are the owner or author of any material and are not breaching any third party rights (including confidentiality and intellectual property rights) in your communications with us.
You also acknowledge that Bega Cheese undertakes extensive research and development into new products and business opportunities. By submitting material to the Bega Cheese web site, you acknowledge that you have no claim against Bega Cheese regarding any of its current or future products and materials which appear to be, and which are, based on any material that you have submitted.
Your liability
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Bega Cheese and its respective officers, employees, agents and representatives from all claims, losses, costs and expenses (including without limitation legal fees) arising out of:
your use of or access to this web site or the services;
any breach of the Terms; or
any allegation that any user content that you make available or create through this web site infringes the copyright, trademark, trade secret, privacy or other intellectual property or other rights of any third party.
Jurisdiction
The information on our sites is presented to provide information about Bega Cheese, its associated companies and their products. We do not imply that the information on the sites is appropriate or available for use outside Australia. These Terms of Use are governed by the law of Victoria, Australia.
Links to other web sites
This web site may contain links to other web sites (“linked web sites”). Those links are provided for convenience only and may not remain current or be maintained. Bega Cheese is not responsible for the content or privacy practices associated with linked web sites. Bega Cheese’s links with linked web sites should not be construed as an endorsement, approval or recommendation by us of the owners or operators of those linked web sites, or of any information, graphics, materials, products or services referred to or contained on those linked web sites, unless and to the extent stipulated to the contrary.
Bega Cheese Viewing Performance
Viewing and using the Vegemite web site is optimised by using the latest Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer, Google Chrome or Firefox, with Javascript activated. Please visit www.microsoft.com, www.google.com  or www.mozilla.org to obtain information about downloading the latest versions of those browsers. Some other browsers may also be compatible. Please note: This web site requires the acceptance of “cookies”, please ensure that your browser preferences allow the acceptance of cookies. This will allow you to fully utilise the interactive functionality of the Vegemite web site and enhance your web experience.
Cookies Policy
This Website requires the acceptance of certain “cookies”. A cookie is a piece of text sent from a web server to your computer, and is used to identify you only by a random number.  This information does not personally identify you, but it does tell us that your computer has visited our site and what areas of the site have been browsed.  Please ensure that your browser preferences allow the acceptance of cookies. This will allow you to fully utilise the interactive functionality of the Website and enhance your web experience. You can also decline the use of particular cookies by adjusting the “accept cookies” setting in your browser, however this may affect the functionality of the website.
Modification to these Terms
We may amend these Terms and any of our other policies (including our Privacy Policy) relating to the Website and the Services, at any time, at our discretion and without notice. Any such amendments are effective upon being published on this Website or as otherwise notified.
You are responsible for reviewing these Terms and any of our policies regularly. Continued use of this Website and our Services after any such amendments constitutes your consent to such amendments and acknowledgement of our current policies.
Mitey Merch Online Store Shopping Terms and Conditions
Pricing
All prices and charges on this Website are in Australian dollars (AUD) unless stated otherwise. All prices displayed are inclusive of GST for orders for delivery within Australia. Prices displayed for orders for delivery outside of Australia exclude GST.
Our prices are detailed on the Website for each individual Good listed. We reserve the right to change our prices at any time. We will fulfil your order at the price listed at the time that you placed the order, unless there has been a genuine error, omission, out of date information or inaccuracy with respect to the relevant Goods on the Website. If this occurs, we will promptly notify you of such errors and, if relevant, refuse the order.
All payment methods are specified on the Website. We currently use third party payment processors Stripe (see https://stripe.com/au), PayPal (see https://www.paypal.com/au) and Afterpay (see https://www.afterpay.com/en-AU/index). Use of a particular payment processor may be restricted depending on your location. Payments made through payment processors are subject to the relevant payment processor’s terms. Please review the relevant payment processor’s terms before you make a payment.
Delivery charges cover packaging and delivery cost. Delivery charges will be charged in addition to the prices of Goods purchased from us. The delivery charges will be specified during the checkout process and included in the total price of your order.
Placing an order
To place an order through the Website, you must:
be over 18 years of age;
have a delivery address in Australia for Australian deliveries (or for deliveries overseas, have a delivery address in the relevant country to which we permit deliveries, as specified in these Terms). For orders made using Afterpay, you must have a residential address in Australia, New Zealand, United States of America or the United Kingdom;
provide us with a valid email address and telephone number;
provide us or our payment processor with the relevant credit or debit card details (for a card issued by a bank or financial services company acceptable to us or our payment processor, as relevant).
You must ensure that the information on your order is accurate and complete. If we cannot contact you about your order, using the contact details provided by you in the order, we may cancel the order and refund you any money paid by you.
We try to ensure that all of our Goods listings are current, but we do not warrant that all Goods listed on our Website will be available at the time that you place an order. All orders placed are subject to availability and our confirmation of the order. We reserve the right to refuse any order placed with us.
When you order a Good from our Website, we will send you email confirmation of receipt of your order to the email address you provide. This does not constitute acceptance of your order.
If you place consecutive orders with us separately, we cannot consolidate the orders and separate delivery charges will be applied to each order.
Unless we notify you that we refuse your order or that the item(s) that you have ordered are not available, our acceptance of your order and the formation of a contract between us occurs when we approve your payment and we (or our payment processor) debit your debit or credit card.
You may not amend or cancel your order, for any reason, at any time after your order has been placed (even if our acceptance or refusal of your order is pending).
If you place an order for delivery to another person, through the Services, you agree you have the consent of the recipient with respect to the provision of their personal information to us.
Goods purchased are strictly for personal use. You must not purchase any Goods through the Website for resale to a third party or for any trade purposes. If we have any concerns regarding the number of Goods that you have ordered, then we may contact you at the time of or soon after you place the order for the Goods.
Personalised Items
Orders
When placing an order for a personalised item, you are responsible for ensuring all details regarding the personalisation submitted are correct, including correct spelling.  Once a personalisation order is placed, this order is final and we are unable to amend any personalised orders once placed.
We will not be held responsible if you provide incorrect information when placing an order for a personalised item.
Delivery
Personalised items will take an additional 3-6 business days (above standard delivery times) to be delivered to your nominated address.  See the section regarding “All shipping – risk, title and processing” for standard delivery times.
If your order contains non-personalised items, please consider ordering them separately to ensure a faster delivery.
Returns
Personalised items (and all other items available for purchase on this website) cannot be returned for a refund or exchange unless faulty. See the section regarding “Consumer Guarantees and Returns” for returns information.
Rejection of personalisation requests
We reserve the right to reject personalisation requests for any reason including that the request may infringe third party intellectual property rights, or be considered offensive.
We have a profanity filter that covers most prohibited words and we update this list on a regular basis. Whilst we do our best to make sure that all names are available, we are not obliged to allow use of a word that we do not want on a Vegemite item. If you feel that your name has wrongly been added to this profanity list, please email us at info@vegemite.com.au and we will consider making it available.
We reserve the right to reject a name that we feel should be on the profanity list but isn’t and will contact you via email to provide an option to change the requested name. We take all care to make sure that no-one is offended by a name on a Vegemite item but we do not take any responsibility for a word that is deemed offensive.  We reserve our rights to seek damages from any person who knowingly seeks to place offensive words not covered by the profanity list, on a Vegemite item. We also reserve our rights to seek damages from any person who knowingly seeks to place words that infringe third party intellectual property rights on a Vegemite item.
Availability
We may withdraw or suspend from sale any Good displayed on the Website, at any time, either temporarily or permanently. We will not be liable to you or to any third party for any loss suffered as a result of the withdrawal or suspension from sale of any Good from the Website.
Promotional discount codes
From time to time, we offer promotional discount codes or coupon codes (Codes) to our customers.
If we provide you with a Code, you may enter it in the section marked “APPLY COUPON” at the shopping cart stage on the Website, when purchasing Goods, during the relevant promotion period. If the Code is accepted, the discount amount will be applied at the checkout.
Each Code:
may only be used once;
may only be used during the specified time period for that Code, as disclosed by us in the original communication with respect to the Code;
may be subject to additional terms, as notified to you at the time that the Code is offered;
cannot be redeemed or exchanged for cash;
cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion or discount, unless permitted by us, at our discretion;
is not transferable and must only be used by the customer to whom the Code was issued, using the email address provided when applying for the Code or when registering with the Website, as relevant;
cannot be applied to shipping costs; and
is not valid on purchases of gift cards through the Website.
We do not refund Code amounts at a later stage if, for any reason, the Code is not entered in the shopping cart in the “APPLY COUPON” section, at the time of purchasing the relevant Goods.
If you return any Goods to us that were purchased using a Code, the value of the discount applied to your original purchase cannot be used for subsequent purchases.
International orders
We currently permit international orders for delivery to New Zealand, United Kingdom, United States of America and Canada only.
International orders are not subject to Australian Goods and Services Tax (GST), but may be subject to local applicable duties, fees, levies and taxes. They may also be subject to charges for customs clearance under local customs laws or formalities. These are levied by the importing country at the time that the Goods are delivered to your destination country. The recipient of international orders, as the importer, is responsible for paying all applicable local duties, fees, levies, taxes and charges for customs clearance.
For orders for goods to be shipped to:
New Zealand, please see https://www.customs.govt.nz/personal/duty-and-gst/ for information on duty and New Zealand GST;
United Kingdom please see https://www.gov.uk/goods-sent-from-abroad/tax-and-duty for information on tax and duties payable in the United Kingdom;
United States of American please see https://www.cbp.gov/trade/basic-import-export/internet-purchases for information on buyer responsibilities in relation to internet purchases;
Canada please see https://www.cbsa-asfc.gc.ca/import/courier/lvs-efv/prsn-eng.html for information on importing goods for personal use in Canada.
If you are purchasing goods for delivery to someone else overseas, you should ensure that they are aware that they are responsible for any such additional charges, if applicable.
Some countries may have restrictions in place in respect of certain materials or products. We are not responsible or liable for any delay or failure to deliver any Goods ordered from us as a result of any such legal, customs or regulatory restrictions.
If we consider that a delivery may be subject to any legal, customs or regulatory restrictions in a destination country, we may refuse to place the order at our discretion.
Your financial services provider may charge currency conversion and administration fees on purchases of Goods and on any refunds that we provide in accordance with these Terms.
Currency conversion
You are buying from an Australian company and we charge you for the Goods in Australian dollars unless stated otherwise. The actual price charged to overseas customers will be subject to the exchange rate applied by the relevant payment processor. The payment processor may also charge merchant or other fees in relation to the currency conversion.
Where a currency conversion is required through PayPal, it will be subject to PayPal’s terms and conditions available at https://www.paypal.com/au/webapps/mpp/ua/useragreement-full Where a currency conversion is required through Stripe, it will be subject to Stripe’s relevant terms. Please see https://stripe.com/docs/currencies for more information. Where a currency conversion is required through Afterpay, it will be subject to Afterpay’s relevant terms. Please see https://www.afterpay.com/en-AU/terms-of-service for more information.
Shipping
Shipping – Australia
The shipping fee is set out in the ‘Cart’ section of the Website when you place an order for Goods.
From time to time, we offer free shipping for standard delivery, within Australia for purchases through the Website.
If we offer free shipping, it only applies:
to individual orders in excess of the amount specified in the relevant offer;
during the time period specified in the relevant offer, as notified by us to customers; and
to standard delivery within Australia.
When we offer free shipping, no cash alternatives will be given. Free shipping may be subject to additional terms, as notified to you at the time that the free shipping is offered.
If you are eligible for free shipping, in accordance with the applicable terms stated in the offer and these Terms, you are responsible for selecting the correct postage option at checkout stage to obtain free shipping.
Shipping – international orders
At this time, we only offer international delivery to New Zealand, United Kingdom, United States of America and Canada. From time to time, we offer free shipping for standard delivery, within New Zealand for purchases through the Website.
If we offer free shipping, it only applies:
to individual orders in excess of the amount specified in the relevant offer;
during the time period specified in the relevant offer, as notified by us to customers; and
to standard delivery within New Zealand.
When we offer free shipping, no cash alternatives will be given. Free shipping may be subject to additional terms, as notified to you at the time that the free shipping is offered.
If you are eligible for free shipping, in accordance with the applicable terms stated in the offer and these Terms, you are responsible for selecting the correct postage option at checkout stage to obtain free shipping.
Delivery times for international deliveries vary depending on the destination. The relevant delivery fee is set out in the ‘Cart’ section on the Website, when you place your order for Goods.
Payments through Afterpay are not available for orders for delivery outside of Australia, New Zealand, United Kingdom and United States of America.
As stated above in the International orders section of these Terms, international shipments are subject to controls by customs authorities in the destination country. This may delay delivery of international orders. We are not liable for any loss or delay caused by our international courier or due to any local customs issues, including inspection or confiscation of any goods by local authorities in the destination country.
You, or the recipient in the destination country, may be contacted by local customs authorities, Australia Post or another courier company using the contact details you provide to provide further information or documentation and authorisation to import the order into the relevant country.
All shipping – risk, title and processing
All risk with respect to loss or damage for a Good ordered through the Services passes to you upon delivery to the delivery address.
Title to the Goods passes to you when we have received payment for them.
Goods are not available for collection. They will be dispatched to the delivery address that you provide to us in the order for the Goods. We will notify you when the Goods will be dispatched.
We will aim to dispatch (not including shipping) your order within 1-2 business days (Monday to Friday, excl public holidays in Victoria, Australia) of receiving your order. You will receive an email from Australia Post with your tracking number once your order has been dispatched. Processing may take longer during certain times of year, such as prior to Christmas each year. Delivery (shipping) of your order is between 3 – 10 business days from the dispatch date. Delivery times will vary depending on the destination.
We do not process orders until our relevant payment processor, (Stripe, PayPal or AfterPay) confirms to us that it has received payment for the relevant Goods.
We usually use Australia Post for our deliveries. Australia Post’s delivery times vary depending on delivery location and are subject to change. For information on Australia Post’s standard delivery times and delivery terms for Australian and international deliveries, please see https://auspost.com.au/.
For deliveries:
to New Zealand, please see https://auspost.com.au/business/shipping/international-shipping/ship-to-new-zealand;
to United Kingdom, please see https://auspost.com.au/business/shipping/check-sending-guidelines/international-post-guide/results/united-kingdom;
to United States of America, please see https://auspost.com.au/business/shipping/check-sending-guidelines/international-post-guide/results/united-states;
to Canada, please see https://auspost.com.au/business/shipping/check-sending-guidelines/international-post-guide/results/canada.
We do not have any control over delivery times once orders have been dispatched from our warehouse. To the extent permitted by law, we are not liable for any loss, damage or delay caused by Australia Post or any other delivery company used by us.
You must ensure that you the nominated recipient of the Goods are able to take delivery of the Goods without undue delay and at a time reasonably specified by us, Australia Post or any other delivery company used by us. If you or the nominated recipient are not able to take delivery of the Goods at the specified time, the delivery company may leave a card giving instructions on collection or re-delivery. If you or the nominated recipient do not collect the Goods or take delivery of the Goods on re-delivery, the Goods will be returned to us.
Consumer Guarantees and Returns
We do not provide refunds or exchanges for change of mind purchases. When you purchase clothing through the Services, please ensure that you select your correct size.
Our Goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. We will replace the item (or at our discretion we may repair or refund you) within a reasonable time.
If the Goods are faulty or damaged, please email us at info@vegemite.com.au, and include the following information:
the order number;
clear photograph(s) of the Goods; and
a description of the Goods and the fault or damage.
If the Goods are faulty or damaged, we will let you know whether you need to return the item to us and if so, we will send you a prepaid satchel. Please place the faulty or damaged Good in the prepaid satchel, when you receive it, and post it back to us.
Please return items within 28 days of the date you receive them.
Where an item is damaged through misuse or abnormal use, we will not provide a refund, exchange or repair.
We will require satisfactory proof of purchase before providing a remedy under the Australian Consumer Law.
Afterpay returns – for residents in Australia, New Zealand, United Kingdom and United States only.
If you have purchased Goods through the Website using Afterpay and you wish to return them in accordance with these Terms, you will still be subject to your agreement with Afterpay. You will be liable to continue to make your scheduled payments to Afterpay, in accordance with the terms of your agreement with Afterpay until we have issued a refund to Afterpay for those Goods. Any refund issued to you will be in accordance with Afterpay’s Terms. Please see https://www.afterpay.com/en-AU/terms-of-service for more information on Afterpay’s Terms.
Recalls
In the unlikely event that any Goods are subject to a product recall, we will post a notice to the Website. You can return any Goods subject to such a notice to us in accordance with the instructions in the recall notice.
If there is a product recall, you consent to us contacting you or the recipient of the relevant Goods by email, SMS, MMS, telephone or post with respect to the recall.
Website, online store and your privacy
Our privacy policy, which forms part of these Terms is available at https://vegemite.com.au/privacy-policy/. This provides further information on how we collect, use, hold and disclose personal information, how to request access to and correction of your personal information, how to complain if you believe we have mishandled your personal information and how we will handle your complaint. It also provides additional information for users from the European Union.
When you access third party sites through the Website, such as our payment processors, Stripe, PayPal and Afterpay, any personal information that you provide to them will be subject to their privacy policies. We are not liable for any loss suffered by you or any other person due to personal information provided by you to such third parties.
Jurisdiction
The information on our sites is presented to provide information about Bega, its associated companies and their products. We do not imply that the information on the sites is appropriate or available for use outside Australia.
These Terms of Use are governed by the law of Victoria, Australia.
These terms were last updated in November 2019.
Cookie NoticeWe use cookies and other technologies to ensure the best possible experience of our site. We recommend that you enable all cookies to get fullest that our website has to offer.
However, if you’d prefer, you can customise your cookies using the ‘Cookies Settings’ button below.
Cookie settings ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept
Create a new list
Australian dollarCanadian dollarPound sterlingNew Zealand dollarUnited States (US) dollar
Join the VEGEMITE family & get 10% off your first Mitey Merch order*
First Name *
Last Name *
Email address *
Birthday (optional)
/
In which country do you live in? (optional)
(please select)
Australia
Canada
New Zealand
United Kingdom
United States
Acknowledgement
I agree to the information collection statement below
By checking the above box and submitting your information in this form, you consent to Bega Cheese Limited (Bega) collecting, using and sharing your personal information (some of which is marked optional) to register you for the Vegemite mailing list to provide you with our newsletters, discount offers, recipes and other information published by Vegemite. We use our service provider Mailchimp in the US whose privacy policy can be found here to manage our mailing list. Any personal information collected will otherwise be handled and held in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can withdraw your consent and be removed from the mailing list at any time. To do so or to access or change your information held by Bega, please email us at privacy@vegemite.com.au or call 1800 571 833 or write to Vegemite c/o Bega’s details in our Privacy Policy. You can also unsubscribe from the mailing list using the function in the emails you receive from Bega.
*The 10% OFF offer is only valid on orders over $24.95 AUD (not including shipping) for Australian and New Zealand residents on the first order. This discount is not valid in conjunction with other promotions or discounts.
The offer period expires on 11.59pm AEST on 31st December 2020 and the code must be used within 30 days of receiving it.
[shipping_indicator]