http://velocityelec.com/privacy-statement
Part Search
Begins With
Exact Match
Privacy Statement
Online Privacy Policy for Velocity Electronics, Corp.
Velocity Electronics, Corp. and its affiliates (“Velocity”, “us” or “we”) appreciate that you may be concerned about the privacy of personal information that you provide to us through our website located at www.velocityelec.com. Your privacy is important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Privacy Policy to inform you of Velocity's policy and practice regarding information we collect about you on our website. If you have additional questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our offline practices for personal information you may provide to Velocity through means other than our website.
Important Notice
Your use of the Velocity website (the “Site”) constitutes your agreement with the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy outlined below, and all applicable laws. The terms of this Privacy Policy are subject to change without notice.
Scope
By using the Site, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information and data as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 20, 2006.
Collection
If you browse our Site, we may collect and store your IP (Internet Protocol) addresses, your domain name, and your browser and platform type (e.g. Netscape browser on a Microsoft platform). The information may be used to provide us with demographic information and visitor browsing habits.
On some pages, we may ask you for your company and/or your personal information. For example, if you are a customer, we will need your personal and company information to register you and provide you with a user name and password. We may need access to your personal information, and therefore you may not remain anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information to our servers.
We may collect and store the following information:
Name, email address, phone number, gender, responses to any surveys or solicitations, company name, business type, business address, job position, and similar information about your business;
correspondence sent to us;
computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Site, and other information, including IP address and standard web log information; and
supplemental information from third parties. (For example, if the information you provide cannot be verified, we may ask you to send us additional information (such as your drivers license number, credit card information, etc.), or to answer additional questions online to help verify your information.)
Marketing
We don't sell, share or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may use your personal information, including e-mail address to communicate with you regarding your transactions with us, to notify you of special offers or programs, to respond to your queries, or for tracking information. We may also use your personal information to share information about Velocity that may be of interest to you. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies (such as demographic data) to improve and personalize our services. We may use your personal information for internal research and marketing efforts. If you don't wish to receive marketing communications from us, simply indicate your desire to opt out by e-mailing us, mailing us, or telephoning us at the email address, mailing address, and telephone number provided below.
Velocity ElectronicsAddress: 2208 Energy Drive, Austin, Texas 78758Email: information@velocityelec.comPhone Number: (512) 973-9500
Use
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized online experience. We may use your personal information for our internal purposes, and share your information with our corporate affiliates and other members of our corporate family, or with our member institutions, and service providers. You agree that we may use your personal information for the uses specified below, including but not limited to:
providing services such related to the buying and selling of products and services to your company;
tracking your queries, and building a user database with preferences to expedite future requests;
resolving disputes, and troubleshooting problems;
preventing potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and to enforce our “User Agreement”;
improving the Site's content and layout;
telling you about targeted marketing, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences; and verifying it with third parties. If you prefer not to be contacted with our promotional offers, products or services, please notify us at the mailing address, email address or phone number provided above. You may also contact us by any of the methods specified above to correct or update any individual information on you. Further, it may take us some time to process your request not to be contacted with our promotional offers, products or services.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, or to enforce our policies.
We may also share your personal information with:
corporate affiliates and other members of our corporate family to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services;
service providers who help with our business operations; (such as fraud investigations etc.)
other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information; (or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using this Site)
law enforcement or other governmental officials, in response to a request relating to an investigation or alleged illegal activity;
other business entities, should we plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity. (Should such a combination occur, we will request that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy or a substantially similar policy with respect to your personal information.)
Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement, other government officials, or other third parties without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small files that may either be placed on your hard drive upon your visit to the Site, or stored in our browser. We use cookies to record your session information and to record user-specific information on the pages you view. We use “cookies” to measure the activity on our Site and to target specific information for you. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies.
A few important things you should know about cookies are that:
We offer certain features that are only available through the use of cookies.
We use cookies to help identify you.
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of the Site.
Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information
You can see, review and change most of your personal information by logging into the Site. Generally, we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate. We do retain personal information in order to comply with law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our User Agreement, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
Security
Your information is stored on our internet database and in our servers. We treat data as an asset that must be protected and use certain tools (encryption, passwords, physical security, etc.) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, as you probably know, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications on the Site. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
Children's Online Privacy
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act took effect on April 21, 2000 and pertains to Web sites directed towards children under 13 years of age. We do not collect information on any person under 13 years. By using our Site, you represent that you are not under 13 years of age.
Links to Third Party Websites
Our Site may offer links to other third-party websites which may have information and privacy policies different from ours. We do not control and are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of any third party websites.
Non-U.S. Residents
If you do not reside in the U.S. and are visiting our website, and if you provide us with personal information, please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to and processed on computers in the U.S. and other countries. You expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your information by our computer servers, which may be located in the U.S. or in other countries.
General
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on the Site. By accessing or using the Site, you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy as posted at the time of your access or use. All amended terms automatically take effect the next day after they are initially posted on the Site. Further, this Privacy Policy supplements and is incorporated into the Velocity Electronics, L.P. User Agreement.
Effective Date: December 20, 2006.