https://veritrust.net/privacy-policy/
Home
Services
Records Management
Scanning & Imaging
Data Protection & Vaulting
Secure Shredding
Custodian of Records
Business Support
Solutions
Legal
Financial
Healthcare
Energy
Service Areas
Greater Houston Area
San Antonio
Greater Austin Area
About Us
Why Choose Us
Join Our Team
Contact Us
Client Support
Medical Records Request
Blog
Privacy Policy
Effective January, 2020
This privacy statement describes how Veritrust Corporation collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Web site: veritrust.net It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our site you visited.
We also collect the following information from you:
Information about your business such as company name, company size, business type
Demographic information such as household income, age, education, gender, interests, and zip code
As is true of most Web sites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system.
We use this information to:
Assess your needs to determine suitable products or services
Send you requested product or service information
Send product updates or warranty information
Respond to customer service requests
Send you marketing communications
Improve our Web site and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
Respond to your questions and concerns
Choice/Opt-Out
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at marketing@veritrust.net.
Information Obtained from Third Parties
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
if Veritrust Corporation is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Tracking Technologies
We or a third party contracted by us may use technologies such as cookies, Web beacons, or scripts to gather information about how you and others interact with our Web site. For example, we will know how many users access specific areas or features within our site and which links or ads they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you.
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at marketing@veritrust.net.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at marketing@veritrust.net. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Other Information
Our Web site includes third party hosted widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide single-purpose services (e.g. sharing of articles, videos, etc.). Personal information, like your email address, may be collected and cookies may be set so the widget can work properly. The information through the widget is subject to the widget provider’s privacy policy
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at marketing@veritrust.net.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.