https://viar.it/privacy-policy/
OVER 35 YEARS OF SUCCESSFUL STORIES
DISCOVER
PRIVACY POLICY
(Information, pursuant to articles 12, 13, 14 of the European Privacy Regulation No. 2016/679 – Information pursuant to article 13 – D.Lgs.196 / 2003)
This page describes the privacy policies adopted by the company VIAR S.p.A., in relation to the processing of personal data, both through the institutional website and during normal activities. It is recalled that personal data means any information relating to an individual, identified or identifiable person.
This is an information that is provided pursuant to art. 13 of the legislative decree n. 196/2003 – Code regarding the protection of personal data and art. 13 of EU Regulation 679/2016. The information is also based on the Recommendation n. 2/2001 that the European Authorities for the protection of personal data, gathered in the Group established by the art. 29 of the directive n. 95/46 / EC, adopted on 17 May 2001 to identify certain minimum requirements for the collection of personal data online, and, in particular, the methods, timing and nature of the information that the data controllers must provide to the users when they connect to web pages, regardless of the purpose of the link. The information is provided only for the website www.viar.it not for other websites that may be consulted by the user through links.
The data provided will be processed in compliance with the aforementioned rules, responding to the obligations of confidentiality and lawfulness that inspires the Owner and for the time strictly necessary for which they were collected.
It should be noted that this document is published at www.viar.it and represents the Privacy Policy of VIAR S.p.A. and of this site and can be changed due to updates.
If the information provided is considered unclear or insufficient it is possible:
contact the Data Controller at the addresses indicated below;
view the website of the Privacy Authority (www.garanteprivacy.it).
General information, valid for any treatment scope:
The data controller is the company VIAR S.p.A. in the person of the legal representative, who has appointed a general data protection manager.
For any information, or to exercise the rights referred to in Articles from 7 to 10 of Legislative Decree 196/2003 and referred to in Articles. from 15 to 22 of EU Regulation N. 2016/679, you can contact the Owner / Manager at the following addresses:
Tel: +39.0331.271027
Fax: +39. 0331.908669
Email: privacy@viar.it
Address: Via del Saliccio 11 / A 21040 Sumirago (VA)
Through these contacts it is also possible to request to be able to revoke any consent previously granted for the processing of personal data that require it. If the company fails to respond within the stipulated deadline, the interested party has the right to lodge a complaint with a control unit.
In short, the articles of the law, cited in the previous point, guarantee to the data subjects the rights to access their personal data, to request their correction, portability, updating and cancellation (oblivion), and to oppose their treatment ( limitation and opposition) or to any automated decision-making processes (the company does not use it), for legitimate reasons.
The interested parties can request at any time, without formalities, the identification details of the appointed Data Processor. It is also possible to request the scope of communication of personal data, obtaining precise indications on any external subjects operating as managers, persons in charge or independent data controllers (consultants, technicians, credit institutes, companies providing services, etc.). The data will not be communicated or transferred beyond national borders (*).
In general, any treatment is based on principles of lawfulness, fairness and transparency, guaranteeing the rights of the data subject through an adequate level of protection and confidentiality of data (through security measures aimed at preventing data loss, illicit or incorrect use. and unauthorized access).
Specific information regarding the processing of data in different areas:
2.1. Data automatically detected by the technologies of the sites
The computer systems and software procedures used to operate the website acquire, during their normal operation, some anonymous data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This is information that is not collected to be associated with identified interested parties, but which by their very nature could, through processing and association with data held by third parties, allow users to be identified. This category of data includes IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by users connecting to the site, the addresses in the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) notation of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (success, error, etc.) and other parameters relating to the operating system and the user’s computer environment. These data are used on the basis of the legitimate interest of the owner, for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the site and to check its correct functioning and are deleted immediately after processing; the data could be used to ascertain responsibility in case of hypothetical IT crimes to the detriment of the site, and may therefore be provided upon request to the Judicial Authority. The data can be accessed by internal staff or external subjects who provide support services linked to the site.
2.2. Cookies
Cookies Policy
2.3. Data supplied by the user through the functions of the site
Some sections of the site (request information) provide for the compilation of some personal data by the user. In this case, the lawfulness of the processing derives from the consent expressed by the interested party, upon the free conferment of their data, through an unequivocal positive action (selection of the appropriate box). The data will be processed exclusively for the purpose of responding to requests submitted by the user. The provision of data is necessary in order to respond completely and correctly to requests. The data will be stored for periods compatible with the purpose of collection and subsequently deleted. The data can be communicated to third parties only when it is functional to give correct feedback to the interested party. The optional, explicit and voluntary sending of e-mails to the addresses indicated on this site entails the subsequent acquisition of the sender’s address, as well as any other personal data included in the message. These data will be used exclusively to respond to requests. In this case, the lawfulness of the processing derives from the consent expressed by the interested party, at the time of the free conferment of their data, which in itself is already an unequivocal positive action. If it is deemed appropriate to provide further information, in addition to this, specific summary information will be progressively reported or displayed on the pages of the site prepared for particular services on request.
2.4. Use of data for commercial communications
For the sending of commercial and promotional information (by post, e-mail, telephone contact and SMS) a specific and free consent will be requested, through the check of a special check-box. We inform you that this consent may be freely revoked at any time, also by using the appropriate disclaimers included in promotional messages.
2.5. Data acquired in the course of normal business operations (from customers/suppliers)
The identification data, as well as any other information necessary for the execution of the contract, are collected from the interested party. Personal data are processed as part of normal activities for purposes related to and instrumental to the management of existing contractual relationships, as well as for the fulfillment of accounting, tax or legal obligations. In this case, the lawfulness of the processing derives from the execution of existing contracts, and from compliance with the related regulatory obligations. Personal data are processed electronically or on paper, for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which they were collected. Specific security measures are observed to prevent data loss, illicit or incorrect use and unauthorized access. The conferment of data is optional, however any refusal to provide such data could lead to failure or partial execution of the contract. Personal data provided or acquired during the execution of the contract may be communicated to third parties who perform functions connected or instrumental to our activity.
2.6. Communication and propagation of data
Personal data collected by the owner will not be “disseminated”, ie they will not be made aware of indeterminate subjects; on the other hand, such data may be “communicated”, ie they will be made aware of one or more specific subjects, as specified below:
collaborators as People authorized to process personal data in the areas of competence;
to third parties to whom the Data Controller refers for the execution of services of a promotional, professional and technical nature, outsourced and duly assigned to the processing of data as Data Processors, functional to the aforementioned purposes;
post and other correspondence companies for the shipment of informative material;
to public entities that can access your data under the provisions of law or regulation, within the limits set by these rules;
Last Update 23/05/2018
CONTACTS
GET IN TOUCH
Fill in the form below to get in touch with us:
Name
Lastname
Email
Subject
Message
Accept Privacy Terms & Conditions
Send
Proseguendo nella navigazione su questo sito, chiudendo la fascetta informativa o facendo click in una qualsiasi parte della pagina o scorrendola per evidenziare ulteriore contenuto, si accetta la Cookie Policy.Leggi di più