https://vidaps.dk/privacy-policy/
INTRODUCTION
We care about the privacy and digital safety of our customers and business partners, and we want you to feel secure when visiting our websites and using our services.
This privacy policy contains information on:
Who we are,
What information we collect
Cookies,
How we use your personal information,
Legal basis for processing personal data,
Sharing your personal data,
Storing and processing your personal data,
Securing your personal data,
For how long we keep your personal data,
Your rights in relation to personal data,
Linking to other websites/third party content,
How to contact us.
Our privacy policy applies to our websites www.vid.eu (main domain www.vidaps.dk) and www.tunprotec.com, our distributor extranet, our newsletter services and our social media platforms. We encourage you to read the information below carefully, and should you have any questions or concerns do not hesitate to contact us via e-mail sales@vidaps.dk or phone +45 6262 1024.
1. Who Are We?
We are a world-leading manufacturer and developer of low-pressure watermist fire protection equipment under the brands FireKill™ and TUNPROTEC®. Collected data is handled and stored by VID fire-Kill ApS, who serves as data controller.
Company details:
VID Fire-Kill ApS, Svalbardvej 13, 5700 Svendborg, Denmark
Phone: +45 6262 1024
Fax: +45 6262 3163
E-mail: sales@vidaps.dk
Website:   www.vid.eu
2. What Information Do We Collect?
The data you provide to us depends on the service you use.
2.1. Newsletter:
When signing up for our newsletter we need your e-mail address. E-mail addresses and newsletter preferences are stored by third-party supplier, MailChimp. You can find details on this third-party supplier here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
2.2. Courses and events:
When signing up for one of our courses, we need your full name, full company address, VAT number, direct phone number and/or mobile number and e-mail address. We use this for invoicing, accommodation booking and course/event updates and information prior to and after the course/event.
2.3. Distributor Extranet:
When signing up for a distributor Extranet account, we need your full name and e-mail address. This data is stored by third-party supplier of Cloud Drive, Nettekniker. You can find details about this third-party supplier here: www.nettekniker.dk.
2.4. Customers and suppliers:
We store customer and supplier company names, contact details and VAT numbers in our ERP-system, e-mail archives and electronic catalog.
2.5. Cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies:
We intend to use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels, ad tags and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices. You can control cookies through your browser settings and other tools.
2.6. Your device and location:
When you visit or leave our services (including our plugins or cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to next. We also get information about your IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, and/or ISP or your mobile carrier. If you use our services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
2.7. Service use:
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services. We use Google Analytics to identify you and log your use. You can read more about Google’s privacy policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB . We also receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by our third-party suppliers.
3. Cookies
Our website uses cookies, which is a text file stored on your computer, mobile, tablet etc. with the purpose of recognizing it, remembering settings, performing statistics and targeting ads. Cookies cannot contain damaging code like virus e.g.
It is possible to delete or block cookies via your browser settings. However, if you delete or block cookies ads will be less relevant and occur more often. There is also a risk that the website does not function correctly and that you cannot access all content.
Our website also contains third party cookies – currently from Google Analytics and MailChimp. See section 2 for links to their privacy policies.
4. How Do We Use Personal Information?
We use the data that we have about you to:
4.1. Provide and personalize our services so that they can be more relevant and useful to you and others, which is why we intend to use cookies and similar technologies and why we use Google Analytics,
4.2. Account set up and administration,
4.3. Delivering marketing and events communication, to which you have agreed by signing up for our Newsletters or by contract if you are a distributor. You can always opt out by e-mailing sales@vidaps.dk or sales@tunprotec.com or by using the opt out link in our Newsletters.
4.4. Hosting courses and events, to which you sign up yourself,
4.5. Carrying out polls and surveys, which help us improve usefulness and relevance of our services,
4.6. Providing goods and services,
4.7. Internal research and development purposes,
4.8. Customer support in cases of problems and malfunction of our services,
4.9. Meeting internal audit requirements.
5. What Legal Basis Do We Have for Processing Your Personal Data?
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested)) and “legitimate interests”. Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us – sales@vidaps.dk.
6. When Do We Share Personal Data?
We always treat personal data confidentially and we will never share or disclose your data, unless it is necessary to provide our services or conduct our business operations, as in the following cases:
6.1. Newsletter – your e-mail address and usage data are stored by a third-party supplier,
6.2. Distributor extranet – your e-mail address, name and usage data are stored by a third-party supplier,
6.3. Shipment of goods – we will share name, postal address and phone number with our shipping supplier.
7. Where Do We Store and Process Personal Data?
We store and process all data according to the GPDR of May 25th, 2018 and we always rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Data is stored and processed within the EU except for data stored and processed by Google Analytics. They have servers around the world. You can read more about their server locations here: https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations/?hl=en_GB
8. How Do We Secure Personal Data?
We have implemented appropriate security procedures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. Access to your personal data is limited to those employees or other parties who have a business related need for knowing it. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have implemented procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and we will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
9. For How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Data?
Your personal data is stored for as long as legislation allows us to and according to contractual obligations. Unless legislation prevents us from doing so we will delete your data when it is no longer necessary or if you ask us to. The data storage period depends on type of data and the reason for storing it, which is why it is not possible to state a general timeframe.
10. Your Rights in Relation to Personal Data
For personal data that we have about you, you always have the right to:
10.1. Delete Data: You have the right to have all or some of your personal data deleted (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide services to you),
10.2. Change or correct data: You have the right to have your personal data edited through your account. You also have the right to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate,
10.3. Object to, or limit or restrict, use of data: You have the right to make us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held),
10.4. Right to access and/or take your data: You can always request a copy of your personal data and a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form,
If you wish to claim any of the above rights, you can contact us via sales@vidaps.dk or by phone +45 6262 1024.
11. Linking to Other Websites / Third Party Content
On our websites you can find links to our distributor’s websites. These websites are their own independent sites, and we do not take any responsibility for the content of any of these sites. We also link to our various social media accounts. We only take responsibility for the content developed and shared/posted by ourselves and not the overall website content of each social media provider, nor third-party social media content.
12. How to Contact Us
You are always welcome to contact us if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy.
12.1. You can either write to us: VID Fire-Kill ApS, Svalbardvej 13, 5700 Svendborg, Denmark
12.2. You can call or fax us: Phone: +45 6262 1024, fax: +45 6262 3163
12.3. You can e-mail us: sales@vidaps.dk
Copyright © 2020 VID Fire-Kill ApS