http://videoencoding.biz/privacy-policy
Skip to content
jeff@videoencoding.biz01908 263634PennylanevideoMon to Fri 9 to 5YouTube page opens in new windowFacebook page opens in new window
Pennylane Video Cine Film Video to DVD Phones, Tablets Contact Us Feedback
Privacy policyYou are here:HomePrivacy policy
Tweet
Use of Cookies on Our Website
Pennylane Video
Cookies are small text files that can be used by web sites to make a user’s experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your machine if they are essential to the operation of this site but that for all others we need your permission to do so.
Pennylane Video does use some non-essential cookies. We do not do this to track individual users or to identify them, but to gain useful knowledge about how the site is used so that we can keep improving it for our users. Without the knowledge we gain from the systems that use these cookies we would not be able to provide the service we do.
This site uses different types of cookie.
We use Google Analytics, a popular web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use the site. It counts the number of visitors and tells us things about their behaviour overall – such as the typical length of stay on the site or the average number of pages a user views.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google undertakes not to associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. You can access them through some types of browser.
More information about cookies, including how to block them or delete them, can be found atAboutCookies.org.
Some third party cookies are set by services that appear on our pages. They are set by the operators of that service and are not in our control. They are set by Twitter, Facebook and inShare and relate to the ability of users to share content on this site, as indicated by these icons:
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. You can access them through some types of browser.
Send Us A MessageName *
E-mail *
Telephone *
Message *
Submit
Pages
Cine Film Transfer, Video to DVD, Computer file transfer
COVID-19
Phones and Tablets, Memory Cards We can get the photos, videos Off for you. To USB or The Cloud
Cine Film Transfer, Cine Film To DVD, Cine to Computer files
Video Transfer, Video to Files, VHS to DVD, VHS to USB, Camcorder Tapes to DVD, Camcorder Tapes to Files, Video Tape to DVD, Video Tape to Files
Feedback
Contact Us
Go to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.