http://vigeo-eiris.com/privacy-legal-information/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Cookie PolicyVigeoEiris2019-09-23T11:02:51+01:00
Vigeo Eiris
Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by the websites that you visit. They are used to make websites work, to improve website efficiency and user experience, and to provide website usage information. The Vigeo Eiris website uses cookies to facilitate browsing and ensure that our web pages are displayed properly.
Vigeo Eiris does not use cookies to store personal information, nor to disclose information to third parties.
There are two different types of cookies: permanent and temporary (session cookies). Permanent cookies are stored as files in your computer or mobile device for a maximum of 24 months. Session cookies are stored temporarily and disappear when you close your browser.
You can easily delete or disable cookies on your computer or mobile device. For instructions, please refer to the help section of your browser. According to your preferences, you can deactivate cookies completely, or ask to be informed each time a new cookie is transmitted to your computer or mobile device. Please note that deactivating all cookies may affect some website functionality.
Third party cookies
We use third party cookies to collect statistics for tools such as Google Analytics to help us understand how people use our website. These can be permanent or temporary (session) cookies. Permanent cookies are stored in your computer or your mobile device for a maximum of 24 months.
MissionVision & Mission
Values
History
CSR Policy
MethodologyMethodology & Quality Assurance
GovernanceExecutive Committee
Scientific Committee
StakeholdersPartnerships
Dialogue with Civil Society & Trade Unions
Contact us
Belgium
Chile
France
Hong-Kong
Italy
Morocco
United Kingdom
USA
Brazil
Sitawi
Germany
Imug
Israel
Greeneye
Japan
Quick
0
Offices
0
People
0
Nationalities
0
Partners
We use cookies to give you the best experience of our website. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our cookie policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time.OkCookie policy