https://villere.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Privacy Statement & Important Legal Disclosures In the course of doing business with St. Denis J. Villere & Company, you share personal and financial information with us. We treat the information as confidential and recognize the importance of protecting access to it. You may provide information when communicating or transacting with us in writing, electronically or by phone. For instance, information may come from applications, requests for forms or literature, and your transactions and account positions with us. On occasions, such information may come from consumer reporting agencies and those providing services to us. We do not sell information about current or former customers to any third parties, and we do not disclose it to third parties unless necessary to process a transaction, service an account, or as otherwise permitted by law. We may share information within the St. Denis J. Villere & Company family of companies in the course of providing or offering products and services to best meet your investing needs. We may also share that information with companies that perform administrative or marketing services for St. Denis J. Villere & Company. When we enter into such a relationship, our contracts restrict the companies’ use of our customer information, prohibiting them from sharing or using it for any purposes other than those for which they were hired. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect our personal information. Within St. Denis J. Villere & Company, access to such information is limited to those who need it to perform their jobs, such as providing advice and servicing your accounts or informing you of new products or services. Finally, our Code of Ethics, which applies to all employees, restricts the use of customer information and requires that it be held in strict confidence. Due to market volatility, fund performance may fluctuate substantially over the short-term and current performance may differ from that shown. Please read the prospectus carefully before you invest or send money. The prospectus contains more complete information including charges and expenses. Distributed through Quasar Distributors, LLC, Milwaukee, WI. Click here for Prospectus on the Villere Balanced Fund Click here for Summary Prospectus on the Villere Balanced Fund Click here for a New Account Application The Fund commenced operations on September 30, 1999. Investments in new public offerings may have a material impact on the Fund’s performance. Recent past performance of a new fund should not be regarded as an indicator of future returns. Investment returns and principal will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Total return for the Villere Balanced Fund reflects a fee waiver in effect and in the absence of this waiver, the total returns would be reduced. Shares of the Villere Balanced Fund are currently offered only in the United States and are not registered for sale in any jurisdiction other than the United States. This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful.
×
Subscribe for updates
First Name
Last Name
Email
Individual InvestorFinancial ProfessionalInstitutional InvestorOther