https://virginiamortgagelender.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome » Privacy PolicyPRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.virginiamortgagelender.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
– See what data we have about you, if any.
– Change/correct any data we have about you.
– Have us delete any data we have about you.
– Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Primary SidebarSearch
Search this website
Mortgage Rate Alerts & Market Updates
Sign up to receive mortgage rate alerts and market updates delivered to your inbox!
Recent Posts
Kiplinger: Live Well in Retirement with the help of a Reverse Mortgage
A Reverse Mortgage can be a Retirees Saving Grace
Mortgage Rates At The Lowest Levels Seen In A Month
How to Submit a Down Payment Gift Letter that Won’t Get Turned Down by the Lender
Homebuilders Planning For Biggest New Home Sales Surge Since 2007
US Mortgage of Virginia
Looking for a low rate home loan? You will find low rate loans at US Mortgage of Virginia. We designed this mortgage site to give you all the information you need to assist you in obtaining financing for your home.
US Mortgage of Virginia is one of the largest mortgage lenders in Virginia. We offer low rate home loans for home purchase, refinance, and Reverse Mortgages throughout all of Virginia.
Footer1st Nations Mortgage
Looking for a low rate home loan? You will find low rate home loans at 1st Nations Mortgage. We designed this mortgage site to give you all the information you need to assist you in obtaining financing for your new home.
1st Nations Mortgage is one of the largest mortgage brokers in Virginia. We offer low rate home loans for Home Purchase, Refinance, Reverse Mortgage and Debt Consolidation throughout all of Virginia.
Recent Posts
Kiplinger: Live Well in Retirement with the help of a Reverse Mortgage
A Reverse Mortgage can be a Retirees Saving Grace
Mortgage Rates At The Lowest Levels Seen In A Month
How to Submit a Down Payment Gift Letter that Won’t Get Turned Down by the Lender
Homebuilders Planning For Biggest New Home Sales Surge Since 2007
Mortgage Rates Today : Real-Time MBS Pricing, April 18, 2013
Regions
Northern Virginia
Arlington
Fairfax
Manassas
Alexandria
Fredericksburg
Tidewater
Virginia Beach
Newport News
Chesapeake
Williamsburg
Richmond
Roanoke
Charlottesville