https://visionedgemarketing.com/privacy-policy/
(512) 681-8800
Register Login Contact
WHY VEMAbout UsAwesome CustomersMedia Center & NewsFind An Event To AttendFAQsContact UsEngage Us to HelpAccountabilityDashboardsMetricsAlignmentMarketing StrategyPositioning and MessagingMarketing PlansData-Derived DecisionsAchieve InnovationAnalytics and ModelsCompetitive IntelligenceCustomer Aquisition and Retention InsightsCustomer JourneyEcosystem-Based StrategiesSegmentationOperational ExcellenceAmplify Your Marketing Performance ManagementProcess Facilitates High PerformanceCollaborative ConsultingInspire and Educate Your Marketing TeamGain Market Traction With Fast-Track Your BusinessInteractive WorkshopsBest Practice Marketing Programs – Inspire Your TeamAudits, Reviews and AssessmentsMPM ReportsOnline ToolsAccelanceAvantageSmartStart ServicesLearning CenterImprove Marketing AccountabilityMarketing Activation & AgilityMarketing AlignmentMarketing Analytics & InsightsMarketing Assessment & AccelerationBLOGMEMBERSMy AccountLogout
Privacy Policy
Fast Track Your Business
Get the Book
As of January 1, 2018
This Privacy Policy governs our policies and practices with respect to the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) and other data that is collected by VisionEdge Marketing, Inc. (“VEM”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”) in connection with our website, located athttps://visionedgemarketing.com (the “Site”) and our mobile applications and related services (together with the Site, the “Service(s)”).
By using our Services you are consenting to our processing of your Personal Information and data as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended. As used herein, “processing” means using or accessing information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, combining and disclosing information. Our servers are located in the United States. Accordingly, if you reside outside the U.S., by using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Information will be transferred to the United States, and processed and stored in the United States. By using our Services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
To make use of certain features on our websites (such as case studies, concept papers, and interactive forums) visitors need to register and to provide certain information as part of the registration process. We may also ask for information from those who buy products or services or conduct other transactions on our websites. (We may ask, for example, for your name, company, title, email address, sex, age, zip code or credit card number, and we might request information on your interest in certain marketing related topics). The information you supply will help us to offer you more personalized features, to tailor our site to your interests and make it more useful to you, and to process e-commerce transactions.
The more you tell us about yourself, the more value we can offer you. Supplying such information is entirely voluntary. But if you don’t supply the information we need, we may be unable to provide you with services we make available to other visitors to our sites. For example, we can’t send you material you may request. And we can’t send you email alerting you to a new service we’re offering, or breaking news that may interest you if you don’t tell us what you’re interested in and give us your email address.
Opting Out of VisionEdge Marketing.
If you are not a user of the Services and wish to opt out, please click email info@visionedgemarketing.com subject line – optout. If you are a current user of the Services, you can opt-out by logging into your account.
Information Collected Upon Registration.
If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of the Services and/or to have access to or use of certain parts of the Services, you will be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain Personal Information to VEM. Personal Information that we may collect in such instances may include your full user name, password, email address, city, time zone, telephone number, and other information that you decide to provide us with, or that you decide to include in your public profile. Should you wish to know what information of yours we have kept on file, email info@visionedgemarketing.com, subject line – personal data inquiry.
From time to time, we may offer contests, sweepstakes or other promotions on our sites. If you enter one of these promotions, you’ll have to provide information about yourself (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) so that we can contact you if you win. We may share this information with any co-sponsor of the promotion, which we will identify in the official rules. If you don’t want us to collect the information requested in the registration form or to provide it to contest co-sponsors, please do not enter the contest or sweepstakes.
Providing additional information beyond what is required at registration is entirely optional, but enables you to better identify yourself and find opportunities in the VEM system. Of course, even if you want to remain completely anonymous, you’re still free to take advantage of the wealth of content available on our site without registration.
Geo-location Data.
VEM receives location information from the Social Media Services (as defined below) that you enable within the Service and also (with your permission) from your mobile device (“Geo-location Data”). We use Geo-location Data to complete your VEM profile (for example, to indicate that you are located in San Francisco), customize the Service to make it more relevant to you (for example, to show you topics in your area) and to offer you location-relevant content (as defined below).
Log Data.
When you interact with the Site or use our Services, our servers automatically receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information (“Log Data”). This Log Data is collected passively and may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the Site pages you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider, the IP address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to provide you with the Services (for example, to provide push notifications on your mobile device) and pool it with other information to monitor the use of the Services, and for the technical administration of the Services. We do not associate your IP address with any other Personal Information to identify you personally, except in cases where we are asked to comply with a subpoena or other legal demand or where we suspect that there has been a violation of our policies, our Terms of Service and/or applicable law.
Cookies.
Like many websites and services, we also use “cookie” technology to collect additional Site usage data and to improve the Site and Services. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk. We do not use cookies to collect Personal Information. Also, our cookies only collect information with respect to your visits to and actions on our Site. VEM may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Services and our Service, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Site, and to improve the Site and our Services. A session cookie enables certain features of the Site and Services and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Site. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
If you continue browsing the site, you are giving implied consent to the use of cookies on this website.
Use of Information.
VEM uses the Personal Information you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We will use your Personal Information in order to provide you with access to and use of our Services, to help us improve the content and functionality of the Services and to better understand our customers. If you contact us by email through the Services, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and may use your email address, and any information that you provide to us in your message, to respond to you. In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about our products and services and the products and services of our partners that we believe may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such marketing information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.
In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of our Services, VEM also often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Information and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and VEM may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. VEM may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
Information Sharing and Disclosure.
We consider your information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Information with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below.
Service Providers.
We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, and joint research. We will share your Personal Information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services.
Partners.
From time to time, VEM may partner with third parties to improve your VEM experience.  As such our partners may request that you provide Personal Information to them directly; please be aware that the privacy policy of such partners will govern their use of your Personal Information. Furthermore, in connection with the operation, promotion, advertising or marketing of our Services, we may provide certain of our partners (e.g., annual MPM survey,  etc.) with Personal Information (e.g., your name or email address) and other content or information related to you (e.g., your company, title), or provide certain of our partners with access to our application programming interfaces (“APIs”) in order to access such information using information (such as Twitter handles) already in their possession. Please note: each time we provide any of your Personal Information or other information to our partners, we only provide information to these partners that is publicly available or publicly viewable in your public profile at the time we provide it.
Social Media Services.
You can choose to access certain third party social media Web sites and services through our Services (such as LinkedIn, Twitter or Facebook) (“Social Media Services”). When you do so, you are sharing information with those Social Media Services, and the information you share will be governed by their privacy policies and terms of service. You may also be able to modify your privacy settings with these Social Media Services to, for example, control what information the Social Media Services disclose to third parties like VEM. When you add Social Media Service accounts to the Service or log into the Service using your Social Media Services account, we will collect relevant information necessary to enable our Service to access that Social Media Service, but you will provide your login information, like your password, directly to such Social Media Service (and not to VEM). As part of such integration, the Social Media Service will provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to such Social Media Service, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and, if and to the extent applicable, the policies of such Social Media Services. However, please remember that the manner in which Social Media Services use, store and disclose your information is governed by the policies of such third parties, and VEM shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Social Media Services that may be enabled within the Service.
Business Transfers.
VEM may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. In the unlikely event that VisionEdge Marketing is acquired by another company, information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets.
Disclosures for Legal Purposes.
VEM may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of VEM, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
Security.
VEM is very concerned about the security of your Personal Information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. We will make any legally-required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored Personal Information to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
Links to Other Websites.
Our Services contain links to other websites. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personally identifiable information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Our Policy Towards Children.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without his/her consent, he or she should contact us at info@visionedgemarketing.com . We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Information through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information via the Services without their permission.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for VEM to make changes to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be updated or modified from time to time for any reason without prior notice. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our Site. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Other Terms and Conditions.
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to the Terms of Service.
Questions.
A final note: The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future, we’ll post the changes before they take effect. By visiting any of our site, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over our privacy practices, is governed by this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us atinfo@visionedgemarketing.com , or:
VisionEdge Marketing, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Matters
POB 342546
Austin, TX  78734
Tel:  512-681-8800
Improve the Value of MarketingAnalytics and Models Make Your Data Payoff
Formulate Positioning and Messaging that Resonates with Your Customers
Ramp Marketing Effectiveness and Performance with Skills, Processes, and Technology
Augment Strategy and Planning with Data and Insights
Bolster Content, Segmentation and Enablement with Personas and Playbooks
Identify, Size and Segment New Markets
Use Pipeline Engineering to Cement Marketing and Sales Alignment and Enablement
Enter New Markets on Solid Ground with Ecosystem Maps
Invest in Your Professional Success
Prove the Value of MarketingAmplify Your Marketing Performance Measurement
Upgrade Your Performance Measurement
Align Your Marketing to Business Results and Architect Customer-Centric Outcome Based Measurable Marketing Plans
Employ Meaningful and Powerful Metrics & Key Performance Indicators
Enumerate Marketing Accountability & ROI
Fine Tune Your Marketing Accountability: Serve Up an Actionable Marketing Dashboard
Benchmark and Audit Your Performance Management Prowess
Marketing ResourcesNewest Articles
Case Studies
Expert Community
Recordings
FAQ
Links & Resources
White Papers
Presentations
PDF Library
© 1999-2020 VisionEdge Marketing • All rights reserved • POB 342546, Austin, TX  78734• 512-681-8800 • Site Map • Privacy Policy