http://visinst.com/privacy-policy/
(661) 945-7999
visinst@earthlink.net
Visual Instrumentation Corporation’s Privacy Policy
updated on May 22, 2018.
Your privacy is important to Visual Instrumentation Corporation. This privacy policy discloses our privacy practices. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
Links to external websites.
Updates to our privacy policy.
How you can contact us regarding any questions or concerns about our privacy policy.
Information Collection, Use, & Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to inform you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to & Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via email or by phone: 661-945-7999:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy policies of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Privacy Policy Updates
Visual Instrumentation Corporation may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about Visual Instrumentation Corporation’s Privacy Policy or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact us immediately via email or by telephone at 661-945-7999. You may also send a letter to the following address:
Visual Instrumentation Corporation
1110 W Ave L12, #2
Lancaster, CA 93534
USA