https://visoenergy.com/privacy-policy/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy Policy
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions (Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested)
To send periodic emails (The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.)
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
DO WE USE COOKIES?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 without first receiving verifiable parental consent we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLY
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on June 08, 2017.
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
info@visoenergy.com
(800) 123-4567
© 2020 VISO ENERGY.
All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
Products
Contact
VISO Energy
Miami Beach, USA
(800) 123-4567