https://vitanica.com/terms-and-conditions-w-privacy-policy/
Home
About Vitanica
About Vitanica
About Dr. Tori Hudson
Products
All Vitanica Products
Bone Support
Breast Health
Cardiovascular Support
Digestion &
Detox
General Body Support
Hair Skin and Nails
Immune Support
Menopause Support
Monthly Care, PMS
Multivitamins
Pregnancy Support
Single Herb
Sleep, Mind & Emotional Support
Suppositories
Tasty Tonics
For Doctors
Store Locator
Online Store
Special Notice
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the Vitanica website, www.vitanica.com (the “Website”) Except as otherwise noted herein, these terms and conditions (“the Terms“) govern your use of the Website. Please read these Terms carefully, because your use of the Website constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you should not access or use the Website. Vitanica reserves the right to make changes to the Website and to these Terms from time to time. When we make changes to the Terms, we will post them here. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms whenever you use our Website because by visiting the Website, you agree to accept any such changes. Vitanica provides you with access to and use of the Website subject to your compliance with the Terms. No material from the Website may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way, except as specifically permitted on the Website.
Cookie Information: When you visit the Site, Vitanica may send one or more cookies—a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters—to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. You can reset your Web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Site may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Accuracy of Information
We attempt to ensure that information on this Website is complete, accurate and current. Despite our efforts, the information on this Website may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. We make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of any information on this Website. For example, products included on this Website may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may carry a different price than that stated on this Website. In addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. While it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. We reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. We also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order.
Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability
Vitanica will not assume any responsibility, or will not be liable, for any damages to, or any viruses that may infect, your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your access to, use of, or browsing this Website, or your downloading of any information or materials from this Website.
The content provided in this website is not intended as a substitute for advice provided by a competent health care professional. You should not use this information in diagnosing or treating a health problem. No claim or opinion on this website is intended to be, nor should be construed to be, medical advice. If you are now taking any drugs, prescribed or not, or have a medical condition, please consult a competent physician who is aware of herb/drug interactions before taking any herbal supplements. The content presented herein has not been evaluated by the FDA or the Department of Health and is not intended to diagnose, prevent or treat any disease or illness.
Termination
You or we may suspend or terminate your account or your use of this Website at any time, for any reason or for no reason. You are personally liable for any orders placed or charges incurred through your account prior to termination. We reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspect of this Website at any time without notice.
Personal Information
We may collect Personal Information that you provide us to improve our website, enhance your web experience and for marketing and promotional purposes. When you call our Call Center about a product, delivery, billing question or for customer service, you may be asked for Personal Information that identifies you along with additional information we need to help us promptly answer your question, such as your name and address and a phone number where we might contact you. We may retain this information to assist you in the future.
If your purchases are being shipped to you, your shipping information will be shared with our delivery service providers (U.S. Postal Service, UPS, or other delivery companies we or you select). Our delivery service providers are asked not to use your Personal Information for any purpose other than making the delivery.
When you return previously purchased merchandise or request a refund or exchange, you may be asked to give your name, address, phone number and provide information that identifies you, such as your driver’s license. We collect this information to help prevent fraud.
Security of Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of Personal Information in our custody and control. We also are committed to employing reasonable technology in order to protect the security of our Website. However, even with the best technology, no website is 100% secure. We will take reasonable measures which we believe are appropriate to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction, and, where possible, will ask that any third parties to whom we may transfer such information to take comparable steps to protect that security.
Website Registration
Registration is an optional service provided by our Website. You do not have to register to browse on our Website, but you do have to register to purchase products on our Website. When you register, you are asked for information such as your name, username, e-mail address, zip/postal code and password that you select. Your registration information may be used to help make your online shopping quicker and easier, by pre-filling certain parts of your shopping information.
Secure Shopping
When you purchase products from our site and use a credit or debit card for any of your purchases, we will collect your credit or debit card information and keep a history of your purchases. We use this information to process your orders and to better assist you when you visit or call us. We may also ask for your zip code as well, to help us improve our product and service offerings to your area. When you place orders on our Website, all of your order information, including your card number and delivery address, is transmitted through the Internet using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. SSL technology causes your browser to encrypt your order information before transmitting it to our secure server. SSL technology, an industry standard, is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our Website from capturing and viewing your Personal Information. Since any order information you provide to us on our Website will be transmitted using a secure connection, if your Web browser cannot support this level of security, you will not be able to order products through our Website.
Our Privacy Statement and Outside Links
This Privacy Statement only applies to our Website. Our Website may include links to the websites of our business partners, vendors and advertisers. These other sites are outside of our control. Please be aware that these websites may collect information about you and operate according to their own privacy practices which may differ from those contained in our Privacy Statement. Remember to consult that website’s own privacy policy, as once you are outside any of the Websites, any information you submit is no longer in our control.
Account Agreement
This Account Agreement governs your account and all purchases with Vitanica, the owner and operator of Vitanica.com (the “Website“). Other services on the Website or provided by Vitanica may be governed by additional terms and conditions. For example, your general use of and visit to the Website is also governed by the Terms of Use.
If you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, you must check the box indicating your agreement. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, you will not be able to proceed with purchasing any products through the Website.
In this Agreement, “you” and “your” refer to the individuals, corporations or parties who are the members/account holders, have an interest in the account(s) and agree to this Agreement. “We“, “us“, “our“, and “Vitanica” refer to Vitanica, its employees, members, representatives, officers, directors, agents, successors and assigns.
Changes to Account Agreement We may change, add or remove portions of this Agreement at any time, but if we do so, we will post such changes on the Website. If any of these rules or any future changes are unacceptable to you, you may terminate your account. Your continued use of the website and/or account indicates the acceptance by you of such rules, changes or modifications.
Prices/Fees and Payments You agree to pay all charges incurred in connection with your purchase (including any applicable taxes) at the rates in effect when submitting your order. We will bill all charges to the credit card you supply us. If you want to use a different credit card or there is a change in credit card validity or expiration date, or if you believe someone has accessed your account using your user name and password without your authorization, you must contact us immediately.
Termination of Services You are authorized to use products or materials which are sold or made available by Vitanica for your own needs only, and you are not authorized to resell products or access to any such materials or to make copies of any such materials for sale or use to and by others. You will not delete copyright or other intellectual property rights notices from printouts of electronically accessed materials. You understand that Vitanica may at any time, at our sole discretion and without prior notice to you, prohibit or restrict your access to the use of the Website or related services or your ability to purchase products on the Website. Vitanica may terminate your account at any time for any reason and without prior notice to you. You are free to terminate your account with Vitanica at any time for any reason The closing of an account will not affect the rights and/or obligations of either party incurred prior to the date the account is closed.
Contact Us
inquiries@vitanica.com
Phone: (503) 692-5085
Toll-Free: (800) 572-4712
Postal
PO Box 1299
Tualatin, Oregon
97062
Legal
Terms and Conditionsw/ Privacy Policy
{"cart_token":"","hash":"","cart_data":""}
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok