https://volpi.phgtestsite.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Volpi
Skip to Content
Home
Applications
Clinical Laboratory IVD Applications
Life Sciences Applications
Point-of-Care IVD Applications
Expertise
Design and Development
Case Studies
Testimonials
About Volpi
News & Events
Careers
Downloads
Contact Us
News & Events
LinkedIn
Search
Search
News & Events
LinkedIn
Applications
Clinical Laboratory IVD Applications
Point-of-Care IVD Applications
Life Sciences Applications
Expertise
Consulting
Design and Development
Industrialization
Manufacturing
Life Cycle Management
Case Studies
Testimonials
About Volpi
News & Events
Careers
Downloads
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home Volpi / Terms & Conditions / Privacy Policy
1. Scope of this Data Protection Declaration
Thank you for your
interest in our website and the products and services we offer. The protection
of your personal data (hereinafter called “data”) is of great
importance to us. We would like to inform you in this document of the types of
data collected when you visit our website and use our products or services and
we also want to describe how these data are processed or used and, in addition,
below you will also find information on which technical and organisational
measures we take to protect your data.
2. Responsible Office/Service Provider
The responsible party in terms of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the service provider in terms of the Telecommunication Media Act (TMA) is Volpi Manufacturing Co. Inc. and Volpi AG our Legal Notice. Please address any questions or comments you may have concerning this Data Protection Declaration or generally in relation to data protection to the following email address: privacy@volpi-group.ch
3. Collection and Use of Your Data
The scope and method of collection and use of your data differs depending on whether you visit our website simply for the purpose of obtaining information or, if you also use the services offered on the website:
a) Use for Obtaining Information
If you visit our website so-called usage data will be temporarily stored on our web server for statistical purposes in order to improve the quality of our websites. This data record consists of:
The page from which the data was requestedThe name of the data, the date and time of the queryThe date and time of the queryThe quantity of data transferredThe access status (data transferred, data not found), and a description of the type of web browser usedThe IP address of the computer used for making the inquiry in an abbreviated form so that no connection with any particular person can be established
Log data are stored
only in an anonymised form.
b) Use for Products or Services
Insofar as you want to use any of the services offered on our website such as ordering our newsletter, it will be necessary to provide further data. These data are those necessary in each case to process a request, such as your personal address for the sending of advertising material by post.
Further information may be given by you on a voluntary basis and this is identified as such.
The collection and use of your data is for the provision of the requested services such as, for example, the request for a newsletter tailored your interests. The legal basis for this is Art.6 s.1a) GDPR.
c) Data Transfer to Third Parties
Your data will be
transferred to service providers supporting us for the above named purpose and
of course, we have selected these service providers with due care. These may be
technical service providers or service providers supporting us with shipping. Otherwise,
any transfer of your data to third parties will take place only if this is
required by law.
d) Data Transfer to Third Countries
We may transfer some personal data to third countries outside the EU. We have exercised due care to ensure an appropriate level of data protection in this situation:
In case of Google Analytics (USA), an appropriate level of data protection is provided in accordance with the participation in the Privacy Shield Agreement (Art.45 s.1 GDPR).
4. Consent Under Data Protection Law
In order to provide the services you wish we would like to develop a website tailored to your interests – of course, only insofar as you expressly agree to such – as well as to provide you with emails from time to time (in the form of our newsletter) based on your data and concerning interesting new developments and information about our company and our products and services. We would also like to use your data for any necessary evaluations as well as market research purposes. The legal basis for this is Art.6 s.1a) GDPR.
If you want to withdraw your consent, we will cease processing the respective data (see also no.9 Revocation and Objection Rights).
5. Newsletter
So that you are able to register for our email newsletter service, we will require, in addition to your consent under data protection law, at least your email address to which the newsletter is to be sent. Any other details are voluntary and will be used to tailor the newsletter to your personal requirements as well as for the purposes of clarifying any questions to your email address. The legal basis for this is Art.6 s.1a) GDPR.
We use the so-called double opt-in procedure for sending out the newsletter, i.e. we will send you the newsletter only if your registration is confirmed first of all by way of a link contained in a confirmation email sent to your email address for this purpose. This is to ensure that only you personally, as the owner of the email address, are able to register for a newsletter. Your confirmation must follow promptly after the receipt of the confirmation email or otherwise the newsletter registration will be automatically erased from our data bank.
You may cancel a subscribed newsletter at any time. You can do this  by either a simple email addressed to privacy@volpi-group.ch or you can cancel by using the link at the end of the newsletter. If you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing the respective data.
6. Cookies
We use cookies for our website. Cookies are small text data concerning your visit to our website which are sent by our webserver to your browser and which are stored for later call-up from your computer.
We use only so-called session cookies (also called temporary cookies), i.e. those which are temporarily stored during your use of our internet pages. The purpose of these cookies is to be able to identify your computer during a visit when changing from one of our websites to another so that you continue to be identified and the end of your visit can be determined. The legal basis for this is Art.6 s.1f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in the storing of cookies to ensure that no technical problems arise and in order to optimise the availability of our services.
These cookies are erased as soon as your browser session is completed.
Whether cookies are used and called-up can be determined by you through the set-up of your browser. You can completely deactivate the storing of cookies in your browser or limit such to specific websites or so configure your browser that you will be automatically informed as soon as a cookie is sent and you are requested to respond. In order to be able to use the full functionality of our website it is, however, necessary for technical reasons to permit the above mentioned session cookies to be used.
There is no collection or storage by us of personal data in cookies in this connection. We are not using any technology which could connect information collected by cookies with user data.
7. Google Analytics
It is important to us that our website can be presented in the best possible and attractive manner for our visitors. In this regard it is necessary that we know which parts of the website are well received.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics also uses cookies, i.e. text data, which are stored in your computer and which allow for an analysis of your use of the website. The information provided by cookies concerning your use of this website are generally transferred to and stored on a server of Google in the United States. Through the IP anonymization on this website your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within a member state of the European Union or in another signatory state to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transferred to the server of Google in the United States and abbreviated there. Google will use this information on our behalf in order to evaluate your use of the website and to prepare reports on website activities and to provide related services to us as the website operator connected with the use of the website and the internet.
The IP address transmitted under Google Analytics from your browser will not be connected with other data of Google.
You may prevent a storing of the cookies by way of an appropriate adjustment of your browser software; we would, however, advise you that in such case it is possible that not all the functions of the website can be used to the full extent.
You may also prevent the recording of data provided by cookies and related to your use of the website (incl. your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of the data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin at the following link: [currently https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de]. The legal basis for this is Art.6 s.1f) GDPR.
Information on Third Party Provider: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. User conditions: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html, Overview related to data protection: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, Data protection declaration: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
8. Google Adwords
We use the online advertising programme “Google AdWords” on our website as well as related conversion tracking. Google Conversion Tracking is an analysis service of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). If you click on any advertisements placed by Google a cookie will be placed on your computer for conversion tracking. These cookies have a limited validity of 30 days but do not contain any information by which the user could be personally identified because there is an anonymisation of the IP address. If you visit certain pages of our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Google will detect that you have clicked on the advertisement and were directed to this page.  Every Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Therefore, there is no possibility for cookies being able to be tracked from the websites of AdWords customers.
Information obtained with the help of conversion cookies serves to provide conversion statistics. Thereby, we are able to see the total number of visitors who have clicked on our advertisement and who have been redirected to the page with a conversion tracking tag. We do not, however, receive any information by which the user could be personally identified. Processing is on the basis of Art.6 s.1f) GDPR and results from a legitimate interest in target-based advertisement and an analysis of the effect and efficiency of this advertising.
On the basis of Art.6 s.1f) GDPR you have the right to object for reasons related to your particular situation at any time to the processing of personal data related to you.
If you do not want to participate in tracking, you can block this at any time if you deactivate the cookies of Google conversion tracking on your internet browser under the user set-up. We should advise you, however, that in such case it is possible that all the functions of this website will not work to the full extent. You will then also not be included in the conversion tracking statistics. In addition, you can deactivate the settings for advertising with Google for your personal advertising. You will find information on this under https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=de.
Further, you can deactivate the use of cookies by third parties in that you call-up the deactivation page of the network advertising initiative under https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices and implement the opt-out information contained therein.Further information as well as the data protection declaration of Google can be found at: https://www.google.de/policies/privacy.
9. Revocation and Objection Rights
We must advise you that you can revoke any consent given under data protection laws at any time with effect for the future.
Any profiles of usage developed – within the framework of this Data Protection Declaration – by us for advertising or market research purposes as well as for the development of our websites may also be revoked at any time.
For  this  purpose,  please  send  a  simple  email  to: privacy@volpi-group.ch
10. Social Media Plugins
We do not currently
use any social media plugins.
11. Data Security
We also use technical
and organizational security measures to protect any personal data created or
collected in particular, in regard to accidental or deliberate manipulation,
loss. Destruction and against any attack by unauthorized persons. Our security
measures are continually improved to keep up with technological developments.
Ordering processes are encrypted using SSL technology in order to prevent
access by unauthorized third parties.
12. Your Rights as a User
In processing your
personal data the GDPR provides you with specific rights as a website user:
a) Right of Access (Art.15 GDPR):
You have the right to
request confirmation as to whether related personal data are being processed;
if such is the case, you have the right to access such personal data and
detailed information as set out in Art.15 GDPR.
b) Rights to Rectification and Erasure (Art.16 and Art.17 GDPR):
You have the right to
have any incorrect personal data rectified without undue delay as well as to
complete any incomplete personal data.
You also have the right to request that personal data are erased without undue
delay insofar for the reasons set out in Art.17 GDPR, e.g. if the data are no longer
required for the intended purpose.
c) Right to Restriction of Processing (Art.18 GDPR):
You have the right to
request a restriction of processing if any one of the conditions listed in
Art.8 GDPR is fulfilled, e.g. if you object to
processing, for the period of any resulting check.
d) Right to Data Portability (Art.20 GDPR):
In certain cases set
out in Art.20 GDPR you have the right to receive personal data in a structured,
customary and machine-readable form or to request that such be transmitted to a
third party.
e) Right to Object (Art.21 GDPR):
If data are collected on the basis of Art.6
s.1f) GDPR (data processing based on legitimate interests), you have the right
for reasons arising from your particular situation to object to such processing
at any time. In such case we will no longer process the personal data unless
mandatory legitimate reasons for the processing exist which prevail over the
interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or, if the processing serves
any legal right or claim or the exercising or defence of such legal right or
claim.
f) Right to Lodge a Complaint with Supervisory Authority (Art.77 GDPR):
Under Art.77 GDPR you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you are of the opinion that the processing of your personal data is against the provisions of data protection law. Your right to lodge a complaint may be exercised in relation to the supervisory authority in the member state of your place of residence, your place of work or the location of the alleged breach.
Contact Data for Data Protection OfficerOur company data protection officer is available for you at any time in relation to any request for information or suggestions you may have connected with data protection:
privacy@volpi-group.ch Phone  +41 44 732 43 43 Fax      +41 44 732 43 44
News & Events
Careers
LinkedIn
United States
5 Commerce WayAuburn, NY 13021
+1 315 255-1737
+1 315 255-1202
volpi@volpi-group.com
Switzerland
Wiesenstrasse 338952 SchlierenSwitzerland
+41 44 732 43 43
+41 44 732 43 44
info@volpi-group.com
Contact Us
Full Name*
Email*
Company Name
Message
I agree to receive marketing and company emails from Volpi.
For more information, please see our Privacy Policy. By clicking “send” below, you are giving your consent to Volpi to store and process the personal information submitted above to provide you with the content requested.
© 2020 All rights reserved to Volpi Manufacturing USA, Co, Inc. and Volpi AG
Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Terms & Conditions
Search
This site uses cookies for site operations such as improving website experiences, analytics, and remembering preferences. By clicking "Accept" you agree to such purposes.
Privacy Policy
Accept