http://waldenmott.com/support/privacystatement.php
Walden-Mott Corporation
Building Brands Since 1884
Home
Publications
ABC Guide
Paper Handbook
Paper Catalog
ISSA North America
ISSA Convention Daily
Convention News
Marketing Services
Industry Directory
Manufacturers & Converters
Distributors
Brokers / Services
Mill Suppliers
ABC Product Search
Resources / Help
Site Help
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Site Map
About Us
Contact Us
Friday, December 11, 2020
Privacy Statement
PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR waldenmott.com WEBSITE
All contents copyrighted by Walden-Mott Corp.. (W-M). All rights reserved.
Thank you for your interest
in waldenmott.com (W-M), the one stop source for Pulp and Paper industry
information. This website is designed to make it easier and more efficient
for Pulp & Paper Industry professionals and businesses to find the news and
data they need to make important decisions. Like all online resources, we
recognize that visitors to this website are concerned about their privacy.
W-M is committed to preserving your privacy when visiting this website.
This policy describes W-M's privacy
practices regarding information collected from visitors to this website.
This policy describes what data is collected and how that information is
used. W-M may, at its sole discretion, change modify, add, or delete
portions of this policy. Because this privacy policy only applies to this
website, you should examine the privacy policy of any website you access
through this website.
Information Collected When You Visit this Website
When visiting this website W-M automatically collects and stores the following information about your
visit:
The Internet Protocol address and domain
name of your Internet service provider. The Internet Protocol address is a
numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or
directly to your computer, which can be used to direct internet traffic to
you;
The type of browser and operating system you used;
The date and time you visited this site;
The web pages or services you accessed at this site; and
The URL or web site address of the web site you visited prior to coming to this website and from which any web
page on this site was linked.
This information is used to improve this
website's content and to help W-M understand how people are using this
website. This information is collected for statistical analysis, to
determine what information is of most and of least interest to our visitors,
and to identify system performance or problem areas. The information is not
collected for commercial marketing purposes and W-M does not sell or
distribute the information collected from the site for commercial marketing
purposes.
Information Collected When You Email this Website
If during your visit to this website you
send an email to W-M, your email address and the contents of your email will
be collected.
The information collected is not limited to
text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information
formats you send us.
Your email address and the information
contained in your email will be used to respond to you, to address issues
you identify, to further improve this website, or to forward your email to
another agency for appropriate action. Your email address is not collected
for commercial marketing purposes and W-M does not sell or distribute your
email address for commercial marketing purposes.
Personal Information and Choice
"Personal information" is information about
an individual (e.g. an individual's name, address, and phone number). A
domain name or Internet Protocol address is not considered personal
information.
Personal information is not collected
through this website unless you send an email to W-M or register through
this website. If you do not communicate with this website it does not affect
your ability to use any other features of this website.
Currently, W-M does not knowingly collect
personal information from children or create profiles of children through
this website. People are cautioned that the collection of personal
information provided by any individual in an email will be treated the same
as information given by an adult, and may, if not protected by federal or
State law, be subject to public access. W-M encourages parents and teachers
to be involved in children's Internet activities and guide the children
whenever children are asked to provide personal information on-line.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through This Website
Information collected through this website,
personal or otherwise, may, if not protected by Federal or State law, be
subject to disclosure pursuant to law, such as the Freedom of Information
Law (FOIL), or court order.
Additionally, W-M may disclose personal
information to federal or State law enforcement authorities to enforce its
rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to W-M's
information.
Security
W-M limits employee access to personally
identifiable information from this website to only those employees who need
access to perform a specific job. Security measures have been integrated
into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of this website
as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content
as well as the electronic transmission of information.
NOTE :The information contained in
this policy should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or
other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information
provided via this website. For site security purposes and to ensure that
this website remains available to all users, W-M employs software to monitor
traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or
otherwise cause damage to this website.
Cookies
This website is designed to become your
personalized access to Pulp and Paper industry information, where you decide
what information from this site is important to you, and create your own
unique W-M page. This ability to customize this website is achieved through
the use of persistent cookies, which are simple text files stored by your
web browser that provide a method of distinguishing among visitors to
websites. Cookies created on the device you use to access this website do
not contain personally identifiable information and do not compromise your
privacy or security. We use the cookie feature to store a randomly generated
identifying tag on the device you use to access this website. The use of
cookies is a standard practice among Internet websites. The software and
hardware you use to access this website allows you to refuse the cookie or
delete the cookie file at any time.
Links Disclaimer
In order to provide visitors with certain
information, this website provides links to websites of other organizations.
A link does not constitute an endorsement of the content, viewpoint,
accuracy, opinions, policies, products, services, or accessibility of that
website. Once you link to another website from this website, including one
maintained by W-M, you are subject to the terms and conditions of that
website, including, but not limited to, its privacy policy.
Information Disclaimer
While all attempts are made to provide accurate, current, and reliable
information, W-M recognizes the possibility of human and/or mechanical
error. Therefore, W-M, its employees, officers and agencies make no
representations as to the accuracy, completeness, currency, or suitability
of the information provided by this website, and deny any expressed or
implied warranty as to the same.
Contact Information
For questions regarding the Privacy Policy
please contact
webmaster@waldenmott.com
Policy Last Update Date: August 1st, 2003.
Go back to Help
© 2020
Walden-Mott Corp.   All Rights Reserved.
Terms
of Use  |  Privacy Statement  |
Site Map  |
Site Help