https://walker-associates.co.uk/privacy-policy/
We ask that you read this website privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information and on how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
This website privacy policy is divided into the following sections:
Who we are
Our website
Our collection and use of your personal information
Our legal basis for processing your personal information
The personal information we collect, when and how we use it
Who we share your personal information with
Cookies and similar technologies
Your rights
Keeping your personal information secure
How to complain
Changes to this website privacy policy
How to contact us
Who we are
This website is operated by Walker Associates Consulting Limited.  We are Structural & Civil Engineers and for more information see http://www.walker-associates.co.uk/practice
We collect, use and are responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the General Data Protection Regulation which applies across the European Union (including in the United Kingdom) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
Our website
This privacy policy relates to your use of our website, www.walker-associates.co.uk only.
Our collection and use of your personal information
We collect personal information about you when you contact us by email.
We collect this personal information from you either directly or indirectly, such as your browsing activity while on our website (see ‘Cookies’ below and our Cookie Policy for further information on how we use cookies).
The personal information we collect about you depends on the particular activities carried out through our website. Such information includes:
Name (Contact Form)
Email (Contact Form)
Subject & message (Contact Form)
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes during your working relationship with us.
This website is not intended for use by children and we do not knowingly collect or use personal information relating to children.
Our legal basis for processing your personal information
When we use your personal information we are required to have a legal basis for doing so. There are various different legal bases upon which we may rely, depending on what personal information we process and why.
The legal bases we may rely on include:
consent: where you have given us clear consent for us to process your personal information for a specific purpose
contract: where our use of your personal information is necessary for a contract we have with you, or because you have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract
legal obligation: where our use of your personal information is necessary for us to comply with the law (not including contractual obligations)
vital interests: where our use of your personal information is necessary to protect you or someone else’s life
public task: where our use of your personal information is necessary for us to perform a task in the public interest or for our official functions, and the task or function has a clear basis in law
legitimate interests: where our use of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party (unless there is a good reason to protect your personal information which overrides our legitimate interests)
Further information – the personal information we collect, when and how we use it
For further details on when we collect personal information, what we collect as well as how we use it, please read the following sections:
When information is collected
What information we ask for
How and why we use your information
When you register with us
Contact details including full name and email address. We also collect the details of your message to us.
We rely on legitimate interests as the lawful basis for collecting and using your personal information.
Our legitimate interests are: –
— to create and manage your relationship with us
— to communicate with you
— verify your identity
— provide goods and services to you
— customise our website and its content to your particular preferences
— notify you of any changes to our website or to our services that may affect you
— improve our services
We will keep this information until the issue has been resolved.
Who we share your personal information with
We routinely share your data with third parties where it is necessary. There are strict controls on who can see your information. We will not share your data if you have advised us that you do not want it shared unless it’s the only way we can make sure you stay safe and health or we are legally required to do so.
We share your Data with:
Our IT support, web provider and professional advisers.
This data sharing enables them to provide us with IT support and professional advice. The recipient of the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations, we require them to respect the security of your data and treat it in accordance with the law.
Cookies and similar technologies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your device (e.g. computer, smartphone or other electronic devices) when you use our website. We use cookies on our website. These help us recognise you and your device and store some information about your preferences or past actions.
For further information on our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy http://www.walker-associates.co.uk/cookies
For further information on cookies generally visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Your rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to:
fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your use personal information
access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to address
require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold
require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations
receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations
object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing
object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information
otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
claim compensation for damages caused by our breach of any data protection laws
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individual’s rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.
If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please:
Call 01268 530500 or write to us at 13 Capricorn Centre, Cranes Farm Road, Basildon, Essex, SS14 3JJ.
let us have enough information to identify you (e.g. name, registration details),
let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and
let us know the information to which your request relates , including any account or reference numbers, if you have them
Keeping your personal information secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
How to complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
Changes to this website privacy policy
This website privacy policy was published on 20th March 2019 and last updated on 20th March 2019.
How to contact us
Please contact us, if you have any questions about this privacy notice or the information we hold about you.
If you wish to contact us, please write to 13 Capricorn Centre, Cranes Farm Road, Basildon, Essex, SS14 3JJ or call 01268 530500
Changes To This Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time, and we will provide you with a new privacy notice when we make any substantial updates. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal information.
About
Practice
Team
Services
Structural Engineering
Civil Engineering
Projects
Clients
Careers
Contact