https://wallace-ofarrell.com/customer-care/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyWallace O'Farrell2018-05-24T17:58:47+00:00
We are aware that many of our customers are concerned about their privacy. Because we are sensitive to this concern we follow the basic practices listed below:
Information we collect to process your orders:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We never sell your information.
We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. These addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We do not share email addresses with a third party.
We do not keep credit card numbers on file and do our best to protect our customer’s identity. We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
We do not use cookies.
On rare occasions we may send you a short survey to help us better serve you as a customer. On rare occasions we may send you, via email, a discount coupon. These communications will always be compliant with the current U.S. laws regarding email solicitations and will include opt-out information which we will apply immediately.
We will always ship our products in discreet nondescript packaging. Our business name and return address are on the package. Nothing on the outside will indicate details about he contents.
This policy is current as of May 24, 2018. If you have any questions please contact us:
Mike.OFarrell@wallace-ofarrell.com
11302 164th St. E.
Puyallup, Wa 98374
(253) 845 6633
Search Our Site
Search for:
Some of Our Fine Retailers
BECOME A RESELLER
What Our Customers Say
"I have recommended many products to women for vaginal dryness and have found Slippery Stuff to be an excellent product. Women have responded in an appreciative manner when I have offered them samples and they have returned expressing satisfaction with its use. ..The soothing characteristics of Slippery Stuff has helped patients through many rough periods. With the increased use of condoms for protection against disease, its also nice to know that it is compatible with condom usage."Catherine R., Certified Sex Therapist / Pittsburgh, PA
Go to Top