http://wallstreetpit.com/privacy-policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Wall Street Pit. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this Web Site. This Privacy Policy forms part of the Terms of Use.
Information Collection
Wall Street Pit may collect information from our users at several different points on the site. Wall Street Pit is the sole owner of the information collected on Wall Street Pit.com
Comments and Posts
Wall Street Pit users can choose to write comments or posts on the site. To leave a comment, users must submit information including a valid email address. Wall Street Pit uses this information to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our terms and conditions of use, and will not pass this information to any other organization.
Newsletters
Wall Street Pit offers email newsletters. To sign up to receive regular emails, users must submit information including a valid email address. This information will be used in aggregate form to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services, and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization. Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails, including new articles added to the site.
Cookies
Wall Street Pit may use cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
Third Party Cookies
Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, Wall Street Pit has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Third Party Advertising
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to users by many services. Information about users’ visit to this site, such as number of times they have viewed an ad (but not username, date of birth, or any other personal information), is used to serve ads to users on this site.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Amazon Affiliate Disclosure
Wall Street Pit is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Privacy Notice for EEA Individuals
This section covers disclosures on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for users residing within EEA only. GDPR replaces the existing Directive 95/46/ec, and aims at harmonizing data protection laws in the EU that are fit for purpose in the digital age. The primary objective of the GDPR is to give citizens back control of their personal data. Please follow this link to access IC’s General Data Protection Notice.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. These include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, Wall Street Pit may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process.
Business Transitions
In the event Wall Street Pit goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Links
Wall Street Pit contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Wall Street Pit is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Wall Street Pit.
Your Consent
By using this Site, you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to Wall Street Pit’s processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
The Latest
Editor’s Picks
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Authors
Copyright © 2020 Wall Street Pit
|
Contact Us
|
Advertise
|
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.