https://walpolebank.com/disclosures/privacy-policy/
Home > Disclosures > Privacy Policy
What Does Meredith Village Savings Bank (MVSB), Merrimack County Savings Bank (The Merrimack), Savings Bank of Walpole (SBW) and the New Hampshire Trust Company (NHTrust) Do With Your Personal Information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and incomeAccount transactions and transaction history and account balancesOverdraft History
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons MVSB, The Merrimack, SBW and NHTrust choose to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal informationDo MVSB, the Merrimack, NHTrust, SBW share?Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes— such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureausYesNo
For our marketing purposes— to offer our products and services to youYesNo
For joint marketing with other financial companiesYesNo
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes— information about your transactions and experiencesYesNo
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes— information about your creditworthinessNoWe don't share
For our affiliates to market to youYesYes
For nonaffiliates to market to youNoWe don't share
To limit our sharing
Print and Mail this Form
Please note:If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Meredith Village Savings Bank call toll free at (800) 922-6872Merrimack County Savings Bank call toll free at (800) 541-0006Savings Bank of Walpole call toll free at (877) 925-7653The New Hampshire Trust Company (603) 223-2712
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Meredith Village Savings Bank, Merrimack County Savings Bank, Savings Bank of Walpole and The New Hampshire Trust Company. These financial institutions are affiliates for the purposes of this privacy policy.
What we do
How do MVSB, The Merrimack, SBW and NHTrust protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.Employee access to your information is restricted to those who have a business reason to know such information.
How do MVSB, The Merrimack, SBW and NHTrust collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or apply for a loanmake deposits or withdrawals from your accountenter into an investment advisory contract
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthinessaffiliates from using your information to market to yousharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. [See below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account—unless you tell us otherwise.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
New Hampshire Mutual Bancorp andMeredith Village Savings Bank andMerrimack County Savings Bank andSavings Bank of Walpole andThe New Hampshire Trust Company
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Meredith Village Savings Bank, Merrimack County Savings Bank, Savings Bank of Walpole and The New Hampshire Trust Company do not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include credit and debit card companies broker-dealer companies, insurance companies and brokers, and financial service companies.
Other important information
You may have other privacy protections under some state laws. We will comply with applicable state laws as to information about you, including medical information.