https://wambam.com/privacy-policy/
Burk Advertising & Marketing | Denver / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The following is Burk Advertising & Marketing, Inc.’s PRIVACY POLICY. This is the important stuff — what does and doesn’t happen to any information you give us. Burk Advertising & Marketing, Inc. (BAM) has adopted the following privacy policy for www.wambam.com. In order to monitor and improve site performance, BAM may record the following information about a user’s visit to www.wambam.com:
The domain name of a user’s Internet service provider
The user’s email address supplied directly to BAM through electronic correspondence or supplied automatically to BAM’s web server by the user’s internet service provider
The date, time and duration of a user’s session at www.wambam.com
The geo-location of the user
The number of hits on specific pages of content during a user’s session at www.wambam.com
When you are on this site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information only with us. Under no circumstances will BAM furnish or distribute personally identifying information to outside organizations, entities or companies without the consent of the user
Any updates to the BAM privacy policy will be posted here. Please email questions or concerns to info@wambam.com.
BAM’s Web site contains links to other Web sites and is not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites. We encourage users to learn about the privacy practices of those websites.
Disclaimer:
All content at www.wambam.com is provided without warranty of any kind — either expressed or implied — including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from infringement. The user assumes the entire risk as to the accuracy of any of the content found at www.wambam.com and that of other sites to which or from which www.wambam.com is linked. Burk Advertising & Marketing, Inc. disclaims any liability arising from any use of said content.
The BAM logo, BAM icons and proprietary content on this site are all ©2019 Burk Advertising & Marketing, Inc.