https://warmafloor.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
We fully respect the privacy of any individual entering or using this website. We are constantly monitoring and updating our security procedures so you can be sure that your information is safe.
Security of information
Any personal information we hold will be securely protected inline with not only internal security measures, but also data protect guidelines. Our security measures are updated regularly to ensure your personal information is not accessible to anyone other than Warmafloor Limited.
Gathering of information
Warmafloor Limited use this website to voluntarily gather useful information about the users. This information may include personal details such as name, email, age and other more purchase related questions. This information will only be used for internal purposes, to help us understand more about our customers and will not be sold or provided to any third parties.
Any information we ask for will be used purely for internal purposes, to improve our website, and our marketing. It also give use useful research so we can make improvements to our products and services to benefit our customers.
Changing or deleting information
Any information we store will be as up to date as possible, and will depend entirely on information provided to us by the user. We are happy to amend or delete information on any user should they themselves request.
Email
Warmafloor Limited operate an “opt-in” strategy for email communication. Those who choose to interact with our website will have the option of being added to our email list to receive email communications from us regarding latest news and special offers from our company. This mailing list will be used solely by Warmafloor Limited and will not be sold or passed to any third party. All our email communication offers an “opt-out” feature that allows you to remove your email address from our files at any time. You can always re-enter it when you want to start receiving information from us. Emails generated by us contain the following guidance statements:
PRIVACY AND CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE – Information contained in this email and any attachments is confidential and is intended for the use of the addressee only. If you are not the intended recipient please notify us immediately. Any dissemination, distribution, copying or use of this information without our prior consent is strictly prohibited.
VIRUS WARNING – The contents of any attachment to this email my contain software viruses which could damage your own computer system. Whilst reasonable precautions have been taken to minimise this risk, we cannot accept liability for any damage which you suffer as a result of software viruses. You should carry out your own virus checks before opening any attachment.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small bits of text that are either used for the duration of a session (“session cookies”), or svaed on a user’s hard drive in order to identify that user, or information about that user, the next time the user logs on to a website (“persistent cookies”).
The Warmafloor Limited website does not use persistent cookies to store personal information. We may however use session cookies to provide streamlined navigation throughout our site and for statistical analysis. These session cookies are deleted from the server soon after your session ends and are not collected or saved. You can setup your Web browser to information you when cookies are set, or to prevent cookies from being set. You can still use our website if you do not accept the cookies, but you may be unable to use certain cookie-dependent features.
Links
This website may contain “links” to other websites. We make every effort to only link to site that share our high standards of privacy and service. Warmafloor Limited cannot be responsible for the content on any website we link to.
Contact
If you have any questions about Warmafloor Limited’s products, online privacy policies, or procedures, please contact us at:
Warmafloor GB
Onyx
12 Little Park Farm Road
Segensworth West
Fareham
Hampshire
PO15 5TD
TEL: 01489 581 787
FAX: 01489 576 444