https://waterburybutton.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
800-928-1812
custservice@ogstech.com
Your Saved Items
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Waterbury Button Company respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to the Waterbury Button Company by sending an e-mail via the “mail to:” function or filling out a “request for information” form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about The Waterbury Button Company solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from The Waterbury Button Company, please send an e-mail via the feedback form, with “Remove personal information” in the subject line. To update, change, or correct your personal information, please send an e-mail via the feedback form with the appropriate changes.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
The Waterbury Button Company may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that The Waterbury Button Company reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of The Waterbury Button Company and is effective as of May 2020. This statement does not create an agreement between The Waterbury Button Company and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Fashion Designers, Military Uniform Suppliers and Industry Uniform Manufacturers: Contact us today to talk about your unique needs for your button design.
Contact us
About Us
Products
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Contact Us :Phone :800-928-1812Opens in your applicationEmail:custservice@ogstech.comOpens in your application
LOCATE US :Waterbury Button Company
1855 Peck Ln
Cheshire, CT 06410
2020 © Waterbuty Button - All Rights Reserved
All images of buttons or any item on this website are for illustration purposes only. The images are confined to the companies that hold the trademark for those logos or slogans. Any use of those logos or images without written consent from that company is strictly forbidden.
Close Menu
Compare Products
OK
×
×Cart