https://weareglidden.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Glidden Design Ltd processes and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
In accordance with the 2018 General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), you have the right to know what personal information we process, and why.
Glidden Design is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide specific information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
Our website does not actively collect, or offer any mechanism to submit personal information. However, you may wish to contact us directly using the details listed. In these circumstances, to enable us to respond to your enquiry, we shall be processing your data in accordance with condition A of the 2018 General Data Protection Regulations (Consent). Your name, email address and phone number may be retained for future marketing purposes under condition F (Legitimate Interest) of the 2018 General Data Protection Regulations 2018. You may request details of the personal information we hold on you, and opt-out of receiving further communications from us at any time.
What we do with the information we gather
We collect information to understand your needs, respond to a specific enquiry and / or to provide you with a better service. We may use your information for any of the following reasons:
To respond to an enquiry.
To improve our products and service.
To promote our services, events or other information that we think you may find interesting.
To customise the website according to your interests.
For market research purposes.
For Internal record keeping.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on the hard drive of your computer. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us to provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer, or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You will be presented with a cookie statement upon your first visit to the website. If you continue to use the site you are agreeing to the use of cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over the content or policies of third party websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
If you have previously agreed to us processing your personal information, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us. You may also opt-out of receiving further marketing communications from us at any time.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.