https://web-lingo.com/privacy-policy/
Terms of use:
Introduction
Please read these terms of use< carefully. They govern your access to the www.web-lingo.com website (the “Web-lingoWebsite”) and your use of the services that we provide to you through the Web-lingoWebsite (the “Services”). If you do not accept these terms of use or if you fail to comply with them, you may not use the Web-lingoWebsite or take advantage of our Services. These Terms and Conditions are effective as of May 1, 2018.
Binding agreement
These terms of use (as we may amend them from time to time), when combined with our privacy policy, form a binding agreement between you and us. Your continued access to the Web-lingoWebsite and/or your use of our Services confirm your acceptance of these terms of use. If you register for an account on the Web-lingoWebsite, you will be asked to further confirm your acceptance of these terms of use at that time.
If you live in South Africa, those terms refer to Web-lingo (Pty) Ltd. If you live anywhere else, those terms refer to Web-lingo (Pty) Ltd
If you do not accept these terms of use, do not use the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services.
Retention of ownership; non-exclusive license rights
The Web-lingoWebsite and all right, title and interest in and to the materials that we make available to you in connection with your use of the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services are owned by us or our licensors. Except for the limited license rights that we expressly grant to you in next paragraph, we reserve all rights.
In connection with your use of the Web-lingoWebsite as an applicant, we hereby grant to you a limited, revocable, terminable, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-sublicensable right to access and use the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services for your personal use for such time as your account is neither suspended or terminated by us, but only to seek for yourself employment or independent contractor opportunities made available to you on the Web-lingoWebsite and then only in accordance with the requirements of these terms of use.
In connection with your use of the Web-lingoWebsite as a potential employer or contracting party that may hire applicants as employees or engage them as independent contractors, we hereby grant to you a limited, revocable, terminable, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-sublicensable right to access and use the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services in connection with such activities.
You agree to preserve all copyright, trademark, service mark and other proprietary notices contained in any content or materials that we provide to you.
Age; Eligibility
You represent, warrant and agree that you are at least 18 years of age or older.
You may not use the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services if you are:
Not able to form legally binding contracts;
Under 18;
Barred from rendering services under the laws of the country in which you are to perform services or
Suspended, terminated, banned or otherwise prevented from using the Web-lingoWebsite.
License to what is you submit, including feedback
You grant us a perpetual, irrevocable, unlimited, non-exclusive, worldwide, fully paid, assignable, sub-licensable license to use, copy, perform, display, distribute, and make derivative works from:
Information you give to us, and/or
Other information about you that we collect from you and others.
Though we do not solicit feedback from you about the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services, if, despite this fact, you send us feedback, the foregoing license applies to your feedback. Except as explicitly provided in our privacy policy, none of what you license to us will be subject to any obligation of confidentiality on our part, and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure of what you disclose to us.
Your license to us include a right to exercise any and all copyright, trademark, publicity, and database rights you have, in any media known now or in the future.
To the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby expressly waive any and all of your moral rights applicable to our exercise of the foregoing license. No compensation will be paid to you with respect to the foregoing license.
You agree that we have the right to extract, compile, synthesize, and analyze information relating to you and combine it with that of others as long as the extraction, compilation, synthesis or analysis do not identify you.
Disclaimers and liability limitations
Nothing on the Web-lingoWebsite or in the provision of our Services to you shall be considered an endorsement, representation or warranty with respect to any third party.
We make no representations or guarantees regarding the truthfulness, accuracy, legality, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any data or information that appears on the Web-lingoWebsite and that we otherwise give you in the provisions of our Services. Our documents may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. You agree that any reliance on any such documents, or on any other form of communication, will be at your own risk.
We act as a portal for the online distribution and publication of applicants’ content and information, as well as information from potential employers or contracting parties that may hire applicants as employees or engage them as independent contractors. Our Services are provided “as is” and “as available.” We make no warranty that anyone’s content or information will actually be made available on the Web-lingoWebsite or in connection with our Services. We have the right (but not the obligation) to take any action deemed appropriate by us with respect to anyone’s content and information. We have no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any of anyone’s content or information, whether or not the content or information was actually made available on the Web-lingoWebsite. Any and all content submitted to us is subject to our approval. We may reject, approve or modify anyone’s content and information at our sole discretion.
We make no representations or guarantees regarding the effectiveness or timeliness of our Services in meeting your objectives. We do not guarantee that our Services will result in you being hired as an employee or engaged as an independent contractor, or that you will find a suitable employee or independent contractor, and we are not responsible or liable for any decisions, for whatever reason made, made by you.
You assume all responsibility and risk for, and release us from all liability associated with your use of the Web-lingo site and our Services. In no event shall we (or any of our officers, directors, shareholders, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents or advertisers), be liable for any non-direct damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data, lost opportunity, or business interruption) resulting from or arising under or in connection with our Services or the use or access to, or the inability to use or access, the Web-lingo site and/or any document, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not we are advised of the possibility of such damages.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow the foregoing exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the limitations set forth in the preceding paragraph may not apply to you. If any are held inapplicable or unenforceable for any reason, then our maximum liability to you for any non-direct type of damages shall be limited to U.S. $200.00 in the aggregate.
In no event shall we (or any of our officers, directors, shareholders, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents or advertisers), be liable for any direct damages in excess in the aggregate of U.S. $200.00.
Due to the nature of these terms of use, in addition to money damages, you agree that we will be entitled to equitable relief upon a breach of this agreement by you.
We do not screen or censor opportunities from potential employers and contracting parties. We are not involved in, and do not control actual transactions between employers/contracting parties and applicants. We are not responsible for content and information supplied by potential employers or contracting parties or by applicants, the quality, safety or legality of posted opportunities, the truth or accuracy of opportunities, the ability of employers/contracting parties to provide job/contracting opportunities to applicants, and we make no representations about any jobs or contracting opportunities. While we reserve the right in our sole discretion to remove material from the Web-lingoWebsite from time to time, we do not assume any obligation to do so and to the extent permitted by law, disclaim any liability for failing to take any such action.
If You are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.”
Not responsible for links and advertising
We provide unmonitored access to third party content, articles with original content and opinions (including links and advertising). We only act as a portal and have no liability based on, or related to, such third party content, whether arising under the laws of copyright or other intellectual property, defamation, libel, privacy, obscenity, or any other legal discipline.
Disputes
For any claim, we may elect to resolve the dispute in a cost effective manner through binding Non-appearance-based arbitration. If we elect arbitration, such arbitration will be initiated through an established alternative dispute resolution (ADR) provider, which is to be selected by you from a panel of ADR providers that we will provide to you. The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules:
The arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, the specific manner shall be chosen by us.
The arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties.
Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
The proceedings will be conducted in English.
These terms of use and any and all claims, disputes, or other legal proceedings by or between you or us, including but not limited to any such claims or disputes that are in any way related to or arising under these terms of use or your access to or use of the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services, shall be governed by the laws of the U.S. (specifically Illinois), the U.K, Canada, South Africa, or India based on the country you listed as your country of residence when you registered with us (subject to updates to the extent they take place before the event that gave rise to the dispute or claim) (provided that if you listed a country other than the five listed, disputes, claims, and proceedings will be governed by the laws of the U.K., in all cases without giving effect to any conflict-of-laws principles that may otherwise provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction.
For any claim, dispute, or other legal proceeding not subject to arbitration, the claim or dispute shall be brought and litigated exclusively in the courts located within the U.S. (specifically Illinois), the U.K, Canada, South Africa, or India based on the country you listed as your country of residence when you registered with us (subject to updates to the extent they take place before the event that gave rise to the dispute or claim) (provided that if you listed a country other than the five listed, disputes, claims, and proceedings will be brought and litigated in the U.K., as appropriate, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such court(s) for the purpose of litigating such claims or disputes.
No class actions
This foregoing “Disputes” provision affects your ability to participate in class, collective or representative actions. You and we agree to bring any dispute on an individual basis only, and not on a class, collective, or representative basis on behalf of others. There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class, collective, representative or private attorney general action, or as a member in any such class, collective, representative or private attorney general proceeding (“Class Action Waiver”). The Class Action Waiver does not prevent you from bringing an action as a private attorney general solely on your own behalf and not on behalf of others.
We can change these terms of use at any time
We may revise these terms of use at any time. Changes will be binding on you on the date that they are posted on the Web-lingoWebsite. Any subsequent use of the Web-lingoWebsite will be considered acceptance by you of the changed terms of use.
In addition, at some point, you may have a written agreement with us. If you do, in the event of any discrepancy between these terms of use and the written agreement, the terms of the written agreement will prevail.
You should, therefore, visit this page periodically to review the most current terms of use. If, at any time, you find these terms of use unacceptable, you should discontinue your use of the Web-lingoWebsite.
Indemnities, representations, warranties, and covenants from you
You are fully responsible for any content or information that you supply to us or to others or any actions you take in connection with your use of the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us (and our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents) from and against any third party claims, actions or demands (including, without limitation, costs, damages and reasonable legal and accounting fees) alleging or resulting from or in connection with your use of the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services, any content or information supplied by you, or your breach of these terms of use.
Specifically, you represent, warrant and covenant that your content and information:
Will not infringe upon or misappropriate any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property right or proprietary right or right of publicity or privacy of any person;
Will not violate any law or regulation;
Will not be defamatory or libelous;
Will not be obscene or contain child pornography;
Will not contain material linked to terrorist activities;
Will not include incomplete, false or inaccurate information about you or any other individual;
Will not contain any viruses or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information; and
Will not violate any of the rules in the next section entitled “Rules.”
Rules; acceptable use
Though the Web-lingoWebsite is designed to provide services both to individuals seeking employment or independent contractor relationships (”applicants”) and to those interested in hiring applicants as employees or engaging them as independent contractors (including both current and potential clients of Web-lingo and Web-lingo itself). With respect to individual applicants, the Web-lingoWebsite is intended solely to present opportunities to them as they seek employment or independent contractor relationships. With respect to potential employers of and contracting parties with such individuals, the Web-lingoWebsite is intended to present possible applicants to them.
You represent, warrant and covenant that you will not use (or plan, encourage or help others to use) the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services for any purpose other than as provided in the preceding paragraph or in any manner that is prohibited by these terms of use or by applicable law. It is your responsibility to ensure that your use of the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services complies with these terms of use and all applicable laws.
Limitations on what you are allowed to submit
You may not post any content or information to the Web-lingoWebsite that contains:
URLs or links to other websites;
Material that infringes on or misappropriates any other intellectual property rights, or violates the privacy or publicity rights of others.
Irrelevant keywords or hidden keywords.
Anything that is discriminatory, sexually explicit, obscene, libelous, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, or hateful; or (vii) anything that is embarrassing or offensive to another person or entity or that incites hatred.
Content or information that violates any legally enforceable confidentiality, non-disclosure or other contractual restrictions or rights of any third party, including any current or former employers or potential employers.
You may not:
Impersonate another person, living or dead, or create a false identity.
Post any resume, CV or profile or apply for any job on behalf of another party.
Post any opportunity on behalf of another party.
Post or submit any incomplete, false or inaccurate biographical information or information which is not your own.
Use an image that is not your likeness.
Present false, inaccurate or misleading content or information.
Misrepresent your current or previous positions and qualifications.
Misrepresent your affiliations with a person or entity, past or present.
Misrepresent your identity, including but not limited to the use of a pseudonym.
Post advertisements, or solicitations of business (including, but not limited to, email processors, any pyramid scheme or “club membership”).
Promote or endorse illegal activities or provide instructional information about illegal activities.
Post any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation unauthorized by us.
Post anything that endorses or promotes racism, bigotry, discrimination, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual.
Post anything that harasses, incites harassment or advocates harassment of any group or individual.
Create user accounts under false or fraudulent pretenses; create or use an account for anyone other than yourself; or create multiple active user accounts, including the creation of an account to circumvent your suspension or termination.
Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about other users, including their email addresses, without their consent, other than to aid in your personal search for opportunities on the Web-lingoWebsite.
Advertise an external website, product or service on the Web-lingoWebsite.
Delete or alter any material posted by any other person or entity.
Use or attempt to use another’s account.
Harass, abuse or harm another person.
Send messages to distribution lists, newsgroup aliases, or group aliases.
Solicit passwords or personal identifying information from others.
Requirements for what that you are allowed to submit
Your content and information must:
Contain sufficient detail to convey your qualifications as an applicant for employment or entry into an agreement as an independent contractor.
Include your actual name.
Be accurate and relate only to you.
Be kept updated.
You must comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, export control laws, tax laws, and regulatory requirements.
You must use our Services in a professional manner.
You must notify us immediately of any change in your email address. In addition, so that we may communicate with you via regular post and other third-party mail services, you must notify us immediately of any change in your mailing address.
You must only post website addresses on the Web-lingoWebsite that relate to your qualifications relating to one or more opportunities made available to you by us. An example of a permissible website address would be a portfolio of your work.
You represent, warrant covenant that you will only use the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services solely for lawful purposes consistent with these terms of use and any and all applicable laws, regulations, or other legally enforceable obligations (including contractual obligations) you may have towards us and any third parties.
What you must do to protect your account with us
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and passwords, as applicable.
You may not share your password or other account access information with any other party, temporarily or permanently, and
You are responsible for all uses of your account and registrations and passwords assigned to you, whether or not authorized by you.
You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account or passwords.
What you must do to protect us
You may not violate or attempt to violate the security of the Web-lingoWebsite, including, without limitation:
Accessing data not intended for your use or logging into a server or account which you are not authorized to access.
Attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization from us.
Attempting to interfere with services to any other user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Web-lingoWebsite, overloading, “flooding”, “mail bombing” or “crashing.”
Forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting.
Introducing software or automated agents to the Web-lingoWebsite, or access the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services so as to produce multiple accounts, generate automated messages, or to scrape, strip or mine data from the Web-lingoWebsite without our express written permission.
Interfering with, disrupting, modifying, reverse engineering, or decompiling any data or functionality of the Web-lingoWebsite.
Interfering with, disrupting, or creating an undue burden on the Web-lingoWebsite or the networks or services connected to the Web-lingoWebsite.
Introducing any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or similar software to the Web-lingoWebsite.
Attempt to circumvent any security feature of the Web-lingoWebsite.
Using any device to navigate or search the Web-lingoWebsite other than the tools available on the Web-lingoWebsite, generally available third party web browsers, or other tools approved by us.
Using any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods.
Attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization from us.
Forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting.
Aggregating, copying or duplicating any of our information, content or data.
Accessing information, content, or data not intended for you or logging into a server or account which you are not authorized to access.
Overriding any security feature of the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services.
You may not “frame” or “mirror” or otherwise incorporate part of the Web-lingoWebsite into any website, or “deep-link” to any portion of the Web-lingoWebsite without our express written permission.
You may not download and aggregate opportunities from the Web-lingoWebsite for display with opportunities from other websites without our express written permission.
You may not copy, modify or create derivative works of information, content, or data on the Web-lingoWebsite without our express written permission.
You may not copy or use the information, content, or data on the Web-lingoWebsite in connection with a competitive service (as determined by us).
You may not sell, resell, rent, lease, loan, trade or otherwise monetize access to Web-lingoWebsite or any of our information, content, or data without our express written permission.
You may not expose us or our users to any harm or liability.
You will not interfere with the operation of, or place an unreasonable load on, the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services (e.g., spam, denial of service attack, viruses, gaming algorithms).
You will not interfere with, damage, manipulate, disrupt, disable, modify, overburden, or impair any device, software system or network connected to or used (by you or us) in relation to the Web-lingoWebsite or your account with us, or assist any other person to do any of these things.
We reserve the right to restrict the number of e-mails or other messages which a User may send to other Users to a number which we deem appropriate in our sole discretion
You may not bypass our robot exclusion headers or other measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Web-lingoWebsite.
You may not attempt to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Web-lingoWebsite, overloading, “flooding”, “spamming”, “mailbombing” or “crashing.”
Right to validate identity
You authorize us, directly or through third parties, to make any inquiries we consider necessary to validate your identity. You must, at our request:
Provide further information to us, which may include your date of birth and other information that will allow us to reasonably identify you;
Take steps to confirm ownership of your email address or financial instruments; or
Verify your information against third party databases or through other sources.
We reserve the right to close, suspend, or limit access to your account, the Web-lingoWebsite and/or our Services if we are unable to obtain or verify to our satisfaction the information which we request under this section.
We can create profiles (CVs)
You authorize us to create profiles of you that we develop from content and information that we collect from you or otherwise gather and to make those profiles to others in connection with providing opportunities to you. We do not make any representations regarding the accuracy or validity of such derived works or their appropriateness for evaluation by others. Those profiles may differ significantly from the content and information that you supply to us.
You must register
When you register on the Web-lingoWebsite or in connection with our Services, you will be asked to create an account and provide us with certain information, including but not limited to, a valid email address and to set up a password. You acknowledge and agree that you have no ownership rights in your account.
If we cannot correspond with you via this email address, your submitted content may be rejected and your account may be disabled. Accounts and passwords are subject to cancellation or suspension by us at any time.
Confidentiality
All content and information that you supply to us will be used in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy.
Our right to suspend or terminate your account
Your use of the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services is a privilege. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate that privilege for any reason at any time, in our sole discretion.
We will have no liability whatsoever to you for any suspension termination of your account or any related deletion of your information.
California rules
If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.”
Miscellaneous
Unless and until we enter into a direct employment relationship with you, the sole relationship between you and us is that of independent contractors. If any provision of these terms of use is found to be invalid by any court or arbitrator having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of all or part of a provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining parts and provisions of these terms of use, which shall remain in full force and effect. All provisions of these terms of use shall survive termination except those granting access or use to the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services, and you shall cease all your use and access thereof immediately. We may assign these terms of use to an associated entity at any time, or to a third party without your consent in the event of a sale or other transfer of some or all of our assets. In the event of any sale or transfer you will remain bound by these terms of use. You may not assign or transfer your obligations under these terms of use. No waiver of any term of these terms of use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.
Except as specifically stated in another agreement we might have with you, these terms of use, including our privacy policy, constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding your use of the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services, and these terms of use supersede all prior proposals, negotiations, agreements, and understandings concerning the subject matter of these terms of use. To the extent allowed by law, the English version of this Agreement is binding and the translations are provided for convenience only. The section titles in these terms of use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect; as used in these terms of use, the word “including” means “including but not limited to.”
Questions and notices
If you have any questions about these terms of use or if you wish to report breaches of these terms of use, please contact us by using our customer support website or emailing us at info@web-lingo.com.
You agree that we may provide notices to you in the following ways:
A banner notice on one or more of our Services,
An email sent to an address you provided, or
Through other means including mobile number, telephone, or mail.
By providing personal information to us, by using the www.Web-lingo.com website (the “Web-lingoWebsite”), and by accepting the services that we provide to you through the Web-lingoWebsite (the “Services”), you are expressly and voluntarily accepting and agreeing to the provisions, terms and conditions of this privacy policy, the terms of use of which this privacy policy forms a part. If You do not accept this privacy policy, do not use the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services.
Privacy policy:
Privacy policy
If you live in Canada, “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to 2114393 Ontario Inc. (Web-lingo Canada). If you live in the United States, those terms refer to Web-lingo Inc.. If you live in South Africa, those terms refer to Web-lingo (Pty) Ltd. If you live in the United Kingdom, those terms refer to Web-lingo International Ltd. If you live in India, those terms refer to Web-lingo Marketing Solution India Private Ltd. If you live anywhere else, those terms refer to Web-lingo International Ltd.
“terms of use” means the terms of use that appear at https://web-lingo.com/terms-of-use/, as they may be amended from time to time.
You hereby agree that:
Information that we collect from or about you
We may collect the following information:
Information that you supply to us. This can, for example, include information that you supply to us when you fill out an online resume, when you register as a user, when you respond to questions that we ask you, when you participate in an interview, and when you communicate with us in other ways.
Information that we collect from publicly available sources. This can, for example, include information from social media sites, blogs written by you, and information written by others about you.
What we learn from your interactions with our websites. This can, for example, include your navigation around our websites, page views, searches on our websites, and information about the devices and software you use to connect to our websites, including geo location information.
What we collect from third parties who provide services to us and our clients. This can, for example, include companies that conduct background checks on you. We will not, however, conduct a background check on you unless you give us specific consent.
What we learn from our clients, our potential clients, and our team relating to your interactions with them. This can, for example, include evaluations and comments relating to your previous services to our clients and your previous interactions with us.
We should not supply us any identification numbers (like a U.S. social security number or a Canadian social insurance number), credit card information or bank account information unless we specifically ask you for such information. Supplying us with this or any other information deemed “sensitive” by applicable law is entirely voluntary on your part. During the application process (i.e., until you have been placed), we will not request information described in this paragraph via email.
You can withdraw or modify your consent to our collection and processing of the information you provide. See “Your right to access, review, update and delete” below.
How we use information that we collect
We may use information that we collect for the following purposes:
To register you and maintain your registration.
To know who you are when you return to the Web-lingoWebsite and to connect you to information that you previously gave so that you do not have to re-enter it each time.
To provide and improve the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services, including solicitation of your feedback and input.
To respond to your inquiries and otherwise communicate with you regarding your use of the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services.
To verify information that you have provided to us.
To determine whether we want to use your services, either as an employee or as an independent contractor.
To provide your information to and otherwise communicate with third parties that may be interested in using your services, either as an employee or as an independent contractor. Even if you select only one possible opportunity, if you are not selected for that opportunity, we may use your content and information to present you for other positions.
To keep your information up-to-date.
To maintain a record of our and our clients’ past interactions with you.
To inform you of opportunities to provide your services that may be of interest to you.
To generate internal reports about the use of the Web-lingoWebsite and our Services.
To analyze trends and develop statistics about providers and recipients of services.
To prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk, including identification of potential hackers and other unauthorized users.
To enforce our terms of use and policies, including this privacy policy.
To comply with applicable court orders, subpoenas, document requests, and other legal processes and requirements.
For any other purposes that you separately authorize as you interact with us.
How we share information that we collect with others
We may share your information with:
Our affiliates.
Third parties that may be interested in using your services.
Service providers (e.g., providers of background and financial checks). In each case, we will only disclose information that is reasonably necessary to complete the service provider’s obligations, and we will only allow them to use or disclose your information as necessary to perform their services on our behalf or as otherwise required by law.
Those to whom we make disclosures to prevent violations of our terms of use or policies, prevent a crime or other violations of law, protect national security, or protect the interests or safety of us, our clients or other users of the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services.
We may also share aggregated information with others that is based on part on your information, but such aggregated information will not contain any of your personal information.
How information is transmitted, stored and processed
We may transmit, store or process your information on our equipment and in the cloud. Our equipment and cloud servers may be located in various locations, including Canada, the United States, South Africa, the United Kingdom, India and possibly your country.
You acknowledge that other countries do not necessarily have the same data protection laws as your country. In addition, third parties that may be interested in using your services may be subject to yet a different set of data protection laws. In all of these cases, we will take reasonable steps to comply with applicable law. Those steps may include internal protections by us and our affiliates, contractual provisions among us and our affiliates, and contractual provisions with third parties. To the extent that reasonable guidelines govern the transmission, processing and/or storage of data in multiple countries, we will engage in reasonable efforts to comply with those guidelines, including any successor to the EU-US Safe Harbor guidelines.
You authorize and consent to any such transmission, storage or processing, and you acknowledge that if you do not wish your information to be transferred or stored in such a manner, you have the alternative of not using the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services.
We may retain all the information we collect about you indefinitely in order to make your future use of our sites more efficient. However, you may change or remove your information in the manner described in this privacy policy in “Your right to access, review, update and delete” below.
Use of cookies
We may send a cookie (a text file) to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your device or to store information or settings in your browser. We may also send a web beacon (also called a Web bug or a pixel tag or a clear GIF) to learn more about how you are interacting with our websites. In addition, we may use locally shared objects (sometimes called flash cookies), mobile identifiers and similar technologies to do the same things.
These items (collectively “cookies”) can add to your convenience and allow us to send you secure webpages. They can also facilitate the proper functioning and efficiency of the Web-lingoWebsite, including the use of web analytics, as well as improved security and the prevention of fraud and unauthorized access.
Your browser may allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please be aware, however, that some of the Web-lingoWebsite’s features or functionality may not work properly without them.
Your right to access, review, update and delete; expiration of your account
Except as provided below, you may access, update, amend or delete information that you provide to us. You may also delete your account, which will cause the same information to be deleted.
In some cases, we may not able to grant you access to information that we hold or allow you to delete it. For example:
We may need to refuse access if granting access would interfere with the privacy of others or if it would result in a breach of confidentiality. If that happens, we will give you written reasons for our refusal.
We may keep track of the people to whom we are currently providing services and to whom we previously provided services. In order to do that, we may need to retain your name. In addition, to avoid confusion we do not reissue user names for a period of time.
Once we send your information to third parties that may be interested in using your services, they may retain a copy, and we cannot control and are not responsible for their retention, use and disclosure of your information.
We may retain aggregate information, which may have been based in part on your information.
We may retain information in order to meet our legal obligations.
If you do not sign in to your account or interact with our websites for a significant period of time, your account will expire and be scheduled for removal from the Web-lingoWebsite. Expired accounts are deleted on a periodic basis. Our current expiration period is approximately 36 months. We may extend or reduce this period in order to adjust to changing circumstances.
Security
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to assist us in protecting your information against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. Those safeguards include firewalls, password protection, encryption, physical access controls, and information access controls.
Please note that no electronic transmission, storage or processing of information can be entirely secure. We cannot guarantee that the security measures we have in place to safeguard your information will never be defeated or fail, or that those measures will always be sufficient or effective. Therefore, though we are committed to protecting your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your information will always remain private or secure. You understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of our websites and the internet generally and for your information.
To protect yourself, you should safeguard your account with us, your user name, and password and not share that information with anyone. You should not use the same password you use with us for any other web services or applications. You should also log out and close your browser window whenever you have finished a visit to the Web-lingoWebsite. Please note that we will never ask you for your account user name or password via email.
Right to change this policy at any time
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time and from time to time. Any updated versions of this privacy policy will be posted on the Web-lingoWebsite. Please review it regularly. Your continued use of the Web-lingoWebsite or our Services constitutes acceptance of such changes.
Not responsible for third parties or links
We may send your information to third parties that may be interested in using your services. Once we send your information to them, we cannot control their use, disclosure or retention of your information. In each such instance, the use of such information by such a third party will be subject to the privacy policy of that company and not ours, and we are not responsible for that third party’s use or disclosure of your information.
Our websites may contain links to other websites. If you choose to click on such a link, you will be directed to a third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of the third party’s privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over any third party websites. Such a third party may place its own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit information from you. We encourage you to read each third party privacy policies or statements, and we are not responsible for that third party’s use or disclosure of your information.
Acquisitions and reorganizations
We may disclose your information to one or more third parties in connection with any change of ownership or control in our business (whether by merger, sale, or otherwise), or any other reorganization or joint venture, or assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding), and any such information may be used by such third parties in accordance with this privacy policy, as it may be amended from time to time in accordance with this privacy policy.
Do not track
Your browser setting may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to our websites. We do not alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal.
California “Shine the Light” law
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge.
Under Section 1798.83, we currently do not share any personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Quick Quote
Name *
Email *
Phone
Message *
Captcha *