https://webb-elec.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Request a call back
Please fill out the enquiry form and a team member will get back to you shortly to help.
Full Name (required)
Email Address (required)
Phone Number (required)
Company Name
Additional Info
We will only use your contact details to deal with your enquiry. If you would like us to keep you up to date with our latest news and offers, please tick the box below:
Yes, please contact me with your latest news and offers
Need Assistance?
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Data Protection Policy
This Privacy Information explains how we use your personal data: how it is collected, how it is held, and how it is processed. It also explains your rights under the law relating to your personal data.
What is personal data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
Information that we gather
We may collect some or all of the following personal data (this may vary according to your relationship with us):
Name;
Address;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Business name;
Job title;
Payment information;
Your rights
1. Your right to be informed
Information about us:
We are: Teknet Marketing Ltd.
Our address is: Unit 27, Owen Road, Willenhall, West Midlands, WV13 2PY.
The person responsible for managing all the data held by the company is the managing director, Julian Webb who can be contacted by email on hello@webb-elec.co.uk should you have any problems regarding your rights.
As a business that sell to businesses and members of the public, there are a number of lawful reasons that we may hold information about an individual. An individual is someone not classed as either a Limited Company, Limited Liability Partnership, a PLC, a Community Interest Company or Charity. There are predominantly three reasons we do this;
Hold enough data to allow us to have a business relationship
To transact our business and hold sufficient data for us to be able to process orders and deliver services on those orders.
To send, with consent, promotional marketing emails with respect to our products and services that we think may be of interest to you. We gather consent in a number of ways including asking the question over the phone when taking orders in that way, and seeking affirmative confirmation of your consent on our website when you place an online enquiry.
By law, we must retain this information for as long as one of those three lawful reasons continues to be applicable. If we do not have your permission to send emails, and we have not transacted an order with you for a period of six years, then we delete the personal information from our systems.
If at any time you wish to withdraw your consent or make a complaint about our handling of personal data then you can:
Email: hello@webb-elec.co.uk
Or write to us at: Unit 27, Owen Road, Willenhall, West Midlands, WV13 2PY.
We will remove that consent or contact you with respect to your complaint within one month of receiving your request.
2. Your right of access
If you wish to know what data we store about you, check that it is correct, or ensure that it is being used lawfully, then you may email us or write to and we will provide you with the data that we hold about you in the same format in which you made the request.
We will do this within one month, unless the request is complex, or we have too many requests to deal with, in which case we will respond to you within one month and explain the reason for the delay.
3. Your right to rectification
Should you believe the information we hold about you to be incorrect then you can email or write to us at the address above to let us know and we will correct it. We will always endeavor do this within one month.
4. Your right of removal
GDPR gives you the right under certain circumstances for any company that holds data about you or that is yours to be deleted. You may request that we remove the information which we hold about you (also known as your right to be forgotten). You may request this if you believe that we no longer need the information for which it was originally lawfully collected, or that you have withdrawn or never gave your consent for us to use the data for marketing purposes.
In order to comply with your request we may stop providing you with our services; alternately, you may want to wait until we have finished providing you services and then we will remove your data as you requested.
5. Your right to restrict
Under the GDPR in certain circumstances you also have the right to restrict the data that is being held. You may ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information if you think it is inaccurate, you object to the processing, or you wish us to retain the information past the point at which we would normally remove it as you wish to establish or defend a legal claim.
6. Your right to data portability
You may request a copy of the data that we hold about you in a specific format (such as a Word file or an Excel spreadsheet).
We will provide this free of charge within one month of the request, unless the request is complex at which point we will contact you to discuss the request.
7. Your right to object
GDPR under certain circumstances also gives you the right to object to the data that is being held about you. Should you object to our handling of your data in the areas of direct marketing, processing orders, or for any other reason then you can inform us of your objection by emailing or writing to us.
If we agree with your objection then we will restrict the processing of your data within one month.
8. Your rights relating to automated decision making and profiling
We do not currently use your data in this way.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
Any changes we make to our privacy notice in the future will be posted on this page.  Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy notice.
For technical enquiries or to place an order
+44 (0)121 526 5070
Request a call back.
Please fill out the form below and one of our experienced team members will get back to you shortly.
Full Name (required)
Email Address (required)
Phone Number (required)
Company Name
Additional Info
We will only use your contact details to deal with your enquiry. If you would like us to keep you up to date with our latest news and offers, please tick the box below:
Yes, please contact me with your latest news and offers