https://webtrading.com/privacy-policy.htm
...Privacy-Policy...
This is the No-Spam and Policy about Privacy of Webtrading
Webtrading considers the privacy of our website visitors of extreme significance and importance. This privacy-policy statement outlines the types of personal information which is received and collected by webtrading and how it is used. If you require any more info or have questions about privacy which you feel are not discussed here, please contact-us by email at above address.
Non-Spam Notice
We never send any spam emails (or read/open any spams we get), or want to receive email spams from 3rd parties and ask spam-senders to delete us from your bulk-email-server.
Log Files Like many other websites, Webtrading makes use of log-files for gathering statistics. Information inside the log-files may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser and Internet Service Provider (ISP) you are using, date/time stamps, referring/exit pages and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movements around the site and gather demographic data.
Personal Identify
IP addresses and other such information are not linked or used to any information which is personally identifiable, thus making your personal identity safe.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Webtrading.com and Webtrading.org do not use web-beacons or cookies. Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our website. Our ad partners include (but are not limited to) the following: Google Adsense; Clickbank; Magenet; Amazon;
These 3rd-party ad-servers (a.k.a. ad-networks) use technology in advertisements and links appearing on Webtrading sent directly via your web-browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as Cookies, JavaScript or Web Beacons) may also be used by 3rd-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising and/or to personalize the advertising content which you see.
Webtrading has no access to or control over the cookies which are used by 3rd-party advertisers. You can consult respective privacy policies of these 3rd-party ad-servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. Webtrading's privacy policies do not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of other advertisers or websites.
Google, as a third party vendor uses cookies (if it serves ads on webtrading). Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to site users based on their visit to Webtrading and other sites on the Web. Users may opt-out of using DART cookie by visiting Google ad and content network privacy policy at this URL: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so via your individual browser settings options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web-browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites. If you feel this site is not following its stated information policy you may contact Webtrading by email to address located at the top-of-this page.