http://wegetyouapproved.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Disclosure
(Protection of the Privacy of Personal Non-Public information)
Respecting and protecting customer privacy is vital to us. By explaining our privacy policy to you, we trust that you will better understand how we keep our customer information private and secure while using it to serve you better. Keeping customer information secure is a top priority, and we are disclosing our polices to help you understand how we handle the personal information about you that we collect and disclose. This notice explains how you can limit our disclosing of information about you.
The Privacy Policy explains the following:
Protecting the confidentiality of our customer information
Who is covered by our Privacy Policy
How we gather information
The types of information we share, why and with whom
Opting Out- how to instruct us not to share certain information about you or not to contact you
Protecting the Confidentiality of Customer Information
We take our responsibility to protect the privacy and confidentiality of customer information very seriously. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to store and secure information about you from unauthorized access, alteration and destruction. Our control policies, for example, authorize access to customer information only by individuals who need access to do their work.
From time to time, we enter into agreements with other companies to provide services to us or make products and services available to you. Under these agreements, the companies may receive information about you, but they must safeguard this information and they may not use it for any other purposes.
Who is covered by the Privacy Policy
We provide our Privacy Policy to customers when they conduct business with our company. If we change our privacy policies to permit us to share additional information we have about you, as described below, or to permit disclosures to additional types of parties, you will be notified in advance. This Privacy Policy applies to consumers who are current customers or former customers.
How we gather information
As part of providing you with financial products or services, we may obtain information about you from the following sources:
Applications, forms, and other information that you provide us, whether in writing, in person, by telephone, electronically, or by any other means.
This information may include your name, address, employment information, income, and credit references.
Your transaction with us, our affiliates, or others:
This information may include your account balances, payment history and account usage.
Consumer reporting agencies:
This information may include account information and information about your credit worthiness.
Public sources:
This information may include real estate records, employment records, telephone numbers, etc.
Information We Share
We may disclose information we have about you as permitted by law. We are required to or we may provide information about you to third-parties without your consent, as permitted by law, such as:
To regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials.
To protect against or prevent actual fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims, or other liability.
To report account activity to credit bureaus
To consumer reporting agencies
To respond to a subpoena or court order, judicial process or regulatory authorities
In connection with a proposed or actual sale, merger or transfer of all or a portion of a business operating unit, etc.
In addition, we may provide information about you to our service providers to help us process your application or service your accounts. Our service providers may include billing service providers, mail and telephone service companies, lenders, investors, title and escrow companies, appraisals, etc.
We also may provide information about you to our service providers to help us perform marketing services. This information provided to these service providers may include the categories of information described above under “How we gather information” limited to only that which we deem appropriate for these service providers to carry out their functions.
We do not provide non-public information about you to any company whose products and services are being marketed unless you authorize us to do so. These companies are not allowed to use your information for purposes beyond your specific authorization.
Website Features and Plugins
In our site we may have embedded Facebook Comments plugin to allow you to leave comment at our website using your Facebook account. This plugin may collect your IP address, your web browser User Agent, store and retrieve cookies on your browser, embed additional tracking, and monitor your interaction with the commenting interface, including correlating your Facebook account with whatever action you take within the interface (such as “liking” someone’s comment, replying to other comments), if you are logged into Facebook. For more information about how this data may be used, please see Facebook’s data privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
Lastly, we may also use Disqus Comments widget at our website for you to be able to comment at our webpages using Disqus commenting system. Disqus may collect information about you when you register for and use the Service. Such information may include “Personally Identifiable Information” which means information that identifies you as an individual, such information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, telephone number, username or account ID, and “Non-Personally Identifiable Information” which means information that does not identify you as an individual. Non-Personally Identifiable Information may include, but is not limited to, information about your browser, your IP address, device ID, what pages you visit on our Partner Sites, which website you came from, what advertisements you clicked on, whether on our Partner Websites, the Service or other third party websites, and other information about your online activity that does not identify you as an individual, in accordance with their data privacy policy: https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy
Opting Out
We also may share information about you within our corporate family of offices. We may share all of the categories of information we gather about you, including identification information (such as your name and address), credit reports, (such as your credit history), application information (such as your income or credit references), your account transactions and experiences with us (such as your payment history), and information from other third parties (such as your employment history)
By sharing this information we can better understand your financial needs. We can then send you notification of new products and special promotional offers that you may not otherwise know about. For example, if you originally obtained a mortgage loan with us, we know you are a homeowner and may be interested in hearing how a home equity line of credit may be a better option than an auto loan to finance the purchase of a new car. You may prohibit the sharing of application and third-party credit related information within our company or any third-party company at anytime.
If you would like to limit disclosures of personal information about you as described in this notice, contact us via the “Contact Us” tab and let us know you’d like to opt out.
McGehee Woolf
The Loan Surgeon
The Woolf Group at RSMC
Call 225.767.5355
NMLS# 89625
NMLS# 62411
Get in Touch!
Your Name*Email AddressPhone Number*MessageCommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Connect with Me
Browse Articles by Category
Browse Articles by Category
Select Category
Around The Home
Blog
Fair Housing
Financial Crisis
Financial Fraud
Financial Reports
Home Buyer Tips
Home Buying Tips
Home Mortgage Tips
Home Seller Tips
Home Tips
Market Outlook
Mortagage Tips
Mortgage
Mortgage Application
Mortgage Tips
Organization Tips
Real Estate
Real Estate Trends
Archives
Archives
Select Month
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
Recent Articles
What To Watch Out For When Buying A Home
An Overview of Mortgage Forbearance: What Is This And What Should Homeowners Know?
An Overview of Mortgage Forbearance: What Is This And What Should Homeowners Know?
Home Values Are Impacted By School Zones: Is The Move Worth It?
Looking for something?
Our Location
5800 One Perkins Place Dr., #10A
Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70808