https://welcomematservices.com/privacy-policy/
Welcomemat Services Privacy Policy
Last Updated on December 15, 2019Welcomemat Services Inc. (“Welcomemat,” “we,” or “us”) is committed to respecting your privacy. Thank you for taking the time to read this Privacy Policy, which explains our practices regarding the collection, retention, use, sale, and disclosure of customers’ personal information that we receive through our websites, online portals, and landing pages, as well as through any printed materials Welcomemat may produce. This Privacy Policy applies to Welcomematservices.com, Welcomemat.com, Welcomematfranchising.com, the Welcomemat application, and any other websites or digital platforms owned and operated by Welcomemat that link to this Privacy Policy (the “Company Sites” or “Sites”). This Privacy Policy also applies to any certificates, company forms, mailings, print advertisements, or promotional materials in printed or paper form (the “Written Materials”) that provides written notice to customers of our Privacy Policy or directs customers to this Privacy Policy though providing a web address, URL, or other link.This Privacy Policy applies to both the Company Sites and the Written Materials. To make this Privacy Policy easier to read and understand, the Company Sites and the Written Materials may be referred to individually, or when referred to collectively, are called the “Company Materials.”Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and refer to the Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. By accessing or using the Company Materials, you consent to our collection, storage, use, transfer, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services, or applications, even if they are accessible through our Sites.1. Collection, Maintenance and Utilization of Personal InformationInformation Collected or Received from You VoluntarilyCertain features of our Company Sites are only available to registered users. If you register on our Company Sites, you must provide personal information as part of the registration or onboarding process that can be used to identify you as an individual, such as your name, mailing address, email address, and phone number. We may also collect other information from you, such as credit card or other payment information, login name, affiliated company information and password for the Sites.Aside from registration, we may also collect information from you through your other interactions using the Company Materials.  For example, if you are applying for a job, making a specific request, asking questions, responding to a survey, entering a contest, or otherwise communicating with us via emails, texts, or other means through our Company Materials, we may collect the personal information you have submitted. If you elect any such activity, or if you choose to otherwise access or use any part of the Company Materials or any of the services provided on or through any of the Company Materials, we may receive or request your name, date of birth, gender, race, language preference, email address, telephone number, communication preferences, income level, education level, geolocation, residential data, and related information including friends, family members, hobbies, pets, and interests.Your utilization of the Company Materials is completely voluntary. If you are not comfortable sharing your personal information, you have no obligation to provide this information when you use the Company Materials. Note, however, that if you decide not to provide us with your personal information, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the services provided on or through the Company Materials. Ultimately, the release of your own personal information to Welcomemat is in your own control.Information Collected or Received from You Automatically Through the Company SitesAside from personal information that you knowingly provide us through the Company Materials, the Company Sites automatically collect and track (1) the home server domain names, internet protocol (“IP”) addresses, type of client device, and the type of web browser of visitors to the Company Sites, and (2) aggregate and specific information on what pages visitors access. The automatic collection of information is discussed in more detail below in the section of this Privacy Policy entitled, “Information Collected Using Cookies and Other Web Technologies.” We may combine your personal information with other information collected from and about you on the Site from third parties, or from other online and offline sources. In these cases, our Privacy Policy governs the handling of the combined information.Cross-Device Data LinkingIf you access the Company Sites using multiple devices, such as a mobile device and a computer, these devices may all be linked or associated (i.e., through a common IP address) to you and we may receive, use, or transfer data collected from one device to other devices. We use the term “devices” to refer collectively to computers and mobile devices, as well as Internet browsers and other applications on your devices that interact with the Internet.2. Methods of Information CollectionInformation Collected Using Cookies and Other Web TechnologiesThe automatic information collection on the Company Sites that we described above may use several data collection tools and techniques, including cookies, log files, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, file information, clickstream, web beacons, pixels, and similar technology (collectively, “tracking technologies”).Cookies and Tracking Technologies: We, our third-party partners and affiliates, or analytics applications use cookies and tracking technologies in analyzing trends, administering the Company Sites, tracking users’ movements around the Sites, and other websites and gathering demographic information about our user base, as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies on an individual as well as aggregated data on groups of users. We use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference) and customize their experiences, as well as for user authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Company Sites, but your ability to use some features or areas of the Sites may be limited.Log Files: Like many websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include a user’s IP addresses, browser type, ISP, operating system, date/timestamp, the web page that a user was visiting before or after accessing our Sites, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you, in part to improve our Sites’ functionality and the services we make available to you.Local Storage: We use Local Storage (LS) including the feature available in HTML5 to store content information and preferences. HTML5 is the markup language used to create webpages and it provides for saving a small database of information on a user’s machine. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also may use LS such as HTML5 to collect and store information. If you want to remove HTML5 LS from your machine, your browser may offer management tools for removing HTML5 LS.Single Sign-On: You may log in to the Sites using sign-on services such as Google Sign-in, Facebook Connector, or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, such as your name and email address, to pre-populate our registration form. These sign-on services may also give you the option to post information about your activities on the Sites to social media websites, such as Facebook and Instagram.Social Media Widgets: Our Site may include social media features such as the Facebook Like button and/or other features that allow you to interact with our Sites or share content or experiences of our Sites. These features may collect your IP address and the page you are visiting on our Sites and may set a cookie to enable the social media feature to function properly. These social media features are hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the companies providing the social media features.Analytics Information: We may collect analytics data or use third-party services such as Google Analytics, to help us understand and analyze how visitors use the Sites. We may receive analytics reports based on individual and aggregated data. These analytics services, including third-party services such as Google Analytics, also use this information to place advertisements for our products on other websites that you visit after your use of the Sites. These advertisements may be based on the pages you visited during your use of the Sites. For further information about how Google may use data it collects through the Sites you may visit Google’s information page describing how Google uses information from sites. If you would like to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you may choose to install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on to opt out of Google Analytics data collection, by visiting this site and adding this tool to your browser. Your web browser may have settings that allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” signal when you visit various websites or use online services. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our users, we are unable to respond to Do Not Track signals set by your browser at this time. To learn more about “Do Not Track” signals, you may wish to visit thisBehavioral Advertising: If you would like to generally opt out of receiving personalized ads from third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, please visit the opt-out pages on the NAI website and the DAA website.Information Collected Through Written MaterialsIn addition to the information collection methods that we described above; we collect information through our Written Materials when you redeem a certificate or otherwise choose to accept an offer or promotion contained in the Written Materials at the business that has extended the offer.  Welcomemat does not collect customer’s data until you present the certificate. We collect information in the following manner:Welcomemat Application: Welcomemat uses data acquired from a variety of sources to compile a list of households that we anticipate will be interested in the Written Materials. The Written Materials are marked with a code, unique to each household that receives the Written Materials. When you redeem a certificate or otherwise choose to accept an offer or promotion contained in the Written Materials, the Written Materials are scanned and the Welcomemat application collects identifying information about the household that has redeemed the certificate. We may combine this automatically collected information with other information we collect about you, in part to improve the services we make available to you. We may also aggregate your information with information collected from other households, in part to provide you with offers that we believe you would find valuable.Point of Sale Scanner: We may also use a point of sale scanner to collect information about households that redeem offers contained in the Written Materials. The method of collection is similar to that of the Welcomemat application, however the data is not automatically transferred to us, but is stored and released to Welcomemat on a monthly basis. We may combine the information collected with other information, in part to improve the services to you as well as to provide you with offers that we believe you would find valuable.3. Affiliate Marketing Programs and Third-Party CookiesWe may participate in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program in which we are compensated (paid a fee) by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. Welcomemat may also participate in other third-party affiliate marketing programs that allow us to earn commissions when you click on (and/or make purchases using) links to companies, brands, products, and/or services on our Sites. To keep track of the commissions we earn, the companies who provide these programs may place third-party cookies on your computer or mobile device. By clicking on the links on our Sites, you are consenting to placement and use of cookies as described in the following privacy policies:Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496Pepperjam: https://wwwlpepperjam.com/legalImpact Radius: https://impact.com/privacypolicy/ShareASale: https://shareasale.com/PrivacyPolicy.pdf4. How we Use Your Personal InformationWe may use the information we collect from you and about you through the Company Materials for various purposes, including:To create and maintain an account in your name so that we can communicate with you and you can communicate with Welcomemat;To contact you, including with questions or issues regarding your account and for other non-marketing or administrative purposes;To respond to your inquiries, and to send you information you have requested and additional information about us, our services, and third-party advertisers;To fulfill orders, provide service, and communicate with customers;To research, test and develop new products, services, features, and promotions;To make your use of the Sites more convenient;To provide you and other users with customized website content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Sites, or via email or other electronic communication across multiple devices;To customize ads and to manage and facilitate messaging on third party sites, including but not limited to Facebook, Google, and Twitter;To review the traffic to and usage and operations of our Sites and improve our content, products, services, and functionality;To address problems with the Sites or our business;To promote the Sites;To manage our telecommunications networks;To protect the security or integrity of the Site and our business;In other ways as may be described to you at the point of data collection.5. Sharing Your InformationThere are instances in which Welcomemat has and will share personal information, in order for the company to function and to provide services to our customers. We may share information (including personal information) we collect from and about you in the instances described below: Information Shared with Our Service ProvidersTo any service provider that operates our Company Sites and their affiliated companies;To other service providers if sharing your information will enable or assist them to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for us. Information Shared with Third PartiesTo third parties as needed if we reasonably believe that there has been a violation of this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use on our Sites, or to protect the security or integrity of Welcomemat, our affiliates, advertisers, and users, including to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with preventing fraud or illegal activity;To third parties offering products or services on the Sites;To third parties in order to promote Welcomemat and the Sites;To third parties for which Welcomemat creates certificates to offer products or services to prospective customers, but personal information is shared with the third parties only upon certificate redemption;To third parties, as described to you at the point of data collection. Information Shared in Connection with Your Participation in Referral ServicesIf you choose to participate in any referral service we may offer, we use the information you provide to us to determine which participating professional(s) could address your needs and may then share your information with the professional(s) so they are able to contact you regarding the service you require. We are compensated (paid a fee) for making these referrals, and once we give your information to the professional(s) or other third party, your information will become subject to the information collection, retention, use, and disclosure practices of the professional(s) or other third party and not subject to this Privacy Policy. Information Shared for Our Protection and the Protection of OthersWith government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights, and safety, and property, rights, and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical, or legally actionable. Information Shared in Connection with Business TransactionsTo others in connection with a transaction or potential transaction where we merge with another organization, file for bankruptcy, or sell some or all of our assets or capital stock;For general business purposes within Welcomemat’s family of businesses, including its parent company, affiliates and subsidiaries. Aggregated Information SharedWith others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.6. Protecting Personal InformationThe security of your personal information is important to us. We maintain reasonable, generally accepted administrative, technical and physical measures to safeguard the information we collect from and about our customers and anyone who visits or uses the Company Sites. While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, no method of Internet transmission or electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you choose to create an account on our Sites, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any activity that occurs under your account. We are not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information. If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or account, please notify us immediately by emailing ____info@welcomematservices.com______.7. Transferring Personal Information to Other CountriesWelcomemat is an American corporation and the services we provide are generally intended for users located in the United States, therefore this Privacy Policy is in accordance with United States laws, and state laws, where applicable, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). If you choose to provide your personal information to us through Company Materials, we may transfer that information to other countries, where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, contractors, or service providers do business. Any transfer of your personal information will be done so where permitted by local laws and regulatory requirements and only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.8. Blogs and Public ForumsThe Company Sites may offer publicly available blogs, bulletin boards, chat rooms, ratings or reviews, or other community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. We encourage you to be cautious when submitting personal information in these public areas. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at info@welcomematservices.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information. In that event, we will provide appropriate notice to you.9. Visiting Non-Company WebsitesThe Company Sites may contain links to other websites, which may have privacy policies and/or information collection, retention, use and disclosure practices that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the practices (including the information collection, retention, use and disclosure practices) or content of websites other than the Sites. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies and information collection, retention, use and disclosure practices. We encourage you to be aware of the privacy policies and information collection, retention, use and disclosure practices of each website with which you may interact.10. Children's InformationThe services we provide are not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 should provide information to our Sites or through the Written Materials. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use, register for, provide information to, or use any of the interactive or public features of our Sites, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may have. If we learn that we have received information directly from a child who is under the age of 18, we will delete the information as required by applicable law.California residents under the age of 18 who have registered to use the Sites, and who have posted content or information on the Sites, can request that such information be removed from the Sites by contacting us at info@welcomematservices.com or by sending a letter to PO Box 78797 Atlanta GA 30357, stating that they personally posted such content or information and detailing where the content or information is posted. We will make reasonable, good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view or anonymize it so the minor cannot be individually identified. However, this removal process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive deletion from the Internet.Similarly, California residents under the age of 18 who have received our Written Materials and have provided personal information to us in response to or use of any certificates, services, or products offered in the Written Materials can request that such information be removed by contacting us at remove@welcomematservices.com or by sending a letter to PO Box 78797 Atlanta GA 30357, Attn: Data Removal, stating that (1) they received notice of this Privacy Policy before providing their personal information to us; and (2) they wish to opt-out of having their personal information stored.11. Your ChoicesIf you wish to update or remove your personal information, opt-out from receiving, or opt-in to receive marketing communications from us please do so by indicating your preferences by contacting us at privacy@welcomematservices.com. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the same mailing or email address. Where required by law, you may request access to your personal information that we maintain. If permitted by law, we may charge a reasonable fee for providing access to personal information, but we do not charge for lodging a request for access. We may retain your information for the length of time allowed by applicable law. You may elect to terminate your Welcomemat account registration at any time by sending an email to us at requests@welcomematservices.com.  If you do, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete your personal information on our servers, although some data that cannot be removed in a commercially reasonable manner may remain in the Welcomemat secure database. Additionally, your data that was previously archived may be stored in our offline backups. However, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.12. California Privacy RightsRight to RequestCalifornia law permits customers in California to request certain details about what personal information is collected, used, sold, and disclosed to third parties and, in some cases, affiliates. If you are a California resident, you may request information about our collection, use, sale, and disclosure of your personal information. To make such a request, please contact us in writing at PO Box 78797 Atlanta GA 30357. To make a request, please provide sufficient information for us to determine if this applies to you, attest to the fact that you are a California resident, and provide your current California address to which we will send our response. Your inquiry must specify “California Rights Request” in the subject line of the email or the first line of the letter, and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that we are not required to respond to more than two requests from the same customer in a 12-month period.Right to DeleteYou have the right, under California law, to request the deletion of your personal information. To make a request, please contact us in writing at PO Box 78797 Atlanta GA 30357. To make a request, please provide sufficient information for us to determine if this applies to you, attest to the fact that you are a California resident, and provide your current California address to which we will send our response. Your inquiry must specify “California Rights Request” in the subject line of the email or the first line of the letter, and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.Right to Use an Authorized AgentYou may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf requesting access to or deletion of your personal information. If you choose to use an authorized agent to make a request, you will have to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and we may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf. To make a request, the authorized agent should contact us in writing at PO Box 78797 Atlanta GA 30357. The authorized agent must provide written proof of your permission to act on your behalf. In addition, the authorized agent must provide sufficient information for us to determine if this applies to you, attest to the fact that you are a California resident, and provide your current California address to which we will send our response. Your inquiry must specify “California Rights Request” in the subject line of the email or the first line of the letter, and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.Right to Equal TreatmentYou have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights. The difference in the services we provide to customers will not change for any customer that exercises their privacy rights.If you have any questions about, email privacy@welcomematservices.com, call 404.841.2226, Option 2, or write PO Box 78797 Atlanta GA 30357.13. Selling Your Personal Information - California ResidentsCalifornia residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information that we have collected. If you have been automatically directed to this section of the Privacy Policy because you clicked on the link titled, “DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION” and you wish to exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may submit your request through this webform or by calling ____404.841.2226, Option 2___, emailing__ privacy@welcomematservices.com __, or writing__ PO Box 78797 Atlanta GA 30357__.If you choose to use an authorized agent to exercise your right to opt-out, you will have to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and we may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.14. Our Right to Change this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time. If we do so, we may let you know by posting the modified Policy on the Company Sites, or provide a link to the Privacy Policy, in the Written Materials, or through other communications, Please check back from time to time so you are aware of any changes or updates to this Privacy Policy. It is important that you review the Privacy Policy whenever modified because your continued use of the Company Materials will indicate your acceptance of and agreement to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy, then you may not use the Company Materials anymore. We will indicate the Privacy Policy’s effective date on the first page.Questions?Please contact us at privacy@welcomematservices.com if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.Sign In
Remember! Forget Password? Sign In Don’t have an account,
Sign Up HereSign Up
I agree to the terms & conditions Sign Up have an account,
Sign In Here