https://wellsky.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
WellSky® Disclaimer
The information contained in WellSky.com (“Website”) is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by WellSky, and while we work diligently to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability, or availability with respect to the Website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the Website for any purpose.
In no event will WellSky be liable for any loss or damage, including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or loss or damage arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this Website.
Through this Website, you can link to other websites, which are not under the control of WellSky. We have no control over the nature, content, and availability of those sites. The inclusion of links to outside websites does not imply a recommendation or endorsement of the views expressed within them.
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our Website. If you continue to use this Website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Policy, govern WellSky’s relationship with you in relation to this Website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our Website.
The use of the Website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this Website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This Website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by WellSky or third parties:
Name and job title
Contact information (including email address)
Firm or company
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences, and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness, or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this Website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors. We expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this Website is entirely at your own risk for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services, or information available through this Website meet your specific requirements.
This Website contains material, which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this Website that are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator is acknowledged on the Website.
Unauthorized use of this Website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time, this Website may also include links to other websites. These links are included for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website. We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website.
Children Under the Age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from us about a child under 16, please contact us at the email address below.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how WellSky uses and protects any information that you give WellSky when you use this Website. WellSky respects your privacy and is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide any certain information by which you can be identified when using this Website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
WellSky may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any changes. This policy is effective beginning January 1, 2020.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our website. By accessing or using this website, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
What WellSky Collects
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit this Website and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website;
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website;
When you interact with our marketing and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or marketing includes links to this policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us; or
Any third party, including through any application or content that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
When you visit https://wellsky.com/, we collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail, telephone number or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”);
That is about you but, individually, does not identify you; and/or
About our internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details. We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us;
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, and other tracking technologies; and/or
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information Provided by You
The information WellSky collects on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our service or requesting further services. We may also ask you for the information when you enter a contents or promotion sponsored by us and when you report a problem with our Website;
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us;
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes. Information we collect through automatic data collection technologies as you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; and
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically helps WellSky improve our Website and to deliver better and more personalized services, enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests;
Recognize you when you return to our Website. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include The wellsky.com site may collect information on an aggregate basis, commonly known as “cookies”. A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets our Website know when you visit a site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. Remember that this setting is browser dependent so if you disable cookies in Microsoft Edge, you must also disable them in Google Chrome or Safari. Disabling cookies may prevent you from taking full advantage of the Website. Third parties under contract with WellSky may use cookies or web beacons to collect information about your usage of our Website, and this information may be used by WellSky. A web beacon is a software technology using a clear GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) also known as a pixel tag. These web beacons allow us to analyze our advertising and the general usage patterns of visitors to our Websites.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place industry standard safeguards to protect personal information, including electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. If you choose to communicate with us via email, please do not send information that you believe to be confidential.
In association with the software, content, and services that we provide to our clients in the healthcare industry, we have policies and procedures to address the privacy and security implications of the rules promulgated pursuant to the Health Insurance and Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), the European Union General Data Protection Requirements (EUGDPR), and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as applicable.
WellSky reserves the right to disclose personal information to third parties if required to do so by law; if we believe such action is necessary to comply with legal process served upon us; to protect or defend our legal rights or property; or to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of any obligations owed to WellSky.
WellSky reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which WellSky.com is offered, including but not limited to any changes associated with the use of the Website and this Privacy Policy now or in the future. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions.
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, you should note that we do not have any control over other websites. This Privacy Policy does not govern other websites, and your browsing on any other website is subject to the rules and policies of that website. We encourage you to read the rules and policies of any linked site you access to further understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.
HIPAA
In association with the software, content, and services we provide to our clients in the healthcare industry, WellSky has policies and procedures to address the privacy and security implications of the rules promulgated pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as applicable to WellSky.
WellSky reserves the right to disclose personal information to third parties if required to do so by law; if we believe such action is necessary in order to comply with the requirements of law; to comply with legal process served upon us, protect or defend our legal rights or property; or to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situation involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or violations of any obligations owed to WellSky.
WellSky reserves the right to change the terms, conditions and notices under which WellSky.com is offered, including but not limited to any changes associated with the use of the Website and the Privacy Policy now or in the future. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions.
How We Use Your Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email or visit our Website, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address, our responses, and any other information you provide to us. We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, to understand your needs and provide you with a better service for the following reasons:
To present our Website and its contents to you;
To provide you with information, products, or services that your request from us;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To notify you about changes to our Website or any product or services we offer or provide through it;
Internal record keeping;
Improving our products or services;
To periodically send promotional emails to the email address you provided about new products, special offers, or other information which we think you may find interesting;
To contact you for market research purposes by email, phone, fax, or mail; and/or
To customize the Website according to your interests.
Controlling Your Personal Information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the Website, look for the opt out that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes; and/or
If you have previously agreed to allow WellSky to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may still change your mind and any time by emailing us at compliance@wellsky.com
If you do not want your activity on this Website to be tracked by Google Analytics, you may opt out by using this link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
WellSky will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you for a small fee. For a copy, please write to:
WellSky Corporation
Attn: Regulatory Compliance Manager
11300 Switzer Rd
Overland Park, KS 66210
If you believe that any information, we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Privacy Notice to European Users
The General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) is a European Union (EU) data privacy law. It applies to businesses that collect, use, store, disclose, or combine (“process”) personal data in the EU and to non-EU businesses that process the personal data of people located in the EU. GDPR requires the provision of this notice because WellSky may process your personal data when you purchase or use our products or services.
This Website and the services on this site are targeted for users in the United States of America. Any information you enter on this Site may be transferred outside of the European Union to the United States of America, which does not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in the European Union. You are advised that the United States of America uses a sectoral model of privacy protection that relies on a mix of legislation, governmental regulation, and self-regulation. Article 26 of the European Union’s Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC, 1995 O.J. (L 281) 31) allows for transfer of personal data from European Union to a third country if the individual has unambiguously given his consent to the transfer of personal information, regardless of the third country’s level of protection. By using this Website or the services, you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States of America, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in the European Union and to the processing of that information by WellSky on its servers located in the United States of America as described in this Privacy Policy.
WellSky collects the categories of your personal data explained in the above sections. WellSky, as applicable, processes your personal data when we have your consent to do so; when the processing is necessary for our legitimate business interests; and when the processing is required by law.
Consent
In some cases, we may ask you for your consent to collect and process your Personal Data. If you choose to provide consent, you may later withdraw you consent (opt-out) by contacting us as described below. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, it will not affect any processing of your Personal Data that has already occurred.
Consent Compliance with applicable laws or performance of a contract
In specific circumstances, we may need to process your Personal Data to comply with a relevant law/regulation or to fulfill our obligations under a contract to which you are subject. Where we process your Personal Data to meet our legal obligations, you will likely not be permitted to object to this processing activity, but you will usually have the right to access or review this information unless it would impede our legal obligations. Where we are processing Personal Data to fulfill our contract obligations under a contract where you are a party, you might not be able to object to this processing, or if you do choose to opt-out or object our processing, it may impact our ability to perform a contractual obligation owed to you.
Legitimate Business Interest
GDPR also allows us to process your personal data if we have a legitimate interest in communicating with you and managing our interactions with you regarding our products and services, research, and education opportunities. In addition to the other rights you may have described below, you have the right to object to such processing of your Personal Data. You can register your objection by contacting us as described below.
To Whom and When Will We Disclose or Share Your Personal Data
WellSky will share or disclose your Personal Data with the following entities:
Our global affiliates, as we discuss below.
Third parties with whom we contract to carry out services on our behalf or to perform activities or functions related to the processing purposes regarding your Personal Data that are described above. If we do, WellSky requires that these third parties acting on our behalf protect the confidentiality and security of your Personal Data that we share with them. These third parties must contractually agree that they will not use or disclose your Personal Data for any other purposes than necessary to provide us services, perform services on our behalf, or to comply with applicable laws or regulations.
Government agencies, auditors, and authorities. If we pay you for services you provide, we may disclose your Personal Data, including your financial relationship with us and any amounts you have been paid by us, to government authorities, auditors, and agencies, relating to our regulatory activities, in response to authorized information requests, or as otherwise required by laws or regulations.
Potential or actual third-party purchasers. If we decide to reorganize or divest our business through a sale, merger, or acquisition, we may share your Personal Data with actual or prospective purchasers. We will be required that any such purchasers treat your Personal Data consistently with this Privacy Policy.
How We Transfer Your Personal Data
We may transmit your Personal Data to our WellSky affiliates. WellSky affiliates names and contact details can be found at https://wellsky.com. Additionally, these affiliates may further transmit your Personal Data to our other global affiliates. Some of our affiliates and their databases locations may be in countries that do not ensure an adequate level of data protection like the laws in the country in which you reside. Regardless, all our affiliates are required to treat your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our privacy and data protection policies and procedures.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
WellSky uses industry-standard administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Data against loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, modification, disclosure, and destruction. We restrict access to your Personal Data to only those employees and third parties acting on our behalf who have a legitimate business need for such access. We will only transfer your Personal Data to third parties acting on our behalf in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy and procedures.
How Long We Retain Your Personal Data
Your Personal Data will be maintained for the duration of your relationship with us. We will store and retain the Personal Data we collect about you in accordance with our Corporate Record Retention Policy, after which it will be archived or deleted. Please note that certain information could be retained for longer period if we have continuing obligations to you or if required by local law.
What Are Your Rights
You have a right to see and obtain a copy of your Personal Data, including an electronic copy, that we have, as well as a right to ask us to make any corrections to any inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data we have about you. You can also request that we erase your Personal Data when it is no longer needed for the purposes for which you provided it, restrict how we process your Personal Data to certain limited purposes where erasure is not possible, or object to our processing of your Personal Data to a particular third party based on your preferences.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set for the below. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority if you believe that your rights have been violated.
Revision of This Privacy Policy
From time to time WellSky may make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our legal obligations or the ways in which we process your Personal Data. WellSky will communicate any material edits to this Privacy Notice.
Contact Information
Please contact WellSky’s EU Data Protection Officer using the below information to:
Ask questions;
File a concern or complaint;
Opt-out of a program or service; and/or
To exercise any of our rights listed above, including access, correction, portability, objection, restriction, and erasure.
WellSky International LTD EU Data Protection Officer
Address:  WellSky EU DPO
1 Aurum Court, Sylvan Way
Southfields Business Park
Laindon
Basildon
Essex
SS15 6th
Email address: dpo@jac.co.uk
Telephone Number: 01268 661915
Privacy Notice for California Residents
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy above and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the state of California (“consumers” or “you”). WellSky adopts this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
WellSky’s Website(s) collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked directly, or indirectly, with a consumer or device “personal information.” Our Website(s), historically, has collected the following categories of personal information:
·       Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Yes
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
No
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
No
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
No
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
No
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records;
De-identified or aggregated consumer information; or
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope like:
Health or medical information covered by HIPAA and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trail data;
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
WellSky obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete on our Website; or
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Website or applications.
Use of Personal Information
WellSky may use, or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which you provided the information. For example, if you share you name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery;
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses;
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations; and
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA. WellSky will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
WellSky may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and to refrain from using it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provide consumers (California Residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected to you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
The categories of third parties with who we share that personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
Sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; and/or
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by contacting us at 1-855-WELLSKY (935-5759) or by sending a message to regulatory.compliance@wellsky.com.  Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide enough information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with enough detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
An amendment to the CCPA provides an exemption to the Right to Know and Right to Delete for personal information between a business and a person who is acting as an employee, director, officer, or contractor of a company, partnership, sole proprietorship, nonprofit, or government where the information is used in the context of a business transaction.  This exemption is currently set to expire on January 1, 2021.  Until that date, we will not respond to requests to know or delete that meet this exemption.
Response Timing and Format
We strive to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, specifically by electronic mail communication.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting our Website and sending us a message.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back into personal information sales at any time by visiting our Website and sending us a message. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
WellSky will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. If WellSky changes this practice in the future, we will update our privacy policy and provide an opt-out link pursuant to CCPA. WellSky treats any information collected prior to such a change as though you have opted-out of the sale of your personal information.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.  Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; and/or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send us an electronic message through our Website or write us at our address listed on our webpage.
Change to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which we collect and uses your information described below and in the Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us as follows:
WellSky Corporation
Attn: Regulatory Compliance Manager
11300 Switzer Rd
Overland Park, KS 66210
Regulatory.compliance@wellsky.com
Hospital Blood Transfusion
Hospital Donor Programs
Blood & Marrow Transplant Programs
Quality & Compliance
Inpatient Rehabilitation
Outpatient Rehabilitation
Capacity Management
Acute Respiratory & Rehabilitation
Medication Management
International Medication Management
Home Home Health
Hospice
Palliative Care
Home Infusion
Specialty Pharmacy
Home Medical Equipment
Personal Care
Home Health Therapy
DDE & Payer Connection
Practices & facilities Behavioral Health
IDD Providers
Adult Day Software
Donor Testing Services
Cell Therapy Research & Manufacturing
Private Practice Rehabilitation Software
Long-Term Care
Long-Term Acute Care Hospitals
Correctional Medication Management
Community Contact Tracing
Payers
IDD Payers
Vocational Rehabilitation
Aging & Disability
Protective Services
Incident Management
Information & Referral
Community-Based Organizations
Housing & Homelessness
Blood Centers
Contact Contact
855-WELLSKY
Linkedin
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Resources All resources
Blog
Ebooks & white papers
Success stories
Tip sheets
Videos
Webinars
About us Meet WellSky
History
Leadership
Our Partners
Giving back
News
Careers
Press kit
Services Services Overview
Advisory Services
Outsourced Services
Professional Services
Scroll to top
We’re using cookies or similar technologies as specific in our cookie policy to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more information about which cookies we are using, or switch them off by clicking Learn more.
You can also consent to the use of such technologies by closing this notice, by interacting with any link or button outside of this notice or by continuing to browse otherwise.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy policy
Accept settingsHide notification only