https://westerndesignintl.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter Who we areWestern Design International a Signature Design Group Inc. company (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://westerndesignintl.com website (the “Service”). This notice is provided to explain the basis on which any personal information we may collect from you, or which you provide to us, is processed. Western Design International a Signature Design Group Inc. company is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy in accordance with its privacy policy.It is vitally important to you that your personal information is kept safe and confidential. It is equally important that when you communicate information to Western Design International a Signature Design Group Inc. company or we communicate with you that it is secure. This policy is intended to make sure that we do all that we can to ensure that information and communication with you is kept private and safe.We do not ask that you provide any sensitive personal data. This is data revealing information about an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade-union membership, and includes genetic data, biometric data (for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual), data concerning health, or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation. If you do provide it, this will be an indication that you explicitly consent to us processing this information.What personal data we collect and why we collect itWhat kind of information do we gather about you?Only the information you choose to give us and only sufficient information to be able to deal with your enquiry. We don’t ask any unnecessary or unreasonable questions. While using our service we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (” Personal Data”). Personal identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:Email addressFirst name and last namePhone numberAddress, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, CityCookies and Usage DataWe may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.Contact FormsAny information you share via our contact form or request for consultation form; such as name, email address, phone number and additonal notes.CommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.CookiesWhat is a cookie?Cookies are small files of letters and numbers that a website creates on your computer. They help the website remember you and make your experience on the site faster and easier. They do not create or store any information that can identify you personally. If you continue exploring our site, we’ll assume you’re happy with this.How do we use cookies?Like most websites, we use cookies to help us improve your experience of our site. Without cookies, a website will always think you’re a new visitor every time you move to a new page on the site.What to do if you don’t want cookiesMost Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your settings so that you are notified whenever you are sent a cookie. Or, if you don’t like the idea of cookies, it is easy to delete cookies that have already been set and stop sites from setting new ones.  Here’s how to do this in different browsers:Google ChromeYou can change your cookie settings in Chrome using the wrench icon on the toolbar. After clicking on the wrench, select ‘settings’, then ‘show advanced settings’, and then the ‘content’ settings button.Mozilla FirefoxYou can manage cookie settings in Firefox from the preferences window’s privacy panel. To access the preferences window, click on the Firefox menu on the menu bar and select ‘preferences’.SafariTo change your cookie settings in Safari, select ‘preferences’ from the Safari menu and then click ‘privacy’.Internet ExplorerYou can block cookies in Internet Explorer by clicking the tools button, and then clicking ‘internet options’. To delete cookies, select ‘safety’ from the tools button and then click ‘delete browsing history’.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWe may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services.Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:http://ww w.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacyYour ability to view and correct informationAt your request and proof of identity we will provide you with details of any personal information we may hold on you. Such information may be corrected, added to or deleted to ensure that it is accurate, up-to-date and complete.Website security and security of transmitting informationWe have security procedures in place for the administration of the website which prevent unauthorized access to the website processes and records.  However, communications over ordinary email between us are not secure.Who we share your data withWe do not sell or otherwise share information about you that we collect or receive, except as described below:Office staff. Any information you provide via a contact form, or request for consultation will be shared with our staff to facilitate fulfillment of your request.Authorized third-party vendors and service providers. We may share your information with third-party vendors and service-providers that help us with specialized services, including billing, payment processing, customer service, email deployment, business analytics, marketing, advertising, performance monitoring, hosting, and data processing.  We take steps to prevent these third parties from using your information for any purpose other than the services they are providing.to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice;to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.How long we retain your dataWe retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.PaymentsWe may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.The payment processors we work with are:PayPal Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-fullSquareTheir Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://squareup.com/legal/privacy-no-accountLinks to Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or servicesChanges to our PolicyWe reserve the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy, and we will post those changes on this page. Please review this page on a regular basis for changes. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy Statement under which the information was collected.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:By Email at Privacy@westerndesignintl.comBy visiting this page on our website https://westerndesignintl.com/contact/In writing at Western Design Intl., 317 NW Locust Ave., Prineville OR 97754Online Policy OnlyThis Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our Website and Services and not to information collected by us offline.Privacy policy updated June 5 2018We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By selecting "Ok" or continuing to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. To learn more please review our Privacy Policy:Accept Reject Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.