https://westbridge.com/privacy-policy/
Main menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
Products
Where to Buy
About Us
Media
News
Videos
Links
Contact Us
Our Privacy Policy
Westbridge Agricultural Products respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an e-mail via the "mail to:" function or filling out a "contact" form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of Westbridge’s website and not sites that users access via links from our site. Westbridge is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Westbridge website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Westbridge may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Westbridge reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of company name and this statement does not create an agreement between Westbridge and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
News CategoriesMedia
Featured News
Why use organic products?
Please take a few minutes and browse our site to find out more about our products, who we are, how to contact us, updated news, and links to other great agricultural and environmental related sites.
Click on the buttons to discover
why we are...
The Grower's Advantage
Safeguard your children and your pets
Organic products leave no harmful or toxic residues and preserve our planet for the next generation.
Build healthy soils
Organic products respect the balance of natural micro-organisms in the soil and maintain natural fertility and soil health; healthy soil is the foundation of the food chain.
Protect our water resources
Excessive nitrogen, phosphorous and pesticides from conventional products can leach into our water supplies, polluting ground and surface water resources, and creating "dead zones". Organic BioLink products are all natural and help protect our water.
Improve nutritional value and beauty
Scientific research demonstrates that fruits and vegetables grown organically not only taste better, but have higher levels of nutrients, such as Vitamin C, Iron, and Magnesium. Flowers and ornamentals grown organically, smell better and look healthier.
© Copyright 2018 Westbridge Agricultural Products  |  All rights reserved  |  Privacy Policy  |  Site Map