https://westoba.com/legal/
COVID-19 Update –
Temporary Branch Hours and Closures
Learn more.
CEBA Expanded and Extended until March 31st, 2021.
Learn more.
Book an Appointment
Market Conduct CodeMembership Application & Account Agreement – Individualse-Statement ConsentPrivacyAccessibility
Home » Legal
Online Policies
Bank with confidence and a greater peace of mind.
At Westoba, we take privacy and security seriously. Nothing is more important than protecting your personal and financial information. We are committed to keeping your information safe. For information on account terms and conditions of use, information collection privacy and secure banking refer to:
Market Conduct Code
Our Market Conduct Code shows the best practices for soliciting, promoting, advertising, marketing, selling, or distributing our products or services in Manitoba. Our credit union's Board of Directors adopts this code and also demonstrates our commitment to the fair treatment of those who use our products and services.
Membership Application & Account Agreement - Individuals
By signing a Membership Application, the Applicant requests membership in the Credit Union and agrees to be bound by the terms of this Account Agreement.
Privacy Consent
We are committed to protecting our member’s privacy and safeguarding their personal and financial information. Please email all privacy questions, reports or incidents to privacy@westoba.com.
Secure Banking
Nothing is more important than protecting your personal and financial information. We are committed to keeping your information safe and want to provide you with the tools and knowledge to protect yourself.
Accessibility Statement
Our commitment to our members inspires us to ensure accessibility for all our members. We take all reasonable actions to ensure all members have access to our services.
e-Statement Consents
By signing the e-Statement Consent form, you consent to receive, periodic statements relating to my current and future deposit and loan accounts electronically.
Contact Us
1-877-WESTOBA
Send us an email