https://wfhss.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
WFHSS – World Federation For Hospital Sterilisation Sciences
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Mission Statement
Statutes
Executive Committee
Members
Members List
Membership
Activities
Members Section
Industrial Partners
World Congress
World Congress 2020 – Macao and Hong Kong
World Congress 2019 – The Hague, The Netherlands
World Congress 2018 – Mexico City, Mexico
World Congress 2017 – Bonn, Germany
World Congress 2016 – Brisbane, Australia
World Congress 2015 – Lille, France
World Congress 2014 – Prague, Czech Republic
Other Conferences
Conferences National
Panamerican Congress
Guidelines
WFHSS Guidelines
International Guidelines
National Guidelines
Questions & Answers
Chatroom
Q to experts
Research Grant
Education
Training Programme
Level 1
Level 2
Publications
Central Service
Forum
Links
Data Privacy Policy & Cookie Policy
HomeData Privacy Policy & Cookie Policy
Personal data (usually referred to just as “data” below) will only be processed by us to the extent necessary and for the purpose of providing a functional and user-friendly website, including its contents, and the services offered there.
Per Art. 4 No. 1 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, i.e. the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as the “GDPR”), “processing” refers to any operation or set of operations such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination, or otherwise making available, alignment, or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction performed on personal data, whether by automated means or not.
The following privacy policy is intended to inform you in particular about the type, scope, purpose, duration, and legal basis for the processing of such data either under our own control or in conjunction with others. We also inform you below about the third-party components we use to optimize our website and improve the user experience which may result in said third parties also processing data they collect and control.
Our privacy policy is structured as follows:
I. Information about us as controllers of your dataII. The rights of users and data subjectsIII. Information about the data processing
I. Information about us as controllers of your data
The party responsible for this website (the “controller”) for purposes of data protection law is:
WFHSS – World Federation for Hospital Sterilization Sciencesc/o Graf und Partner AGHirschmattstrasse 36Postfach 3065CH-6002 LuzernSwitzerland
Email: office@wfhss.com
II. The rights of users and data subjects
With regard to the data processing to be described in more detail below, users and data subjects have the right
to confirmation of whether data concerning them is being processed, information about the data being processed, further information about the nature of the data processing, and copies of the data (cf. also Art. 15 GDPR);
to correct or complete incorrect or incomplete data (cf. also Art. 16 GDPR);
to the immediate deletion of data concerning them (cf. also Art. 17 DSGVO), or, alternatively, if further processing is necessary as stipulated in Art. 17 Para. 3 GDPR, to restrict said processing per Art. 18 GDPR;
to receive copies of the data concerning them and/or provided by them and to have the same transmitted to other providers/controllers (cf. also Art. 20 GDPR);
to file complaints with the supervisory authority if they believe that data concerning them is being processed by the controller in breach of data protection provisions (see also Art. 77 GDPR).
In addition, the controller is obliged to inform all recipients to whom it discloses data of any such corrections, deletions, or restrictions placed on processing the same per Art. 16, 17 Para. 1, 18 GDPR. However, this obligation does not apply if such notification is impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. Nevertheless, users have a right to information about these recipients.
Likewise, under Art. 21 GDPR, users and data subjects have the right to object to the controller’s future processing of their data pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. In particular, an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising is permissible.
III. Information about the data processing
Your data processed when using our website will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose for its storage ceases to apply, provided the deletion of the same is not in breach of any statutory storage obligations or unless otherwise stipulated below.
Server data
For technical reasons, the following data sent by your internet browser to us or to our server provider will be collected, especially to ensure a secure and stable website: These server log files record the type and version of your browser, operating system, the website from which you came (referrer URL), the webpages on our site visited, the date and time of your visit, as well as the IP address from which you visited our site.
The data thus collected will be temporarily stored, but not in association with any other of your data.
The basis for this storage is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the improvement, stability, functionality, and security of our website.
The data will be deleted within no more than seven days, unless continued storage is required for evidentiary purposes. In which case, all or part of the data will be excluded from deletion until the investigation of the relevant incident is finally resolved.
Cookies
a) Session cookies
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files or other storage technologies stored on your computer by your browser. These cookies process certain specific information about you, such as your browser, location data, or IP address.
This processing makes our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure, allowing us, for example, to display our website in different languages or to offer a shopping cart function.
The legal basis for such processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR, insofar as these cookies are used to collect data to initiate or process contractual relationships.
If the processing does not serve to initiate or process a contract, our legitimate interest lies in improving the functionality of our website. The legal basis is then Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
When you close your browser, these session cookies are deleted.
b) Third-party cookies
If necessary, our website may also use cookies from companies with whom we cooperate for the purpose of advertising, analyzing, or improving the features of our website.
Please refer to the following information for details, in particular for the legal basis and purpose of such third-party collection and processing of data collected through cookies.
c) Disabling cookies
You can change and refuse the use of cookies by scrolling down to Cookie-Policy (5.1 Manage your consent settings).
Also you can refuse the use of cookies by changing the settings on your browser. Likewise, you can use the browser to delete cookies that have already been stored. However, the steps and measures required vary, depending on the browser you use. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your browser or contact its maker for support. Browser settings cannot prevent so-called flash cookies from being set. Instead, you will need to change the setting of your Flash player. The steps and measures required for this also depend on the Flash player you are using. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your Flash player or contact its maker for support.
If you prevent or restrict the installation of cookies, not all of the functions on our site may be fully usable.
Customer account/registration
If you create a customer account with us via our website, we will use the data you entered during registration (e.g. your name, your address, or your email address) exclusively for services leading up to your potential placement of an order or entering some other contractual relationship with us, to fulfill such orders or contracts, and to provide customer care (e.g. to provide you with an overview of your previous orders or to be able to offer you a wishlist function). We also store your IP address and the date and time of your registration. This data will not be transferred to third parties.
During the registration process, your consent will be obtained for this processing of your data, with reference made to this privacy policy. The data collected by us will be used exclusively to provide your customer account.
If you give your consent to this processing, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR is the legal basis for this processing.
If the opening of the customer account is also intended to lead to the initiation of a contractual relationship with us or to fulfill an existing contract with us, the legal basis for this processing is also Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
You may revoke your prior consent to the processing of your personal data at any time under Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR with future effect. All you have to do is inform us that you are revoking your consent.
The data previously collected will then be deleted as soon as processing is no longer necessary. However, we must observe any retention periods required under tax and commercial law.
Contact
If you contact us via email or the contact form, the data you provide will be used for the purpose of processing your request. We must have this data in order to process and answer your inquiry; otherwise we will not be able to answer it in full or at all.
The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
Your data will be deleted once we have fully answered your inquiry and there is no further legal obligation to store your data, such as if an order or contract resulted therefrom.
User posts, comments, and ratings
We offer you the opportunity to post questions, answers, opinions, and ratings on our website, hereinafter referred to jointly as “posts.” If you make use of this opportunity, we will process and publish your post, the date and time you submitted it, and any pseudonym you may have used.
The legal basis for this is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR. You may revoke your prior consent under Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR with future effect. All you have to do is inform us that you are revoking your consent.
In addition, we will also process your IP address and email address. The IP address is processed because we might have a legitimate interest in taking or supporting further action if your post infringes the rights of third parties and/or is otherwise unlawful.
In this case, the legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in any legal defense we may have to mount.
Social media links via graphics
We also integrate the following social media sites into our website. The integration takes place via a linked graphic of the respective site. The use of these graphics stored on our own servers prevents the automatic connection to the servers of these networks for their display. Only by clicking on the corresponding graphic will you be forwarded to the service of the respective social network.
Once you click, that network may record information about you and your visit to our site. It cannot be ruled out that such data will be processed in the United States.
Initially, this data includes such things as your IP address, the date and time of your visit, and the page visited. If you are logged into your user account on that network, however, the network operator might assign the information collected about your visit to our site to your personal account. If you interact by clicking Like, Share, etc., this information can be stored your personal user account and possibly posted on the respective network. To prevent this, you need to log out of your social media account before clicking on the graphic. The various social media networks also offer settings that you can configure accordingly.
The following social networks are integrated into our site by linked graphics:
Facebook
Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland, a subsidiary of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
EU-US Privacy Shield https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active
Google reCAPTCHA
Our website uses Google reCAPTCHA to check and prevent automated servers (“bots”) from accessing and interacting with our website. This is a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (hereinafter: Google).
Through certification according to the EU-US Privacy Shield
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Google guarantees that it will follow the EU’s data protection regulations when processing data in the United States.
This service allows Google to determine from which website your request has been sent and from which IP address the reCAPTCHA input box has been used. In addition to your IP address, Google may collect other information necessary to provide and guarantee this service.
The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the security of our website and in the prevention of unwanted, automated access in the form of spam or similar.
Google offers detailed information at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
concerning the general handling of your user data.
Google Fonts
Our website uses Google Fonts to display external fonts. This is a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (hereinafter: Google).
Through certification according to the EU-US Privacy Shield
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Google guarantees that it will follow the EU’s data protection regulations when processing data in the United States.
To enable the display of certain fonts on our website, a connection to the Google server in the USA is established whenever our website is accessed.
The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the optimization and economic operation of our site.
When you access our site, a connection to Google is established from which Google can identify the site from which your request has been sent and to which IP address the fonts are being transmitted for display.
Google offers detailed information at
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
https://policies.google.com/privacy
in particular on options for preventing the use of data.
YouTube
We use YouTube on our website. This is a video portal operated by YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA, hereinafter referred to as “YouTube”.
YouTube is a subsidiary of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, hereinafter referred to as “Google”.
Through certification according to the EU-US Privacy Shield
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Google and its subsidiary YouTube guarantee that they will follow the EU’s data protection regulations when processing data in the United States.
We use YouTube in its advanced privacy mode to show you videos. The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in improving the quality of our website. According to YouTube, the advanced privacy mode means that the data specified below will only be transmitted to the YouTube server if you actually start a video.
Without this mode, a connection to the YouTube server in the USA will be established as soon as you access any of our webpages on which a YouTube video is embedded.
This connection is required in order to be able to display the respective video on our website within your browser. YouTube will record and process at a minimum your IP address, the date and time the video was displayed, as well as the website you visited. In addition, a connection to the DoubleClick advertising network of Google is established.
If you are logged in to YouTube when you access our site, YouTube will assign the connection information to your YouTube account. To prevent this, you must either log out of YouTube before visiting our site or make the appropriate settings in your YouTube account.
For the purpose of functionality and analysis of usage behavior, YouTube permanently stores cookies on your device via your browser. If you do not agree to this processing, you have the option of preventing the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser. Further details can be found in the section about cookies above.
Further information about the collection and use of data as well as your rights and protection options in Google’s privacy policy found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Model Data Protection Statement for Anwaltskanzlei Weiß & Partner
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy was last updated on November 6, 2020 and applies to citizens of the European Economic Area.1. IntroductionOur website, https://wfhss.com (hereinafter: "the website") uses cookies and other related technologies (for convenience all technologies are referred to as "cookies"). Cookies are also placed by third parties we have engaged. In the document below we inform you about the use of cookies on our website.2. What are cookies?A cookie is a small simple file that is sent along with pages of this website and stored by your browser on the hard drive of your computer or another device. The information stored therein may be returned to our servers or to the servers of the relevant third parties during a subsequent visit.3. What are scripts?A script is a piece of program code that is used to make our website function properly and interactively. This code is executed on our server or on your device.4. What is a web beacon?A web beacon (or a pixel tag) is a small, invisible piece of text or image on a website that is used to monitor traffic on a website. In order to do this, various data about you is stored using web beacons.5. ConsentWhen you visit our website for the first time, we will show you a pop-up with an explanation about cookies. As soon as you click on "Save preferences", you consent to us using the categories of cookies and plug-ins you selected in the pop-up, as described in this Cookie Policy. You can disable the use of cookies via your browser, but please note that our website may no longer work properly.5.1 Manage your consent settings6. Cookies6.1 Technical or functional cookiesSome cookies ensure that certain parts of the website work properly and that your user preferences remain known. By placing functional cookies, we make it easier for you to visit our website. This way, you do not need to repeatedly enter the same information when visiting our website and, for example, the items remain in your shopping cart until you have paid. We may place these cookies without your consent.7. Placed cookiesGoogle Translate
We use Google Translate for locale management. Read more
Name
Retention
Function
Functional
googtrans
session
Store language settings
Sharing
This data is not shared with third parties.
Google Fonts
We use Google Fonts for display of webfonts. Read more
Name
Retention
Function
Marketing/Tracking
Google Fonts API
none
Request user IP address
Sharing
For more information, please read the Google Fonts Privacy Statement.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use Google reCAPTCHA for spam prevention. Read more
Name
Retention
Function
Marketing/Tracking
rc::c
session
Filter requests from bots
rc::b
session
Filter requests from bots
rc::a
persistent
Filter requests from bots
Sharing
For more information, please read the Google reCAPTCHA Privacy Statement.
YouTube
We use YouTube for video display. Read more
Name
Retention
Function
Marketing/Tracking
GPS
session
Store location data
Functional
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
6 months
Estimate bandwidth
Statistics
YSC
session
Store a unique user ID
PREF
1 year
Store and track visits across websites
Sharing
For more information, please read the YouTube Privacy Statement.
Miscellaneous
Name
Retention
Function
Purpose pending investigation
srs_unique_visitor
euCookie
acm_status
hesh_plugin_selection_state
cma_anon_uid
complianz_policy_id
365 days
cmplz_marketing
365 days
complianz_consent_status
365 days
wp-autosave-1
__utma
__utmc
__utmz
_wsm_ses_1_92bd
_wsm_id_1_92bd
Sharing
This data is not shared with third parties.
8. Your rights with respect to personal dataYou have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
You have the right to know why your personal data is needed, what will happen to it, and how long it will be retained for.
Right of access: You have the right to access your personal data that is known to us.
Right to rectification: you have the right to supplement, correct, have deleted or blocked your personal data whenever you wish.
If you give us your consent to process your data, you have the right to revoke that consent and to have your personal data deleted.
Right to transfer your data: you have the right to request all your personal data from the controller and transfer it in its entirety to another controller.
Right to object: you may object to the processing of your data. We comply with this, unless there are justified grounds for processing.
To exercise these rights, please contact us. Please refer to the contact details at the bottom of this Cookie Policy. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you, but you also have the right to submit a complaint to the supervisory authority (the Data Protection Authority).9. Enabling/disabling and deleting cookiesYou can use your internet browser to automatically or manually delete cookies. You can also specify that certain cookies may not be placed. Another option is to change the settings of your internet browser so that you receive a message each time a cookie is placed. For more information about these options, please refer to the instructions in the Help section of your browser.Please note that our website may not work properly if all cookies are disabled. If you do delete the cookies in your browser, they will be placed again after your consent when you visit our websites again.10. Contact detailsFor questions and/or comments about our Cookie Policy and this statement, please contact us by using the following contact details:WFHSS – World Federation for Hospital Sterilization Sciences c/o Graf und Partner AG
Hirschmattstrasse 36
Postfach 3065
CH-6002 Luzern
Switzerland
Website: https://wfhss.com
Email: office@wfhss.com
This Cookie Policy was synchronized with cookiedatabase.org on September 29, 2020
Language
Your Account
Login / Register
EC Section
Members Section
Search