https://wheelfunrentals.com/privacy-statement/
This Privacy Policy has been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving, and that underlying business models are still not established. Accordingly, this Privacy Policy is subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page. Please see the Effective Date stated at the conclusion of this Policy.Information CollectedWheelfunrentals.com automatically collects and/or tracks various information, including but not limited to, (1) the home server domain names, e-mail addresses, type of client computer, and type of web browser of visitors to Wheelfunrentals.com web site.; (2) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with Wheelfunrentals.com via e-mail; (3) Personal Information specifically provided by You in online forms, registration forms, surveys, and contests entries; and (4) user-specific information on what pages visitors access.CookiesThere is a technology called “cookies” which can be used to provide You with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to Your browser, which may then be stored on Your computer system. This element of data is a piece of text, not a program, and as such can not contain viruses or harmful programming code. The Site can only access the information from a cookie sent by the Site. We cannot access other cookies sent by other web sites or the information contained therein. Wheelfunrentals.com does place cookies on visitors’ computer systems. Wheelfunrentals.com uses cookies to track usage of the Site and further customize Your experience when You are visiting the Site. By tracking usage, We can best determine what features of the Site best serve You. When You revisit the Site, Wheelfunrentals.com will recognize You by the cookie and may tailor Your visit accordingly. You may decline the cookie by using the appropriate feature of Your web client software, if available; however, some functionality of the Site may not function properly if you decline the cookie.ConfidentialityWheelfunrentals.com will not sell, rent, swap, or otherwise disclose Your registration data or e-mail information to any unaffiliated third party. This portion of our Privacy Policy will never change. Wheelfunrentals.com reserves the right to use Your Personal Information to send You information about Wheelfunrentals.com, the Site, Wheelfunrentals.com products and services, and other topics or products, from Wheelfunrentals.com or others, in which You may have indicated interest.Personal Information collected by Wheelfunrentals.com either on a form or passively, will be used by Wheelfunrentals.com for general business purposes, including but not limited to, editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users’ behavior, for product development, for content improvement, to inform advertisers as to how many visitors have seen or clicked on their advertisements, and to customize content and layout of the Site.Use of Aggregated InformationWheelfunrentals.com reserves the right to disclose to third parties information about visitor usage of the Site and any related services, including information gathered during Your use of the Site. Any information disclosed will be in aggregate data form (such as overall patterns or demographic reports) that does not describe or identify any individual user.UpdatesThis Privacy Policy is effective as of April 1, 2007. Wheelfunrentals.com reserves the right to change or update this Policy, or any other Wheelfunrentals.com policy or practice, at any time with reasonable notice to users of the Site. Any changes or updates will be effective upon posting to the Site. Your continued use of the Site following our posting of a change notice will constitute binding acceptance of those changes. Wheel Fun Rentals – Central Office 4526 Telephone Rd. #202 – Ventura, CA 93003
Operated by