http://wilkinsrv.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
Menu
RV Search Search Contact Us Contact  Locations
HOME
SHOP ALL RVS
NEW RVS
PRE-OWNED RVS
SPECIALS
WE BUY USED
RENTALS
FINANCING
Apply for Financing
About Financing
Get Pre-Qualified
Mechanical Breakdown Coverage
Protect your RV
PARTS & SERVICE
RV Service
Service Coupons
Parts
Parts Coupons
Parts Catalog Savings
Parts Catalog
Shipping & Return Policy
COMPANY
Blog
Company
Employment
Fly & Drive
News/Events
Our Customers
RV Seminars
Tow Guides
Videos
Vision/Mission
Wilkin's Benefits
CONTACT US
Contact Us
Bath
Churchville
Syracuse
Victor
New or Used
New and Used
New Only
Used Only
RV Type
All Types
Car
Destination Trailer
Expandable
Fifth Wheel
Folding Pop-Up Camper
Motor Home Class A
Motor Home Class A - Diesel
Motor Home Class A - Diesel - Toy Hauler
Motor Home Class A - Toy Hauler
Motor Home Class B
Motor Home Class B - Diesel
Motor Home Class B+
Motor Home Class B+ - Diesel
Motor Home Class C
Motor Home Class C +
Motor Home Class C - Diesel
Motor Home Class C - Diesel - Toy Hauler
Motor Home Class C - Toy hauler
Motor Home Super C
Motor Home Super C - Diesel
Motorcycle
Other
Park Models
Park Trailer
Pontoon
Snowmobile
SUV
Teardrop Trailer
Toy Hauler Fifth Wheel
Toy Hauler Travel Trailer
Travel Trailer
Truck
Truck Camper
Features
All Floorplans
Bath and a Half
Bunk Over Cab
Bunkhouse
Front Bath
Front Bedroom
Front Cargo Deck
Front Entertainment
Front Kitchen
Front Living
Kitchen Island
Loft
Murphy Bed
Outdoor Entertainment
Outdoor Kitchen
Rear Bath
Rear Bedroom
Rear Entertainment
Rear Kitchen
Rear Living Area
Rear Twin
Side Ramp
Two Entry/Exit Doors
Two Full Baths
U Shaped Dinette
V-Nose
Walk-Thru Bath
Wheelchair Accessible
Location
All Locations
Bath, NY
Churchville, NY
Syracuse, NY
Victor, NY
Stock # or Model
Search
Advanced Search
Travel Trailers
Fifth Wheels
Toy Haulers
Destinations
Class A
Class B & C
Fold Downs
Auto/Other
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to our website and governs data collection and usage. By using our website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information
We may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name when you fill out a form on our website. We also use Google Analytics to gather additional personal or non-personal information. As a result, information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by us. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
We encourage you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from our website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of our website.
Use of Your Personal Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website(s) and deliver the services you have requested. We may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from us or our affiliates. We may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
We do not sell, rent or lease our customer lists to third parties. We may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to us, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within our website, in order to determine what services or products are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within our website to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
We will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company or the website; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of our company; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our website, or the public.
Use of Cookies
Our website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize our pages, or register with our website or services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as shipping addresses and so on. When you return to our website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use our features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our services or websites you visit.
We may also use cookies for Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Our company and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website. Users may opt-out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google Ad Preferences Manager.
Children Under Thirteen
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from us by contacting us.
Changes To This Statement
We will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Hours
SALES HOURS
BATH, CHURCHVILLE,SYRACUSE & VICTOR LOCATIONSMonday – Friday: 9AM-6PMSaturday: 9AM - 4PMSunday: Closed
SERVICE HOURS
Monday - Friday: 9AM - 5PMSaturday: 9AM - 2PMSunday: Closed
PARTS
Monday - Friday: 9AM - 5PMSaturday: 9AM - 2PMSunday: Closed
Interactive Tow Guide
Visit Us
Wilkins RV - Bath
7520 State Route 415Bath, New York 14810Get Driving Directions »
Wilkins RV - Churchville
111 S. Main St.Churchville, New York 14428Get Driving Directions »
Wilkins RV - Syracuse
8845 Brewerton RoadBrewerton, New York 13029Get Driving Directions »
Wilkins RV - Victor
7447 State Route 96Victor, New York 14564Get Driving Directions »
PROUD MEMBERS OF
HOME
SHOP ALL RVS
NEW RVS
PRE-OWNED RVS
SPECIALS
WE BUY USED
RENTALS
FINANCING
Apply for Financing
About Financing
Get Pre-Qualified
Mechanical Breakdown Coverage
Protect your RV
PARTS & SERVICE
RV Service
Service Coupons
Parts
Parts Coupons
Parts Catalog Savings
Parts Catalog
Shipping & Return Policy
COMPANY
Blog
Company
Employment
Fly & Drive
News/Events
Our Customers
RV Seminars
Tow Guides
Videos
Vision/Mission
Wilkin's Benefits
CONTACT US
Contact Us
Bath
Churchville
Syracuse
Victor
© 2020 Wilkins RV•
RV Dealer Website Design•
Privacy Policy•
Sold RVs