https://winair.ca/privacy-policy/
Home
Packages
Operator
Heliops
MRO
CAMO
Services
Process Consultation
Project Management
Data Migration
Training
Aircraft Template Services
Hosting
Integrations
Client Success
View All
About
Our Company
Our Team
Careers
Testimonials
Blog
News
Contact Us
Login
Request Demo
Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY – [February 1, 2019.]
BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITE, PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.
This Privacy Policy is applicable to AV-BASE Systems, Inc. dba WinAir (“Company,” “We,” “Us,” “Our,” “AV-BASE Systems, Inc.,” and “WinAir”) and sets out our policy on the gathering and use of information on this website. The company values your privacy and security and is dedicated to ensuring that your personal information is managed responsibly and in a fully transparent manner. We are committed to a voluntary Privacy Policy. The Company complies with Canadian Federal and Provincial privacy laws and regulations including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act and the Canadian Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL). The company also complies with other International regulations, including the European Union’s (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
There may be links from our website to other websites; note that this Privacy Policy applies only to our website and not to websites of other companies or organizations to which our website may be linked. You must check on any linked sites for the Privacy Policy that applies to that site and/or make any necessary inquiries in respect of that Privacy Policy with the operator of the linked site. These links to third party websites are provided as a convenience and are for informational purposes only. The company does not endorse and is not responsible for these linked websites.
Although you are not required to register to access our website, you may be asked to provide us with personal information when you visit certain website sections (ex. submitting a “Contact Us” form, downloading content, etc.). Your use of our website signifies your acknowledgment and consent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use our website. Your continued use of the website signifies your acceptance of these terms and any changes in effect at the time of use.
The privacy of our users is important to us. We are committed to informing you of how we use your personal information. If you are in a region affected by GDPR, we utilize the minimum information required to provide you with the relevant data that you are seeking.
We ensure that your personal information is kept in secure data storage to protect it from unauthorized access. We retain this information for as long as it is deemed necessary or relevant for the identified purposes or as required by law. If you require access to this information or want it removed, please contact our Compliance and Data Protection Officer.
We will not share your information with any third parties, unless we are legally obliged to do so (such as by court order or search warrant), or when you have authorized us to do so. In accordance with the CASL, we will not disclose your email address to any third parties, unless you have provided us with your express consent (ex. you have granted us permission to share your email address with a company prospect).
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information is information about you that identifies you as an individual, for example, your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and IP address.
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us when you access our website. We also gather information that you voluntarily provide when you complete a company “Contact Us” form to inquire about our product, services, to request information, or to send us information.
HOW DOES THE COMPANY USE INFORMATION GATHERED ABOUT ONLINE VISITORS?
Before forwarding us any personal information, please be advised that any information gathered on our website may be used in the aggregate for research and development relating to our website, product, marketing materials, and/or services. We may also use this information to contact you.
MARKETING, PROMOTIONAL, AND INFORMATIONAL OFFERS
With the permission of an online visitor, information provided when submitting a contact request form may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by the Company provided notice of this fact is made available online. If a visitor objects to such use for any reason, he/she may prevent that use by e-mail request. The company uses reasonable efforts to maintain visitors’ information in a secure environment. If you have submitted personal information and want to change it or opt-out, please contact our Compliance and Data Protection Officer.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
The Company will not disclose personal information that you provide on our website to any third parties other than to a company agent except; i) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, or, ii) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, warrant, subpoena or court order, or, iii) if you are reporting an adverse event/side effect, in which case the company may be required to disclose such information to bodies such as, but not limited to, Canadian and/or international regulatory authorities.
Please note that any of these disclosures may involve the storage or processing of personal information outside of Canada and may, therefore, be subject to different privacy laws than those applicable in Canada, including laws that require the disclosure of personal information to governmental authorities under circumstances that are different than those that apply in Canada.
Because we do not have control over the means of transmission of your personal data, we cannot guarantee that the information that you disclose will be kept private. Although we have security features in place to protect your privacy, we cannot take any responsibility for your use of the Internet to send confidential information.
COOKIES
As is the case with many website operators, WinAir uses a standard technology called “cookies” on our website. Cookies are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer when you visit a particular website. You can disable cookies by turning them off in your browser; however, some areas of the website may not function properly if you do so.
For those in the GDPR zone, this information is collected for the legitimate interest of allowing us to determine the website content that is of the highest value to our aggregate audience. We use Google Analytics on our sites for anonymous reporting of site usage, for market analysis and marketing purposes, and to deliver the best possible user experience to our website visitors. If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics monitoring your website behaviour on our website, please visit this link.
EMAILS
At WinAir, we adhere to CASL, GDPR, and other standards and regulations. As a result, we ensure that we have the right to contact you via email prior to sending commercial electronic messages. We provide our users with simple unsubscribe mechanisms in all of our email communications. When website visitors submit a contact form, they are made aware of our Privacy Policy and are informed that by sending this form, they are consenting to receive future email communications from WinAir. As stated in the aforementioned, at any time visitors have the option to opt out of all email communications from the company.
Forward to a Friend Tool
WinAir’s forward to a friend tool is a service that we provide to our website visitors, so that they can help spread the word about WinAir. It is not used to collect email addresses or to subscribe anyone to any lists.
When an email is forwarded to a friend, we do not store your email address or your friend’s email address and no one is added to any list.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION:
Our Commitment to Security:
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. The company applies security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, such as retaining information in secure facilities and making personal information accessible only to authorized employees on a need-to-know basis.
Storage of Information:
Personal information you share with us is stored on our database servers at company data centers or hosted by third parties who have entered into agreements with us that require them to observe our Privacy Policy.
Policy Change:
If we alter our Privacy Policy, any changes will be posted on this page of our website so that you are always informed of the information we collect about you, how we use it, and the circumstances under which we may disclose it.
Acceptance of Our Privacy Policy:
By using this website or any other company website or interactive banner ads, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, and you adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the website. By submitting your information, you agree that it will be governed by our Privacy Policy.
Cookies are required on our website in order to provide you with the best possible user experience and for marketing purposes. We respect and value your privacy. If you are not comfortable with us using this information, please read our privacy policy before continuing your visit.AgreePrivacy policy