https://windowbubble.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
About Dilworth Manufacturing
Testimonials
Products
Product Information and Overview
About Plexiglas® Window Well Covers
Window Bubbles® for Masonry and Wood Window Wells
Window Bubbles® for Metal Window Wells
Egress Window Well Covers
Custom & Specialty Window Well Covers
FAQ
Price Quote
Measuring Instructions
Measuring Instructions Overview
Measuring for Masonry or Wood Window Wells
Measuring for Metal Window Wells
News
Window Bubble Press Releases
Articles & Resources
Request Information
Call Us: 1-888-624-8699
Help@WindowBubble.com
To Search, type and hit enter
Home
About
About Dilworth Manufacturing
Testimonials
Products
Product Information and Overview
About Plexiglas® Window Well Covers
Window Bubbles® for Masonry and Wood Window Wells
Window Bubbles® for Metal Window Wells
Egress Window Well Covers
Custom & Specialty Window Well Covers
FAQ
Price Quote
Measuring Instructions
Measuring Instructions Overview
Measuring for Masonry or Wood Window Wells
Measuring for Metal Window Wells
News
Window Bubble Press Releases
Articles & Resources
Request Information
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Our website address is: https://windowbubble.com. You can find more information about us on our About page.
WindowBubble.com is committed to protecting your privacy, and that includes protecting the privacy of any data you share with us. This policy sets out what data we collect, what we do with your data, when and how we store your data, and what you can do if you have questions or wish to exercise rights you have with respect to your data.
This Statement of Privacy applies to the WindowBubble.com website and governs data collection and usage. By using the WindowBubble.com website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Collection of your Personal Information
WindowBubble.com collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. WindowBubble.com also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
WindowBubble.com encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from WindowBubble.com so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. WindowBubble.com is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the WindowBubble.com website.
Use of your Personal Information
WindowBubble.com collects and uses your personal information to operate the WindowBubble.com website and deliver the services you have requested. WindowBubble.com also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from WindowBubble.com and its affiliates. WindowBubble.com may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
WindowBubble.com does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. WindowBubble.com may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, WindowBubble.com may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to WindowBubble.com and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
WindowBubble.com does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
WindowBubble.com keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within WindowBubble.com, in order to determine what WindowBubble.com services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within WindowBubble.com to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
WindowBubble.com websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on WindowBubble.com or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property WindowBubble.com and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of WindowBubble.com or the public.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
While we keep form submissions for customer service purposes they are never used for marketing purposes or shared with third parties.
If you contact us we will collect the email address you nominate and any other identifying information you provide, such as a name or phone number.
Please do not give us other personal or sensitive information.
Email Data Processing
We use Mailchimp and vCita to process our email database. You can find links to their Privacy Policies below.
MailChimp Privacy Policy
vCita Privacy Policy
vCita and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
Google Analytics can collect and analyze information on usage behavior anonymously. This information is collected by Google Analytics, which processes it for the purpose of preparing reports on the websites themselves. This site does not use (and does not allow third parties to use) the Google analysis tool to monitor or collect personal identification information. Google does not associate the IP address with any other data held by Google nor does it attempt to link an IP address with the identity of a user. Google may also communicate this information to third parties where required by law or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
For more information, please refer to the link below:
https://www.google.it/policies/privacy/partners/
The user can selectively disable the action of Google Analytics by installing on his browser the opt-out component provided by Google. To disable the action of Google Analytics, please refer to the link below:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google’s Privacy Policy– external site and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google– external site.
Who we share your data with
We don’t share your data with third-parties in a way as to reveal any of your personal information such as email, name, etc.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contact information
Phone: +1 888-624-8699
Email: help@windowbubble.com
Mailing address:
Dilworth Manufacturing Company
P.O. Box 158
Honey Brook, PA 19344-0158
Additional information
How we protect your data
We protect customer data with the following site features:
This website uses SSL/HTTPS throughout. This encrypts our user communications with the servers so personal identifiable information is never captured by third parties without authorization.
Databases are sanitized (actual user personal details are removed) before deploying to development or testing environment.
This website has an active security plugin with a firewall.
Security
Keeping your information secure is of great concern to us. We exercise care in facilitating the transmission of information between your device or computer and our server.
While we have mechanisms in place to safeguard your personal information after we receive it, no transmission of data over the internet can be 100% secure.
What data breach procedures we have in place
In case of a data breach, System administrators will immediately go through affected users and will attempt to reset passwords if needed after informing the user.
What third parties we receive data from
In some special cases, we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
Google Analytics cookies – these are set for monitoring and tracking visitors behavior on the site.
WordPress logged-in cookies – these are used by WordPress to authenticate logged-in visitors, password authentication and user verification.
Wordfence cookies – these are used by WordFence for the security of this site. For more information, click here.
Changes to this Statement
WindowBubble.com will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. WindowBubble.com encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how WindowBubble.com is protecting your information.
Recent News
Time to Complete Your Winter ChecklistOctober 28, 2020Protect Your Basement Egress Window with a Window Bubble®August 31, 202010 Creative Ways to Decorate Your Window WellJune 30, 2020
Contact Information
Phone: 1-888-624-8699
Fax: 1-877-859-7226
Email: Click to email
Dilworth Manufacturing Company
P.O. Box 158
Honey Brook, PA 19344-0158
The Window Bubble
6051 Division Hwy
Narvon, PA 17555
(888) 624-8699
We Make the Impossible Possible!
© Copyright 2014 Dilworth Manufacturing Company. All Right Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Admin
See Why We're #1 - Experience the Quality! Request your Free Plexiglas Sample Chip   Get Sample Chip
CookiesThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. PRIVACY POLICYAccept