https://wings-seminars.com/wings-seminars-privacy-policy/
541-683-8540 | wings@wings-seminars.com
Search for:
Wings Seminars
Professional Seminars
WellBeing: Be Free
WorkLife Success
Women with Wings Leadership Seminar
Equity and Agility
Authentic Leader
InSight Self Mastery
InSight Master Practitioner Certification Training
Structure of Presence Facilitator Training Seminar
Personal Seminars
WellBeing: Be Free
Advanced Seminars
CrossOver: Get real
LifeWorks: Live inspired
Grace and Gratitude
Integrate – Profound Self Acceptance
Listening Heart – For Couples
Namaste – Spirituality
Team Building & Leadership
WellBeing for Team Building & Leadership
Advanced Authentic Leader
Structure of Authentic Leadership
Women with Wings Leadership Seminar
Corporate Consulting & Onsite Training
Keynote & Event Scheduling
Teen Leadership
True Colors
Advanced True Colors
Thrive
Seminar Calendar
Online Seminars
Foundations of WellBeing
CrossOver Intensive
Essential Practices of Equity and Agility
Grace and Gratitude
Fundamentals of WorkLife Success
NEST Group
Calling the Circle – Women’s Retreat
Seminar Calendar
Resources
Free Online Offerings
NEST Group
Be in Community: join our weekly Zoom calls!
Get Involved
Assist Teams
Wings Leadership Internship Program
Our 2019 Volunteers
A Day in a Seminar
Paying for Seminars
Lodging and Travel: Medford
Lodging and Travel: Portland
Scholarships
Special Events
Client List
Seminar Music
Resources We Love
Tips and Articles
Books We Love
Movies We Love
Links We Love
Shop
Donate
Donate to Wings
Bev Foster CrossOver Scholarship Fund
About Us
Contact Us
Get our e-newsletter
Watch Wings videos
Our vision
Our facilitators
Our Work in the World
News & Press Releases
What People Say
Be part of the Wings story!
Wings in the World
Grad Success
Calendar
Wings Seminars Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Wings Seminars, a program of La Clinica, uses and protects information that you give Wings Seminars.
Wings Seminars is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Wings Seminars may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from Sept. 8, 2017.
What we collect
We may collect the following:
Name and job affiliation
Contact information including email address
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with this information
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
We may use the information to improve our services.
We may periodically send information which we think you may find interesting.
We may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We will never sell your information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer’s hard drive. The cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website. Cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.
Quick Links Seminar calendar
Graduate Success Stories
SEMINAR LOCATIONS Portland, Oregon
Eugene, Oregon
Southern Oregon
Other Areas
CONTACT US 541-683-8540
Email Us
FacebookLinkedinPinterestTwitterRedditemailQUICKLINKS Home
Professional Development
Personal Growth & Well-Being
Calendar
Resources
Get Involved
Donate
About Us
Shop
© 2020 Wings Seminars | Seminars in Portland, Eugene, Southern Oregon and Other Areas | Privacy Policy
Back to Top