https://wirewerks.com/en/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Wirewerks Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is applicable worldwide for Wirewerks’ Web-Site(s) (“Sites”) and explains how we collect, process and store personal information (information and data that can be used to identify an individual) of our Site’s users. Wirewerks is committed to protecting any personal information that you may provide to us or that we collect during your visit of our Site (“Personal Data”).
Use of site
In general, you can visit this Site without telling us who you are or revealing Personal Data, except for your IP address. During your Site visit, we collect certain information, including but not limited to domain and host names, number of Site users, pages viewed, areas of interest of users and viewing patterns. This information allows us to better determine user needs and interests in order to drive improvements to Site content and functionality and to enhance the overall customer service experience. In case we collect your IP-Address or respective Personal Data during your visit, please see “Cookies” for more details.
Collection, processing and use of personal data/consent
We will inform you before we collect Personal Data from you and will make reasonable efforts to let you know at the time of collection how this Data will be processed and used. We will process or use your Personal Data if this is permitted by law or if you have declared your express consent. We collect process and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary for the following purposes:
Site Registration
Request for Information Regarding Product/Service
Site Features and Updates
Product/Service Enhancements and Information
Live Chat Support
Customer Service Support
Careers
Support
Sample Requests
Sales Transaction Support
Customize Account Preferences – Marketing Purposes
Usually, the Personal Data you provide voluntarily will only be used to respond to an inquiry you make or to process your request, e.g. to fulfill a legal obligation or a quasi-legal obligation with you. Personal Data collected from you may include your name, address, telephone, fax number, title/position, and company, mailing address or e-mail address, among other information. You may refuse any request for Personal Data. However, if you choose not to provide certain Personal Data, you may not be able to take advantage of certain Wirewerks programs and Site features.
In some cases it is necessary to ask for your express consent for legalization of the data processing and use. In particular we ask during the registration process for your consent to collect, use and process your Personal Data for marketing and advertising purposes, i.e. to contact you by post or mail in order to inform you about our products and services, offers and news. Furthermore, we ask for your consent into the transfer of your Personal Data to Wirewerks in Canada and United States and to any Wirewerks subsidiary or affiliate worldwide, or to third parties acting on our behalf for the purposes of processing and storage your data. You have always the possibility to revoke your consent. In this case you may not be able to take advantage of certain Wirewerks’ services and Site features.
Exchange of personal data
Your Personal Data may be shared within Wirewerks or any of our subsidiaries for purposes of data processing and storage. This includes the transfer of your Personal Data to Wirewerks in Canada and the United States and to any Wirewerks subsidiary or affiliate worldwide, or to third parties acting on our behalf for the purposes of processing and storage upon your express consent.
We may also share your Personal Data with our business partners, but only to the extent necessary to fulfill your request (process order, shipment of products/samples, etc.).
We will provide you with a list of the recipients of your Personal Data upon request, as described below under “Contacting us”. We require all third parties, including our subsidiaries, to adequately safeguard your Personal Data and not use it for any other purpose not authorized by us. We do not sell or lease Personal Data about you to any third-parties for their marketing use. We will release your Personal Data if you direct us to do so, if we are required by law to do so (to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process or to defend our legal rights), or in other limited circumstances permitted by the law (including fraud protection and risk reduction and business sale/transfer).
Cookies
We may use automatic data collection tools, including cookies and embedded web links, to obtain information when your web browser accesses the Site. These tools allow us to recognize your computer and your customized preferences when you visit and use our Site. The tools gather data including but not limited to browser type, Internet Protocol address, and click stream patterns (pages viewed and links clicked).
If you do not wish to permit these automatic data collection tools, refer to the “Help” file on your web browser to learn how to block the tools or to receive a warning before a tool is stored. If you choose not to accept cookies, you can still visit our Site, however this may result in a reduced availability of certain Wirewerks’ programs and Site features.
Marketing Purposes
If you have declared your express consent, we may use your Personal Data to contact you in order to provide you with information about our products, services, offers and news that may be of interest to you.
Links to other sites
Wirewerks Site may contain links to other sites. While we make reasonable efforts to try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy statements posted on all sites you use/access.
Children’s Privacy
This Site is not intended for persons under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our products or services to children. If we learn we have collected Personal Data regarding a child under the age of 18, we will remove that Data.
Security of collected personal data
Wirewerks maintains strict physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized or inappropriate access, accidental or intentional manipulation, loss and destruction. Our security procedures are continually enhanced. We restrict access to your Personal Data to those workers who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request. Workers who misuse personal information are subject to disciplinary action. However, the security of the internet cannot be guaranteed.
Accessing, changing, storing your personal data and opt out rights
You may review and update the Personal Data that you provide to Wirewerks through this Site or request to have your Data amended, blocked or removed by contacting us as described below. If you request removal of your Personal Data, you understand and agree that residual information may continue to reside in Wirewerks’ records and archives as far as permitted by law (e.g. for accounting purposes). However, we agree not to use such Personal Data for business purposes.
You may opt out of the collection and processing of your Personal Data at any time by contacting us as described below. You may also withdraw your consent and “unsubscribe” to any online contact from us at any time by following the instructions set forth on the email message or by contacting us as described below.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy and the Site Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Quebec without giving effect to its conflict of law’s provisions. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the Province of Québec for the resolution of all disputes and claims and causes of action related to or arising from the Privacy Policy, Terms and/or your use of the Site.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, would like to Opt-Out or withdraw your consent, etc., please use the “Contact Us” page. Wirewerks welcomes your questions and suggestions about this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this policy
Please check this Privacy Policy periodically to inform yourself of any changes. Although we reserve the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice to you on this Site of any major changes for at least 30 days following the change. Changes to the Privacy Policy are effective at the time they are posted to this Site. Your continued use of this Site after posting will constitute your acceptance and agreement to be bound by such changes.
Products and Systems
Discover Our Industry-Leading
Systems and Components