http://wireropeexchange.com/privacy
Subscribe
Buy
Sell
Need
Directory
Partners
News
Magazine
About Us
Resources
Events
Contact
Log In
Privacy Policy
Wire Rope Exchange takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What This Policy Covers
This policy covers how Wire Rope Exchange treats personal information that Wire Rope Exchange collects and receives. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Wire Rope Exchange does not own or control, or to people that Wire Rope Exchange does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
Wire Rope Exchange collects personal information when you register with Wire Rope Exchange.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, company, address, ZIP/postal code, and phone number. When you register with Wire Rope Exchange and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Wire Rope Exchange collects information about your transactions with us.
Wire Rope Exchange automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Wire Rope Exchange cookie information, and the page you request.
Wire Rope Exchange may set and access Wire Rope Exchange cookies on your computer.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Wire Rope Exchange does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except under the following circumstances:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Wire Rope Exchange's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
Account Information and Preferences
You can edit your Wire Rope Exchange Account Information, at any time.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Wire Rope Exchange service, such as announcements and administrative messages, that are considered part of your Wire Rope Exchange account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
You can cancel your Wire Rope Exchange account, at any time.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Wire Rope Exchange may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Wire Rope Exchange account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us at:
Wire Rope ExchangeP.O. Box 159323Nashville, TN 37215