http://wireropeexchange.com/terms
Subscribe
Buy
Sell
Need
Directory
Partners
News
Magazine
About Us
Resources
Events
Contact
Log In
Terms of Use
Wire Rope Exchange provides its service to you subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice. You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time at: http://wireropeexchange.com/terms/. In addition, when using Wire Rope Exchange owned or operated services, you and Wire Rope Exchange shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services.
Description Of Service
Wire Rope Exchange provides its members with access to a marketplace, which may be accessed through any various medium or device now known or hereafter developed (the "Service"). You understand and agree that the Service may include certain communications from Wire Rope Exchange, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the Wire Rope Exchange newsletter, and that these communications are considered part of Wire Rope Exchange membership and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them. You also understand and agree that the Service is provided "AS-IS" and that Wire Rope Exchange assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings.
Your Registration Obligations
In consideration of your use of the Service, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. You also agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form (the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Wire Rope Exchange has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Wire Rope Exchange has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof).
Wire Rope Exchange Privacy Policy
Registration Data and certain other information about you is subject to our Privacy Policy. For more information, see our full privacy policy at http://wireropeexchange.com/privacy/.
Member Account, Password And Security
You will set a password and account designation upon completing the Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify Wire Rope Exchange of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Wire Rope Exchange cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply.
Member Conduct
You understand that all information, data, text, photographs, graphics, messages, tags, or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. This means that you, and not Wire Rope Exchange, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. Wire Rope Exchange does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will Wire Rope Exchange be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service.
You agree to not use the Service to:
upload, post or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Wire Rope Exchange official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
upload, post or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships
upload, post or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;
collect or store personal data about other users in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities set forth in paragraphs above.
You acknowledge that Wire Rope Exchange may or may not pre-screen Content, but that Wire Rope Exchange and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or remove any Content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, Wire Rope Exchange and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by Wire Rope Exchange or submitted to Wire Rope Exchange, including without limitation information in all other parts of the Service.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Wire Rope Exchange may access, preserve and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the TOS; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Wire Rope Exchange, its users and the public.