https://wisconsinwoodlands.org/privacy-policy/
Wisconsin Woodland Owners AssociationCreating Tomorrow's Woodlands Today
Home
Events
News
WWOA News
Updates from the Board
Government Affairs
Positions Available
Condolences
About Us
WWOA Board of Directors
President’s Message
Purpose and Bylaws
2020-25 Strategic Plan
Annual Report
Positions Available
Committees
Chapter Resources
Gift Shop
FAQ
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Chapters
Get Involved
WWOA Woodland Mentor Program
Our Volunteers
Volunteer Opportunities
Volunteer Interest Form
Contact Volunteer Coordinator
Member Profiles
What We Do
Wisconsin Woodlands Magazine
News From Wisconsin’s Woods
Forestry Leader Scholarship
WWOA Woodland Mentor Program
Gift Shop
Annual Meeting
Women of WWOA
Resources, Publications, & Links
Legacy
Welcome
Get Started
Request Assistance
Legacy Families
Grow Your Family Legacy
Passing on Your Land
Join / Donate
Join Us
Renew Membership
Donate & Invest
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Wisconsin Woodland Owners Association
Privacy Statement
Wisconsin Woodland Owners Association is dedicated to preserving your privacy and security while viewing our website. We strive to retrieve the minimum amount of information from our visitors that is necessary in order to provide various services and resources. This Privacy Statement outlines practices and procedures affecting visitors of our site. WWOA reserves the right to revise these policies and the corresponding information on this page at any time without prior notice. Personal information may be required by law or in order for us to provide a requested service, however we do not capture personal information without visitors’ permission.
Visitor Information Collection and Disclosure
For every visitor to our site, there are several common pieces of information that we collect and store in logs. Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, the date and time of the visit, and the addresses to which a visitor linked during a visit to our website are all recorded. We cannot and do not associate any of this information with individual persons, distribute this information, or use it in any manner other than for statistical analysis in improving our site to better serve our visitors, or as may be required by law.
Use of Cookies
We do not use cookies to record any personal information.
Links to Other Websites
The WWOA website may be linked from or to other websites. WWOA does not endorse, ensure the accuracy of, or vouch for the safety and privacy of any linked site, nor does WWOA assume the responsibility for the content of these sites.
Intellectual Property
The content of this website is copyrighted, and contains some third party images/graphics that are used with permission. Users are notified, therefore, that one should presume the need to obtain permission from the copyright holder before reproducing or otherwise using images/graphics from this website.
Unauthorized Access
Unauthorized attempts to modify any information stored on this system, to defeat or circumvent security features, or to utilize this system for other that its intended purposes are prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution.
WWOA Policy regarding Membership Lists
Background
Many people and organizations are interested in mailing lists for everything from advertising products to providing educational opportunities. WWOA’s membership (or mailing) list is uniquely restricted to people interested in forestry and forest land ownership. It therefore represents a narrowly focused refined list for certain interest groups.
Policy
The executive director is the keeper of the list and is responsible for seeing that it is not misused. The executive director is encouraged to provide the list free of charge to non-profit organizations (universities, extension offices, other government organizations, etc. for educational purposes). This is to include such things as fliers for seminars, announcements of forums or discussions of forestry interests, proposed legislative actions, etc. The executive director is restricted from providing the list for commercial purposes without prior approval from the executive committee or the entire board of directors if possible. The board of directors or executive committee may consider each commercial use of the list on its own merits, and may require the payment of fees to the organization if they feel it is in the organization’s best interests to receive the proposed mailing. Whenever the list is released, a restrictive statement should accompany the list. This statement, or covenant, shall prevent the recipient of the list from selling, reselling, or giving the list to any other person or organization. If the intent of the organization requesting the mailing list seems appropriate, but the requester is unwilling to guarantee the security of the list, the executive director may request that the proposed mailing materials be sent directly to the WWOA office. Upon receipt of the materials, complete with postage, the director can affix the mailing labels of the organization. This will provide the membership with potentially valuable materials and at the same time keep the list secure.
Phone: 715-346-4798
Email: wwoa@uwsp.edu
Wisconsin Woodland Owners Association
PO Box 285
Stevens Point, WI
54481
Return to top of pagecopyright © 2020 · Log in