https://wnba-books.org/privacy-policy/
Join
Join a WNBA Chapter or Renew
Network Membership
Benefits
Events
The Bookwoman
Bookwoman Book Club
The Bookwoman Blog
Writing Guidelines
Submissions and Pitches
Bookwoman Newsletter Archives
Great Group Reads
2020 Great Group Reads Selections
2020 Great Group Reads Selection Committee
Great Group Reads 2019 List
Great Group Reads
National Reading Group Month
Programs
WNBA Writing Contest
WNBA Authentic Voices Program
WNBA Award
WNBA Eastman Grant
WNBA Pannell Award for Bookstores
Second Century Prize
Members
Members Only
Submit Your Member News
Member Blogs
Member Books
Member Services
Sustaining Memberships
About
Leadership
Shop
United Nations Affiliation
Literacy Partnerships
WNBA History
Centennial
WNBA Archives
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Donate
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Women’s National Book Association (WNBA) is committed to protecting the privacy of those who use its website http://www.wnba-books.org and subscribe to its email marketing.
Information Security – Website Harvesting Policy
This website will not give, sell, or otherwise transfer addresses maintained by it to any other party for the purposes of initiating, or enabling others to initiate, electronic mail messages.  Women’s National Book Association prohibits the harvesting, data mining, web scraping, and data extraction of e-mail addresses, physical addresses, names or other information from the organization’s websites or directories. Women’s National Book Association does not permit or authorize others to use this website or other managed websites to collect, compile or obtain any information about its members, including but not limited to member e-mail addresses or any other personal information. This policy gives notice that violators will be prosecuted under the CAN_SPAM Act of 2003.
Website Browsing Information
WNBA does not collect any personally identifying information from users browsing our website. Aggregate demographic data such as pages views and unique visitors is collected and used only for internal and marketing purposes. WNBA does not sell or rent any website visitor or member information.
Personal Identity Information
For contributions or donations, we will ask you to provide minimal personally identifiable information via a secure SSL third party service. Visitors may sign up to receive regular communications from WNBA with minimal personal information. WNBA does not rent membership lists from any other organization or company, nor does it sell or rent its membership lists or visitor lists or any such information.
Personal information in e-mails sent to WNBA members and board will be used to answer questions, address problems or complaints, or otherwise improve service. With any electronic communication, interception by unauthorized third parties is possible, so you may wish to transmit particularly confidential or sensitive information by regular mail.
Member Communications
To gain access to members-only resources on our website, wnba-books.org, you must be a WNBA member in good standing. For e-mails sent to our members or registered visitors through our listservs and electronic newsletters, we will collect specific information regarding what the recipient does with that e-mail, such as whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message. WNBA only uses this information to enhance its communications and it is not sold, rented, or distributed in any other manner. WNBA will never sell, rent, distribute, or trade your email address or phone number to any third party.
Security
WNBA has appropriate procedures in place to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Payment information for donations uses a third-party system that provides Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) security. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Because most e-mail is not encrypted, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail.
Unsubscribing from Electronic Communications
All messages sent by WNBA through its listservs and email marketing and other e-lists include information on how to unsubscribe quickly and easily through an automated system. If, at any time, you wish to opt-out of receiving communications from us, you may also send a written request to WNBA. If you wish to unsubscribe or need a change to your e-mail address, send your requested changes to info@wnba-books.org.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Policy Revisions
WNBA reserves the right to modify or amend this privacy statement at any time. Your continued use of this website will constitute your acceptance of those changes. If you have any questions about this privacy statement or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us by e-mail at info@wnba-books.org or call 866-610-WNBA (9622).
Your use of this website signifies your assent to our privacy policy. If you do not agree to our privacy policy, please do not use this website.
Showcase Your Book
Women in the Literary LandscapeKarmafornia, by NC WeilJust Show Up, by Dottie JoslynMarielle in Paris, by Maxine Rose SchurThe Disharmony of Silence, by Linda RosenThe Talking Drum, by Lisa BraxtonRemote, by DJ LeeWhite Blackmail, by L.IyengarDads for Daughters, by Michelle TravisMindfulness and Meditation, by Whitney StewartMarried Women Who Love Women, by Carren StrockResurrecting Rain, by Patricia AverbachA New Orleans Author in Mark Twains Court, by Miki PfefferSan Francisco Values, by Geri Spieler and Rick KaplowitzLove, Sometimes, by Barbara Rose BrookerIn the Company of Patriots, by Virginia BrackettFinding James, by Nancy BlahaWings of a Firebird, by Concha Delgado Gaitan, PhDExtreme, by Joan GelfandChoosing Life, by Leslie A. SussanI Call Myself Earth Girl, by Jan Krause GreeneJourneys with Fortune, by Elizabeth BodienBetrayal on the Bayou, by Sheryl J. Bize-BoutteHeart on the Page, by Wendy Brown-BaezNowhere Near Goodbye, by Barbara ConreyGhosts of the Missing, by Kathleen DonohoeTwo Murders Too Many, by Bluette MattheyCora\'s Crystal Stair, by Rita Roberts-TurnerLizzy Baby, by Sarah P. Blanchard
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+Reset font size
Keyboard navigation
Readable Font
Colors
Choose color
black
white
green
blue
red
orange
yellow
navi
Underline links
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Images Greyscale
Remove Animations
Close