https://wolseleyindustrial.ca/terms-and-conditions-of-use/
About Us
Overview
Health and Safety
Quality Assurance
Product Support
Products
Pipe, Fittings and Flanges
Valve Manufacturers
Field Services
Shop & Field Services
Plant Maintenance
Contact Us
Resources
Literature Library
Supply Solutions
Supply Chain Management Solutions
Media
COVID-19 Update — For your safety and the safety of our employees, we are taking all the necessary precautions and closely monitoring the COVID-19 situation from public health authorities
Learn More
WOLSELEY INDUSTRIAL CANADA WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
COPYRIGHT AND USE LICENSE
Welcome to the corporate website for Wolseley Industrial Canada Inc. (“Wolseley Canada”). This website and its contents are the exclusive property of Wolseley Canada and its affiliates.
Please note that your use of this website constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these terms and conditions of use. Although you may “bookmark” a particular portion of this site and thereby bypass this page, your use of this website still binds you to these terms and conditions of use. Wolseley Canada reserves the right to update or modify these terms and conditions of use at any time without prior notice. Your continued use of this website following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these terms and conditions of use, as amended. For this reason, we encourage you to review these terms and conditions of use whenever you use this website.
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, photos, logos, button icons, images, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Wolseley Canada or its licensors or other content suppliers and protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. You may not modify, copy, duplicate, print, archive, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, modify, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information, material, products or services from this website without the prior written consent of Wolseley Canada. Subject to the foregoing, you may view and print the content of this website for use which is strictly private, personal and non-commercial.
As a condition of your use of this website, you represent and warrant to Wolseley Canada that you will not use this website for any purpose that is unlawful, immoral or prohibited by these terms and conditions of use or for any purpose which might prejudice Wolseley Canada, its divisions, business units, subsidiaries and affiliates. If you do not agree and accept without modification these terms and conditions of use, do not use this website. Other than the agreement created by these terms and conditions of use and any agreement between you and Wolseley Canada relating to the sale of products or services, Wolseley Canada will not enter into any agreement with you or otherwise be obligated to you through your use of this website and no attempt to create such an agreement or obligation will be effective.
TRADEMARKS
The trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos (collectively, the “Trademarks”) used and displayed on this website are the registered and unregistered trademarks and the exclusive property of Wolseley Canada and/or their affiliates or others and are protected under applicable law.  Nothing on this website or in these terms and conditions of use should be construed or interpreted as granting or creating, by implication or otherwise, any license to use or duplicate any Trademark without the prior written consent of Wolseley Canada or the applicable Trademark owner.
The name “Wolseley”, the Wolseley word mark and logo or other formatives or derivatives thereof may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to the distribution of materials on this website without the prior written consent of Wolseley Canada.  The use of the Wolseley logo as part of a link to or from any site is prohibited unless the establishment of such a link is approved in advance by Wolseley Canada in writing.  Other products or entity names mentioned in this website may be the Trademarks of their respective owners.
COOKIES AND ELECTRONIC DATA
Wolseley Canada may collect certain data for general statistical information each time this website is visited.  This information is collected through the server web logs and may consist of dates and times of visits to this website; the IP addresses of visitors to this website; the operating system and browser version of the computers of visitors to our website.  This data is not used individually to identify users of this website, but is used to analyze system performance, usage, peak usage and usage trends.  This website may employ the use of identifying technologies such as “cookies”, beacons, tags and scripts, which your computer receives when you visit certain websites.  Cookies are small data files (text) that are transferred from a standard web server to a user’s browser and contain information that can be read by a web server for record-keeping purposes.  The use of cookies is a standard practice on the Internet and can improve the service that a website provides.  The information stored in cookies is not used to personally identify an individual and does not contain “personal” information or data.  Cookies may be rejected if a user’s browser is set to reject or deny cookies; if a user has a third-party program installed that interferes or prevents cookies (i.e., certain firewalls, anti-virus or anti-spyware programs) or notifies the user whenever a cookie is sent to the user’s computer.  Cookies sent by Wolseley Canada that are rejected may limit access to this website or this website may no longer function as intended or be accessible to the user.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
This website may contain links or references to websites, products or services owned, operated or offered by third parties other than Wolseley Canada or its affiliates (“Third Party Sites”), including, but not limited to certain of its suppliers, all of which are provided for your reference only.  Wolseley Canada does not control the Third Party Sites, is not responsible for the content or conformity with applicable laws of Third Party Sites and expressly disclaims all responsibility and liability in relation to the information contained in Third Party Sites.  The inclusion of links to Third Party Sites on this website does not imply any endorsement or approval by Wolseley Canada of the content or materials on Third Party Sites or the products or services that may be offered on Third Party Sites nor does such inclusion, unless expressly disclosed otherwise, imply: (i) any sponsorship, affiliation, partnership or association of Wolseley Canada with the owner or operator of Third Party Site; or (ii) any authorization of Wolseley Canada to use any copyright, trademark, logo, trade name or other legally protected material that may appear in the Third Party Sites.
NO WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Wolseley Canada does not make any representation about the suitability of products which may appear on this site.  This site is provided on an “as is” basis without warranty of any kind, express or implied.  To the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, Wolseley Canada specifically disclaims all warranties and conditions of any kind with respect to this website and/or the products which appear on it or which are otherwise available for sale by Wolseley Canada, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.  Wolseley Canada is not responsible for liable for any errors or omissions in the contents of this website, for your action or inaction in connection with this website or for any damage to your computer or data or any other damage you may incur in connection with the use of this website.  Wolseley Canada does not provide any representation, warranty, guarantee or other assurance as to the operation, quality or functionality of this website and access to this website may be interrupted, restricted or delayed at any time and for any reason.  Your use of this website is at your own risk.  In no event shall Wolseley Canada, its affiliates or agents be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, liquidated or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of this website, the materials or products on this website, the delay or inability to use this website or otherwise arising in connection with this website, whether based on contact, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if Wolseley Canada has been advised of the possibility of any such damages.
SOCIAL MEDIA
Wolseley Canada’s use of social media serves as an extension of its presence on the Internet. Social media account(s) are public and are not hosted on Wolseley Canada servers. Users who choose to interact with Wolseley Canada via social media should read the terms of service and privacy policies of such third-party service providers and those of any applications you use to access them. Personal information that you provide to Wolseley Canada via social media account(s) is collected in accordance with our privacy policy and applicable laws and may also be subject to the privacy policies of third parties and the laws of jurisdictions other than Canada. This information may include that collected to capture conversations (e.g. questions and answers, comments, “likes”, re-tweets) between you and Wolseley Canada and may be used to respond to inquiries or for statistical, evaluation and reporting purposes. Any comments which are posted that violate applicable laws will be deleted and may be disclosed to law enforcement authorities. Any comments which are posted that violate our rules or Code of Conduct will also be deleted.
GOVERNING LAW; LEGAL NOTICES
This website, the information herein, the use of this website and these terms and conditions of use are governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein.  You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts, tribunals, agencies and other dispute resolution organizations in Toronto, Ontario, Canada in all disputes arising out of, relating to or otherwise concerning this website and/or these terms and conditions of use.  This website is intended to be made available for residents of Canada only.  Any use of this website in contravention of these terms and conditions or applicable laws is at your own risk and if any part of these terms and conditions of use is invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable laws, the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed to be severed from these terms and conditions of use without affecting the remainder hereof or superseded by a valid and enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision.  Any claim, dispute or controversy arising out of, relating to or concerning this website and/or these terms and conditions of use shall be decided by binding arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Act, 1991 (Ontario) and any such arbitration proceedings shall be brought and held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The decisions of the arbitrators shall be binding and conclusive upon all parties involved and judgment upon any award of the arbitrators may be entered by any court having competent jurisdiction. This provision shall be specifically enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. You agree that Wolseley Canada may at any time and without notice change the terms, conditions, and notices under which this website is offered. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and Wolseley Canada as a result of this agreement or your use of this website. The performance of these terms and conditions of use by Wolseley Canada is subject to existing laws and legal process and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of the rights of Wolseley Canada to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of this website or information provided to or gathered by Wolseley Canada with respect to such use.  These terms and conditions of use, the Wolseley Canada privacy policy available at www.wolseleyinc.ca/privacy-policy, and terms and conditions of sale available at www.wolseleyinc.ca/industrial-terms-and-conditions-sale or which may otherwise be presented to you in connection with a transaction with Wolseley Canada constitute the entire agreement between you and Wolseley Canada with respect to this website. These terms and conditions of use supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and Wolseley Canada with respect to this website.
Copyright © 2018 Wolseley Canada Inc. All rights reserved.
Wolseley Canada and the Wolseley family of trademarks and logos are registered trademarks of Wolseley Canada Inc. or used under license from Ferguson plc or its affiliates.