https://woodnut.com/shop/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyWN Staff2019-09-28T10:03:41-07:00
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist your business, consumers and the general public in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us, and to help you make informed decisions when using our website and all of our related services therein.
Contact Information
To request a correction or deletion of your private information, or if you have any questions and general comments about this privacy policy, please contact us:
sales@woodnut.com
Surface mailing address:
California Walnut Designs
12681 Wolf Rd
Grass Valley, CA 95949
530-268-0203
What information do we collect?
When visiting the our web site, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you voluntarily choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis, and Web site use information gathered on a collective basis as you and others browse our Web site.
Registration Information
You may provide us information about yourself, your firm or company, and your practices when you register to be a user of our services and products or register for certain services and products.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. If you use our “Email this page” feature to send a copy of that page to someone else, your email address will appear as the sender of the email. Both your email address and the recipient’s email address will not be used for any other purpose.
How do we use the information that you provide to us?
Generally, we use personal information for purposes of managing and expanding our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
How do we use information we collect from cookies? As you visit our Web site, the site uses its cookies to differentiate you from other customers. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or requiring you to log in more than is necessary for security.
Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server’s log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
Sharing information with third parties
We do not share your information with any third parties.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Secure Information Transmissions
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. Some of the information you may enter on our Website may be transmitted securely via Secure Sockets Layer SSL, 128 bit encryption services. Pages utilizing this technology will have URLs that start with HTTPS instead of HTTP.
Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns:
sales@woodnut.com
California Walnut Designs
12681 Wolf Rd
Grass Valley, CA 95949
530-268-0203
How can you access and correct your information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by contact us, see the above contact information.
What about other web sites linked to our Web site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. At any time you may request to view any and all changes and updates, via surface mail.
Notification of Changes
The Privacy Policy is subject to periodic review and change. In order to view the current Privacy Policy, simply check this section of the website. If we materially change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate, so users are aware of what information we collect, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. In some cases where we post a notice, we may also email user who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.