http://woosterhydrostatics.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us…
We have created and will add new features in the future to the Wooster Hydrostatics website. If you wish to use these features, you may be asked to share certain information with us. We respect your right to privacy and want you to know why we may ask for information and what happens to it after it is collected.
When you visit our website, a cookie is stored on your computer that allows us to show display ads to you when you visit other websites.
When you send an email to Wooster Hydrostatics via forms on our website…
We are collecting only the data you share with us in completing the form and do not share your data with any third party. Your email is routed immediately to the person responsible for answering inquiries from the website. We use reasonable precautions to keep the personal information you disclose to us secure.
General Privacy…
From time to time, you may find links on our site to outside parties’ sites. We cannot control their privacy policies and can only recommend that if privacy is of concern to you that you seek out and read their privacy statements prior to disclosing any personal information while visiting these sites.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Compliance
We do not sell any information collected through our website.
Find GENUINE REPLACEMENT PARTS for CATERPILLAR, JOHN DEERE, CASE (CHN) & VOLVO Heavy Equipment & Machinery HERE »
Free Quote
Due to manufacturer restrictions, we are unable to repair pumps for zero turn mowers or any lawn mowers.
Your Name*CompanyLocationUnited StatesAfricaAsiaAustraliaEuropeNorth America (outside U.S.)South AmericaEmail*Mailing List
Yes
Yes, please add me to your mailing list.How Can We Help You?Please provide unit numbers.Verification*
Verify
Please check the box in order to submit the quote request form.
Due to manufacturer restrictions, we are unable to repair pumps for zero turn mowers or any lawn mowers.
Go to Top