https://workersrehab.com/privacy-policy/
(800) 557-8585 | (407) 677-8585 | (407) 677-7602 Fax
Referrals@WorkersRehab.com
PRIVACY POLICY
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
By using www.WorkersRehab.com, you are consenting to this Privacy Policy.
WORKERS REHABILITATION, INC.™ may revise and update this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued usage of the www.WorkersRehab.com website (“Site”) will mean you accept those changes.
WORKERS REHABILITATION, INC.™ is committed to protecting your privacy online.  This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we collect through this website at www.WorkersRehab.com (the “Site”), and how we collect that information.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card and other personal information.
Registration Data and Privacy
In order to access some of the services on this site, you may be required to use an account and password that can be obtained by completing our online registration form, which requests certain information and data (“Registration Data”), and maintaining and updating your Registration Data as required. By registering, you agree that all information provided in the Registration Data is true and accurate and that you will maintain and update this information as required in order to keep it current, complete, and accurate.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in any of the following ways:
To personalize your experience;
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website;
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service;
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions;
To process referrals;
To send periodic emails;
The email address you provide for order processing or any other reason may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
Protecting your information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Our payment gateway and processor offers the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into the payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Exceptions to Privacy Policy
While we are committed to keeping your information secure and private, we have the following exceptions to our Privacy Policy: We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order. We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the sites, or a physical or property threat to you or others. We may also transfer user information, including personally identifiable information, in connection with a business merger, consolidation, the sale of related assets or business division or other fundamental business change. Further, the information you enter when making a purchase will be shared with payment processors, financial gateways, and your credit card company to authorize credit card payments. Such information may also be shared with necessary third parties solely for the purpose or carrying out the transactions. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Please note that if you give out personal information online through a discussion board or posting site, that information can be collected and used by third parties. Although we strive to protect our users’ privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of information you post in these forums. You disclose such information at your own risk.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website or we may link to a third party’s website for informational purposes. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We may use cookies to help us understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You have the choice to accept or decline cookies.  Most web browsers automatically accept the use of cookies, but you may modify your browser settings to decline the use of cookies.  However, declining the use of cookies may prevent users from logging in correctly, when applicable, and may decrease the functionality of the site on the user’s computer.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent except as noted above.  At this time we do not respond to DNT (Do Not Track) signals.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act).  We do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.  We recommend that anyone under 18 years of age participate and use our website, products or services only with parental permission and supervision.
We do not intend to collect any personal information from children under the age of 18.  If a parent or guardian of a child who has provided us with such personal information would like the information deleted from our records, he or she should contact us at the email address listed at the bottom of this policy statement.  We will then delete the child’s personal information from our files.
If we become aware that personally identifiable information regarding a child under the age of 13 has been collected at the Site, we will use such information for the sole purpose of contacting a parent or guardian of the child to obtain verifiable parental consent.  If we cannot obtain consent after a reasonable time, or if when contacted a parent or guardian requests that we do not use or maintain such information, we will make reasonable efforts to delete it from our records.  Upon request by a parent of guardian, WORKERS REHABILITATION, INC.™ will provide a description of the specific types of personal information collected from a child who is under the age of 13.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us using the information below.
Email: lori@workersrehab.com
Website Form: https://workersrehab.com/contact-us/
This Privacy Policy was last modified February 15, 2017.