http://worldoffshorebanks.com/privacypolicy.html
Privacy Policy and Cookies
Your privacy is very important to us at World Offshore Banks. We never sell or give away your personal information to third parties.
Cookies
Some
of the advertisers on our website may use technology such as cookies
when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers
information including your IP address, your ISP and the
browser you used
to visit our site.
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party
cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs
such as Norton Internet Security. Please note however, this may affect the ability to interact with our
website as well as other sites.
We also use analytics from our partners (e.g. Google
Analytics) to help us analyze the usage
and traffic for the services we
provide.
Collection of Information
Information You Submit To The Website Voluntarily
When
you leave a comment, or subscribe to our mailing list, we may
collect personal information from you that you voluntarily submitted,
such as your email address or name or both.
Information Collected By Us From Others
We may also obtain information about you from other sources, for
example, we may collect information about you from third-parties,
including, but not limited to social media websites like Twitter,
Facebook and Instagram as well as otherpublicly available sources.
Information Automatically Collected
When you visit our website we automatically collect information about
you, including the device you used to access the Website (Mobile
devices, tablet or desktop computer), your IP address, type of operating
system, browser type, referral website, pages you visited as well as
the dates/times when you visited the Website.
Ways Your Information May Be Used
1. To operate, maintain and improve the Website.
2. To send you promotional correspondence including
newsletters. Information on how to opt-out of future mailings will also
be provided in each promotional email.
3. To send communications such as administrative and confirmation emails, updates on policies, or security alerts.
4. To respond to your comments or inquiries.
5. To track and analyze advertising on the Website.
When You Subscribe
We collect information from you via MailMaunch and MailChimp when you subscribe to our mail list.
When subscribing you are asked to enter your: name or e-mail address or both.
We use this information to send you emails about upcoming event, offers and latest updates. You can OPT out at any time from out list via both MailMaunch and MailChimp.
Children Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We neither collect nor maintain information from individuals we know are under the age of 18. No part of our website is structured to attract individuals under 18.
External Web Sites
Worldoffshorebanks.com contain links to other/external web sites. We are however not responsible for the privacy practices of those web sites. We therefore encourage our visitors to read the privacy statements of each external web site they vistor.
Affiliate Disclosure
We are also
a participant in
the CJ Affiliate (Commission Junction)
program, which allows us to earn a fee via their affiliate links.
Opt-Out
You can use the opt-out feature at the bottom of emails sent to
you if you no longer want to receive emails from us. You can also send
and email using our contact form here.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy.