https://writedirection.com/privacy-policy/
This is the website of The Write Direction, based in Boulder, CO 80304. You may reach us via e-mail at debra@writedirection.com.
We understand that privacy online is important to users of this website, especially when conducting business. We want to make it easy for you to understand what information we collect from you, what we do with it, and how you can request access to this information.
What information do we collect?
We collect the first/last name and e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail and/or information volunteered by you such as survey information; site registrations or signing up during a live workshop or presentation; requesting a How-To Report via the opt-in box on the website, and name & address info for those who request a quote, or other information online.
How do we use the information?
The information collected is used to:
1. Notify you about updates to our website (such as the latest blog post, newsletter, an upcoming event, etc.)
2. Contact
you for marketing purposes
3. Inform you about promotions and/or to fulfill your requests for information.
The information is NOT shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
You may opt out of receiving information from us at any time. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of emails you receive, sending an e-mail, or writing to us at the above address.
The Write Direction does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may collect information from you indirectly through third-party services, as follows:
Third party processors such our web host, email service provider.
Third party apps and services that allow us to complete an order.
Third party apps and services that allow us to monitor website traffic, email conversion, and other analytics data.
Your Privacy Controls
We use third-party services on our websites to assist in communicating or interacting with visitors such as social media services, widgets, apps, pixels, and plugins, as further identified below. These services may distinguish or trace your identity through, for example, multi-session cookies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
You can configure your system to delete cookies or disable them. In general, we do not collect or disseminate information collected by these services. When interacting with these third parties, they have separate and independent privacy policies that apply. For instance, at the time of this writing, we use:
1. Aweber – More information regarding their privacy policy is privacy policy is posted here.
2. PayPal – More information regarding their privacy policy is posted here.
If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from The Write Direction with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know via e-mail or snail mail. The respective addresses are mentioned above.
The Write Direction has not made the postal addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting.
Should this change in the future and you do not want us to share your postal address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by providing us with your exact name and address (via e-mail or snail mail). We will be sure your name is removed from the list should we share it with other organizations.
This online privacy policy applies to information collected through our website and information collected offline. By using this website, you consent to our website’s privacy policy. If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information posted above.
Categories
Blogging
Branding
Copywriting
Customer service
Direct marketing
E-mail marketing
Facebook
Fundraising
Graphic Design
Inspiration
Lead generation
LinkedIn
Marketing
Networking
Newsletters
Pinterest
Prospecting
QR Codes
SEO
Social media
Social media marketing
Testimonials
Twitter
Videos
Web marketing
Working from home
YouTube
x
Search
Top
Search
303-443-1942
debra@writedirection.com