https://wsro.org/privacy-policy/
Who we are
World Sugar Research Organisation (WSRO) is an international not for profit organisation that focuses on the science of sugar(s).
The activities of the WSRO ultimately support and contribute to global understanding of sugar(s) in the context of health and diet.
Mission – WSRO supports research addressing knowledge gaps, and provides perspective on the body of evidence on sugar and health to members and public stakeholders.
Vision – WSRO is a globally recognised and trusted resource on the science of sugar, providing evidence based and relevant scientific information, analysis and perspective to members and stakeholders on sugar’s role in health and nutrition.
We adhere to a set of Operating Principles to ensure integrity and transparency in our activities.
Purpose
This policy explains WSRO’s approach to the personal information we handle in fulfilling our mission and vision.
WSRO also hold a separate Privacy Policy for Members which can be found in the WSRO Members Zone, under Members Benefit/Members Information.
Our commitment
WSRO is fully committed to handling personal information in accordance with data protection legislation and best data protection practices (GDPR). This means that your personal information will be:
Processed lawfully, fairly, and in a transparent manner.
Collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes.
Only collected so far as required for our lawful purposes.
As accurate and up to date as possible.
Retained for a reasonable period of time, in accordance with retention policies.
Processed in a manner which ensures an appropriate level of security.
Whether through this notice or otherwise, we hope to ensure that everyone has a good understanding of why WSRO processes personal information and, where we do, the rights they have.
Cookies and IP addresses
WSRO may collect information about the computer or device which is used to access www.wsro.org. We use this information to improve the user experience, and to help us better understand the ways in which our website is used.
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites.
We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience providing you with the correct details in our members area. We also use Google Analytics which uses Cookies to track your page visits.
You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.
General
WSRO is not responsible for the content or the privacy polices of websites to which it may provide links.
Changes to our privacy policy
WSRO keeps this notice under regular review and will place any updates on our website. Paper copies of the privacy statement may also be obtained by emailing admin@wsro.org or you can write, using the address: World Sugar Research Organisaton, Milton Hall, Ely Road, Milton, Cambridge CB24 6WZ.
This privacy statement was last updated in June 2020.
Contact information and further advice
If you have any questions or concerns about how your data is processed you can contact our Operations Manager admin@wsro.org or you can write, using the address: World Sugar Research Organisation, Milton Hall, Ely Road, Cambridge, CB24 6WZ, UK
Complaints
While WSRO seeks to resolve directly all complaints about how we handle personal information, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office.
To download this Privacy Policy, click here
This site uses functional cookies and external scripts to improve your experience.AcceptDeclinePrivacy policy
You can revoke your consent any time using the Revoke consent button.Revoke cookies