https://wstyler.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The website www.wstyler.com (the "Site") is owned and maintained by Haver Tyler, Inc. and/or its affiliates' and subsidiaries' (collectively "W.S. TYLER® we or us"). We developed this Privacy Policy to explain our privacy practices for the Site. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing the Site, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site. Each time you use the Site, the current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. When you use the Site you should check the date of this Privacy Policy (which appears at the top) and review any changes since the last version.
Information Collection
You may use the Site without disclosing any personally identifiable information. Certain features on the Site may request personally identifiable data from you ("Personal Information"), which may include your name, email address, company name, address, fax or telephone number. In addition, when you use the Site, our servers automatically receive and record certain information regarding your use, including the browser you use, your IP address, the pages you view, operating systems, referring and destination pages, and other similar information (collectively with Personal Information the "Information").
Gathering and Sharing of Information, Links to External Websites
We are the sole owner of the Information we collect through the Site, and we may share the Information we collect through the Site as allowed by law. We may share the Information with third parties who provide certain services on our behalf, including but not limited to website hosting, database administration, mailing and marketing services, transaction processing, statistical analysis and technical support. We also may disclose or use Information when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure or use is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, to detect fraud, security or technical issues, to protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of W.S. Tyler, users of the Site or the public, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. We reserve the right to retain the Information for as long as necessary to permit us to use such Information for the purposes set forth herein and to comply with applicable law or regulations. Our Site may contain links to external Internet sites operated by third parties. When you click on links that take you to such external sites, you will be subject to its privacy policies. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies solely to Information collected by W.S. Tyler. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites, uses of the information collected by other websites, or the content of those other websites. The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of such external site or the products and services offered at such site.
Security Information
W.S. Tyler uses standard security measures to protect Information submitted on the Site. We cannot guarantee, however, that our measures will not prevent a third party from circumventing such measures and unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or where an error may occur in the administration of the Site. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. W.S. Tyler is not responsible for unauthorized access to Information by hackers or others who have obtained such access through illegal means and you agree that your use of the Site is at your own risk.
Cookies
Our Site may use cookies, which is a small file containing a string of characters that stores user preferences and tracks user trends. The Site may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. If you choose to receive emails from us, we may use unique identifiers in our email messages. We use such usage-related information to help administer the Site, analyze user information, track users' movement through the Site, and gather information to improve the Site, our products and our services. However, if a user rejects the cookie, he or she may still use our Site.
Children's Online Privacy
No part of the Site is directed to persons under 18, and W.S. Tyler does not knowingly collect or maintain Information from the Site from persons user 18 years of age. Please do not use or access the Site at any time or in any manner if you are under 18 years of age. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that Personal Information of persons under 13 years of age has been collected on the Site without verified parental consent, we will take commercially reasonable measures to delete such Personal Information.
International Use
The Site is hosted in the United States and is intended for and directed to users in the United States. If you access the Website from the European Union, Asia or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use and disclosure that differ from the United Sates' laws, please be advised that through your use of the Site, which is governed by United States law, this Privacy Policy and our Website Terms of Use, you are transferring Information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
At any time you may request to correct your Personal Information or request that W.S. Tyler delete your Personal Information and no longer contact you either by email, telephone, or regular mail. To make any request described above, send an email to wstyler@wstyler.com. When contacting us, please be sure to provide us with your exact email address, name, address, and/or telephone number(s) in order to be sure we handle your request correctly. You should be aware that removal of your Personal Information from our database may not ensure permanent removal of such information from our Site. For example, your personal information may remain in archival or backup copies of our Site.
No portion of this website may be reproduced, copied or revised without written permission. If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please email us at wstyler@wstyler.com.
Continue
Continue
×
Download
Please fill out the form below to download our document.
Name
Email
Company
Download