https://wtrs.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
RENAL PERFUSION
RM3 Dual Perfusion
WAVES® Transportable Perfusion
PRESERVATION SOLUTION
Celsior® (Heart)
Cold Storage Solution (Abdominal)
Pulsatile Perfusion Solution (Kidney)
BLOOD OXIMETER
Oxicom® 2100 (O2 sat)
Oxicom® 3000 (a-vO2)
Learn about us
Contact us
Fill a return merchandise form
Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of our visitors to our website, the home page of which is located at www.wtrs.com. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any personal information you submit to us through our website. “Personal Information” is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and other information that is not otherwise publicly available. We will not disclose this information to any third party unless specifically authorized by you. We also collect information in connection with applications for employment. The collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, transfer, use, deletion, and other processing of Personal Data are governed nationally, internationally, and regionally by data protection laws and regulations, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation.By providing us with your information, you consent to our using it for the purposes stated and to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.You also agree that Waters Medical Systems LLC is free to use the content of any such communications (excluding any resume you submit to us), including any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques, or know-how disclosed therein, for any purpose including developing, manufacturing, and/or marketing goods or services. However, Waters Medical Systems LLC will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) you grant us permission to do so; (b) we first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of a site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law.We do not sell your Personal Information or share your information with other companies or organizations without your consent. The content of any communications you send to us is non-confidential, and we are under no obligation to refrain from reproducing, publishing, or otherwise using such content in any way or for any purpose; however, we will not reproduce, publish, or otherwise use your Personal Information in connection with such content. We may, however, reproduce or use your Personal Information in connection with any resume you submit to us for employment recruiting purposes. We will not, disclose any medical information you submit to us, such as your medical history, mental or physical condition, or treatment, without first obtaining a valid authorization from you.As a resource to users, our Web site contains links to other sites that may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not necessarily apply to those sites. We do not assume responsibility for the content of those sites.Our Web site may, on occasion, use a technology called ‘cookies’. A cookie is a token that a server gives to your browser when you access a Web site. Cookies are capable of storing many types of data and help provide additional functionality to the site or to help us analyze site usage more accurately. In all cases in which cookies are used, we will not collect personally identifiable information except with your explicit permission.In every email we send, we provide instructions regarding how to opt-out of receiving future mailings. You may also opt-out of receiving future mailings by visiting our website.By using this Web site you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy as stated at the time you use this site. If we change or update this Privacy Policy in the future, the changes will be posted on this Web site so that you can always know what personal information we collect and how we use it. Any future access to this Web site subsequent to the posting of such changes will be deemed to be your acceptance of this Privacy Policy as amended. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us:Waters Medical Systems LLC2112 15th Street NorthwestRochester, Minnesota 55901, United States(507) 288 7777contact@wtrs.com
Terms of Use
Waters Medical Systems LLC maintains this website as a service to the internet community. Access to and use of information presented on the Waters Medical Systems LLC website is subject to the following terms and conditions, which may be revised at any time by Waters Medical Systems LLC. By using the website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained in this notice, and any subsequent modifications Waters Medical Systems LLC may make from time to time.The Waters Medical Systems LLC website is designed to provide a general overview of Waters Medical Systems LLC and its products to a wide variety of audiences. The information contained in these pages is not intended to provide medical advice or instruction on the appropriate use of Waters Medical Systems LLC products.The information contained in this website is not intended to and should not be used in making any decision relating to an investment in securities of Waters Medical Systems LLC.All materials posted on the Waters Medical Systems LLC website are current as of the date posted. Waters Medical Systems LLC expressly disclaims any duty to update such information. ALL INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Waters Medical Systems LLC shall not be liable to you for any action that you take based on the information on this website. Waters Medical Systems LLC, and its agents, officers, directors, employees, affiliates, successors and assigns shall not be liable to you for any direct, special, incidental, consequential, punitive or indirect damages arising from or relating to your access to, use of, or accuracy of the information on or linked to this website.Any communication or information transmitted to Waters Medical Systems LLC via the Waters Medical Systems LLC website is not confidential, and the sender agrees that Waters Medical Systems LLC may use such communication or material for any purpose whatsoever, including reproduction, publication and posting, or as specifically stated in the Privacy Policy on this website.It is the policy of Waters Medical Systems LLC to enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent permitted under law. All product names, regardless of whether or not they appear in large print or with the trademark symbol, are trademarks of Waters Medical Systems LLC, unless otherwise noted. The entire content of the Waters Medical Systems LLC website, including any images or text, is copyrighted and may not be distributed, downloaded, modified, reused, reposted or otherwise used except as provided herein without the express written permission of Waters Medical Systems LLC. The use or misuse of these trademarks, copyrights, or other materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of copyright law, trademark law, communications regulations and statutes, and other laws, statutes and/or regulations.This website is operated by Waters Medical Systems LLC from its offices in Rochester, Minnesota, USA. The law of the state of Minnesota shall govern these terms and conditions, without reference to its choice of law rules. Waters Medical Systems LLC makes no representation that the information in the website is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the Waters Medical Systems LLC website from territories where the content of the Waters Medical Systems LLC website may be illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the Waters Medical Systems LLC website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.   Updated: April 27, 2020
Twitter
Linkedin
© 2020 All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
contact@wtrs.com | (507) 288 7777
By progressing beyond this screen, you accept to use cookies when you enter this website, these cookies may be for statistical purposes, for improving our site and its performance.Ok