http://www.ifhp.com/privacy-policy/
Member Sign In
Apply To Join
Why join us
Who we are
About The iFHP
Member List
Conferences & Events
Conferences
Expert Panels
Leadership Development
Insights
Contact
Member Sign-In
Apply to join
International Federation of Health Plans Privacy Policy
International Federation of Health Plans (iFHP) is the trading name of International Federation of Health Funds.This privacy policy will explain how we use the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we use Cookies?
How do we store your data?
Marketing
What are your data protection rights?
Privacy policies of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
What data do we collect?
iFHP collects the following data:
Personal identification information (Name, company name, email address, phone number, etc.)
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide iFHP with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our contact forms or via email.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies
iFHP may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:
Other Federation members
Trade shows or other events, either provided directly by you or by the event organisers under the terms of any contract we may have with them.
How will we use your data?
iFHP collects your data so that we can:
Process your order or request and carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
Provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about, or we feel may be of interest to you.
Respond to any enquiries you may make of iFHP.
Manage your account or membership of iFHP.
Email you with information or special offers on products, services or events we think you might like.
Notify you about changes to our service;
Ensure that content from our website is presented in the best way for you and for your computer.
Administer our site and for internal operations, including fixing issues, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
How do we use Cookies?
The iFHP website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookies policy.For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we store your data?
The iFHP securely stores your data on our server (hosting iFHP Database) which is physically located in a dedicated datacentre in Coventry, UK.The iFHP Microsoft 365 tenancy (email and SharePoint files) are located in UK data centres (Durham, London & Cardiff) but specific locations are not necessarily given.Service Data at RestExchange United KingdomSharePoint United KingdomSkype for Business United KingdomMicrosoft Teams United Kingdom
Occasionally your information may be stored outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Marketing
iFHP may on occasion wish to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like.If you have agreed to receive marketing, you have the right at any time to stop iFHP from contacting you for marketing purposes.To opt out, or if you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes you can email us at admin@ifhp.com.
What are your data protection rights?
iFHP would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:The right to access – You have the right to ask iFHP for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.The right to rectification – You have the right to request that iFHP corrects any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask iFHP to complete the information you believe is incomplete.The right to erasure – You have the right to request that iFHP erases your personal data, under certain conditions.The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that iFHP restricts the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to iFHP’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.The right to data portability – You have the right to request that iFHP transfers the data that we have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at admin@ifhp.com.
Privacy policies of other websites
The iFHP website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policyOur Company keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 1 September, 2020.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about iFHP’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.Email us at: admin@ifhp.comCall us: +44 20 3585 5230Or write to us at: 83 Victoria Street, London SW1H 0HW, United Kingdom
The iFHP website uses cookies to help give you the best experience on our site. You can find more information about the cookies we use and what we use them for here, where you will also find information about how to change your cookie settings at any time. Otherwise by continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of cookies.