http://www.mpilabels.com/privacy-policy
330-938-2134
info@mpilabels.com
Contact Us
Privacy Policy / Usage
Our Commitment to PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this Privacy Policy, which explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.How We Use Your InformationWe do not share any information you provide about yourself with outside parties. We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. We may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and share with our advertising agencies. For example, we may tell an advertising agency that “x” number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to personally identify those individuals. If you choose to give us personal information, we may store some or all of that personal information and use it for marketing research and marketing purposes, which may include sharing it with various suppliers that provide marketing, research, or other services for us.We will never sell your personal information to any other company.In the event of a criminal investigation or a suspected illegal activity, we may be requested by law enforcement agencies to share certain personal information.Finally, we never use or share personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.A Word On “Cookies”“Cookies” are small items of data that some websites either write to your hard drive upon your visit to their site(s) or store in the browser. These data files contain information the site can use to organize the pages you have visited on a particular website. We may use “cookie” technology to measure site activity and tailor information to fit your personal interests. In this way, we can deliver tailor-made information suiting your personal interests upon your next visit to our site. Our use of “cookies” technology is, thus, to provide you with a more individualized delivery of information and an optimal viewing experience.Our Commitment to Children’s PrivacyProtecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please e-mail us at info@mpilabels.com.LEGAL | USAGEInitial NoticeThank you for visiting the MPI Label Systems website. Please read carefully the following legal agreement before using this website. By using this website, you signify your assent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please disconnect from and do not use this website.Reservation Of RightsAll rights and interests in and to this website are owned by MPI Label Systems.
have questions or looking for a free quote?
Speak To A Labeling Expert
Contact us now
free quote