https://www.t-pren.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
General
Matthew Hebden Ltd operates the T-Pren website.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Ways that we collect your data
You are able to access our website without having to submit any personal data. Should you wish for further information on our products and services and would like to receive this personally by phone, e-mail or a visit, we will request the following personal data:
Contact details: name, e-mail address and phone number
Name of organisation
Other data that you intentionally and voluntarily share with us in free text
How we use your personal data
We will use your personal data for one or more of the following actions:
Contact you to discuss your requirements and questions; using e-mail, phone or in person
Send you requested detailed information on our products and services
Provide you with a formal quotation for purchase of our products
Complete our contractual obligations to you, such as executing a purchase order
We may also use your personal data to:
Send you updates on our products and services
Improve our products, services and website based on your feedback
We will only store your personal data where necessary to answer your specific requests or fulfil contractual obligations following your requests.
Information integrity
Matthew Hebden Ltd strives to keep your personal data correct and up-to-date. We will make reasonable efforts to have your personal data available for you to view, for making corrections or additions.
Controlling your personal data
You are in control of your personal data; at any time you can exercise the following rights:
To view your data
To change your data
To be forgotten – removal of all your personal data
To data portability – transfer your personal data elsewhere
To be informed, e.g. through this privacy statement
Please contact (sales@matthewhebden.co.uk) to exercise any of the above rights. We will strive to meet your request within 30 working days.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Our data is stored on servers in the UK. Regular back-ups are made, safeguarded and kept in the UK.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites and we encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.
Transfer of Personal Data
Matthew Hebden will not sell, transfer, trade or lease your personal data to third parties. We do not disclose any information you provide via the site to any third parties unless you give us permission to do so.
Web Statistics
Cookies are small pieces of information that are saved by your browser onto the hard disk of your computer so that certain information about how you use a website can be recorded.
This site does not use cookies.
Your IP address is automatically collected and may be used to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate information, and to administer and improve this site.
We use log files generated by our web servers to analyse site usage and statistics, but the files do not identify any personal information. Log file analysis helps us to understand usage patterns on our website and to make improvements to our service.
Changes to the privacy policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. We advise you to review this page periodically for changes. Any changes made are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
This Privacy Policy was last updated 2nd January 2019.
Contact Us
Contact us directly using the following details, or use the enquiry form below.
Roger SmithE-Mail: sales@t-pren.comAddress: 54 Blacka Moor Road, Sheffield S17 3GJTel : +44 (0) 114 236 8122
Email
Name
Company
Email Address
Telephone
Comments / Questions
recaptcha
Stockists
England & Wales
Matthew Hebden
54 Blacka Moor Road,SheffieldS17 3GJ
Tel. +44 (0) 114 236 8122
British Lead Mills (For Lead)
Peartree Lane,Welwyn Garden City,Herts.AL7 3UB
Tel. +44 (0) 1707 324595Fax. +44 (0) 1707 328941
Scotland
Dunedin Builders Merchants
Units 14-18,Dunedin Street,EdinburghEH7 4JG
Tel.+44 (0) 131 5572345Fax.+44 (0) 131 5572341