https://www.customerparadigm.com/amazon-personalize-help/
303.473.4400
/
Toll Free: 888.772.0777
303.473.4400 / Toll Free: 888.772.0777
Need Help with Amazon Personalize?
Amazon’s AI / Machine Learning System
Customer Paradigm’s team of certified developers have more than 10,000 hours of experience with Amazon’s systems, and have worked extensively on the Amazon Personalize platform.
We’re here to help!
Free, No Obligation Consultation
Installation, Configuration & Setup
Boulder, CO-based certified programmers
Extensive experience with Amazon Personalize system
Registered Amazon Partner
Developers who care. Code that works.
12,600+ Projects Completed since 2002
Tools, Tips & Strategies for Amazon personalize success
Have A Real Person Contact Me Now:
First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email*
How can we help?Yes, please have a real person contact me now about Amazon Personalize help.PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Privacy Promise
Certified Magento Developers
Need help with a Magento – Amazon Personalize integration?
We’re here to help!
Based in Boulder, Colorado, we are happy to work with you to install, configure or train you on the Amazon Personalize system, for your Magento Commerce site.
Featuring top-tier Magento development and innovative digital marketing. Contact us today for more information.
Company Headquarters
5353 Manhattan Circle Suite 103 Boulder, CO 80303
303.473.4400  /  Toll Free: 888.772.0777
Please Have A Real Person Contact Me Now:
First:*Last:*Phone:*Email:*
Comments:Please have a real person contact me now.CAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Privacy Promise & Policy
Customer Paradigm’s Free  No Obligation Consultation
PROJECTS
DEVELOPMENT HOURS
Since 2002, we've completed more than 12,600+ successful web development and marketing projects for our customers.
U.S. Based
Based in Boulder, Colorado. We speak English, work during normal US business hours and respond quickly.
Certified Developers
We have worked on hundreds of eCommerce systems that process tens of thousands of transactions per day. We know the best practices for working on high-volume, live production systems (as well as low-volume basic Magento systems).
Low Prices for Amazon Personalize Developers
Our prices are low, but our quality and customer service is high. Unlike other web development agencies we also offer firm quotes for your project, so you know what to expect when you receive your bill.
Small Projects Are Okay
We work with small 1-2 person companies, as well as some of the largest corporations in the world. We know you might want to test out our team first, before you commit to a larger project. And we’re okay with that. We have no minimums for working with us.
Bug Free Code
Our programmers write bug-free code that works! We have a dedicated team of testers to ensure that the delivered Amazon Personalize programming works as requested.
Direct Access to a Developer
You’ll get the name, email address and direct phone number of your Project Manager and Developer that is in charge of your Amazon Personalize project. Our Project Managers keep you apprised of your project’s budget and progress, and also ensure that your needs as a client are met exactly.
We Answer the Phone & Emails
We know that this shouldn’t be something we have to mention, but we do pride ourselves on our ability to have a real person answer the phone during our business hours, and we make sure to respond to all email requests promptly.
Open Office Format
We work together in an open-desk office in Boulder, Colorado. What this means is that if someone has a specific question about an Amazon Personalize programming task, they can ask anyone else very easily.
Free, No Obligation Consultation About Amazon Personalize Integration:
Call Today! 303.473.4400
Toll Free: 888.772.0777
Or Click Here To Have A Real Person Contact You Now >>
Jeff Finkelstein, Founder Customer Paradigm
A note from Customer Paradigm’s founder, Jeff Finkelstein:
My passion is helping businesses like yours leverage the power of the Web to aggregate customers according to interest, and not geography. 12,600+ projects later, I still love what we’re doing, and I love that the premise of the company – customer-centric thinking – is still just as valid and relevant today as it was back in 2002.
Back then (before Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, the iPhone, Amazon Prime, Gmail or Shopify), I saw that the companies that were succeeding online were the ones that were focused on the end customer experience.
The name of the company, Customer Paradigm, was based on the assumption that end customers increasingly have control over their purchasing experience. Buying online, interacting with people based on interest instead of geography – all of this was made possible by the Web.
In 2002, we helped businesses with three things: Acquiring new customers, retaining existing ones, and interacting with them online.
In 2019, the underlying goals are the same, but strategies and tactics are in many cases radically different.
And Amazon Personalize is a machine-learning engine that makes it quick, fast and easy to add artificial intelligence / machine learning to your site.
My favorite part of the day is talking to business owners like you to discuss your digital marketing goals, and see if there’s anything I can recommend that may make your Magento site or your brand more successful.
Let me know – I can meet here in Boulder, or over the phone – 303.473.4400.
Thanks! – Jeff
Customer Paradigm founder Jeff Finkelstein has been called a “Web Guru” by the New York Times.
Problems We Solve:
• Amazon Personalize Integration & Help
• Amazon Sales Channel Integration & Help for Magento
• Making it easy for customers to find you via Google and other search engines.
• Helping you keep in touch with your past customers and prospects via cost-effective personalized email.
• Designing websites that creates a positive, trusted impression for an organization.
• Guiding prospects effortlessly through a sales funnel, using a six-step process to build trust and develop a relationship.
• Keeping a website up-to-date with fresh content, professional images, video, podcasts and blogs.
• Allowing an organization to easily update their website without any special training or software.
• Making it as easy as possible for customers to make purchases on an eCommerce site.
• Speeding up slowwwww sites.
Free, No Obligation Consultation:
Call Today! 303.473.4400  Toll Free 888.772.0777
Or Click Here To Have A Real Person Contact You Now >>
Since 2002, we’ve completed more than 12,600+
successful projects for our customers.
Certified developers who care.
Code that works.
Call now – 303.473.4400
Customer Paradigm
4.87 out of 5
based on 55 ratings. 34 user reviews
Please Have A Real Person Contact Me Now:
First:*Last:*Phone:*Email:*
Comments:Please have a real person contact me now.PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Home
About Us
Submit Support Request
Contact Us
Magento
SEO
Software
Services
Portfolio
Articles
Blog
SiteMap
Login
Whitepaper
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Customer Paradigm
Pin It on Pinterest