http://www.execsearches.com/info/privacy
Create Account
Login
Post a Job
Search Jobs
Resume Review
Blog
Contact
Search Non-profit Jobs
Search non-profit jobs:
Keywords (e.g. position, skills, interest)
Location (e.g. city, state, country)
SEARCH
x
Warning: This page requires a viewport of at least 768px to display properly.
Privacy Statement
ExecSearches.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.
NOW, FOR ALL THE LEGAL FINE PRINT
This privacy statement discloses execSearches.com's information gathering and dissemination practices, including:
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site;
The organization collecting the information;
How the information is used;
With whom the information may be shared;
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information;
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under execSearches.com's control;
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
execSearches.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. execSearches.com collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
REGISTRATION
In order to use the execSearches.com Registry, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), and unique identifiers, but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
JOB POSTING FORM/PAYMENT FORM
We request information from clients on our job posting and payment forms. Here a client must provide contact information (like name and contact telephone number) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
COOKIES
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. For example, the user will not be able to participate in any of our Sweepstakes, Contests or monthly Drawings that take place. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
LOG FILES
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
SHARING
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person, but merely tracks information such as number of hits per day per page.
LINKS
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that execSearches.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by execSearches.com.
NEWSLETTER
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
SURVEYS, CONTESTS AND SPECIALS
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys, contests and specials. Participation in these surveys, contests and specials is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
TELL-A-FRIEND
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. execSearches.com will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. execSearches.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. The friend receives no future e-mail from execSearches.com unless the friend requests it.
SECURITY
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/posting form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. To learn more about SSL, follow this link http://www.ssl.com/.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to contact@execsearches.com.
SPECIAL OFFERS
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will regularly receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
CORRECTION/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the member information page or by emailing our Customer Support.
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
Users may opt-out of receiving our newsletter or other promotional materials at any time by visiting https://www.execsearches.com/ssl/non-profit-jobs/seeker/default2.asp and clicking on the "remove my account" link on the "member sign in" blue box
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.