https://www.earthwaterfire.com/privacy-center/cookie-policy/
About Us
Products
Materials
Applications
Contact Us
COVID 19
HelpArticlesNews
About Us
Products
Materials
Applications
Contact Us
COVID-19
Covid-19: Anderman Industrial Ceramics Is Open For Business
In these uncertain times around the world we are pleased to confirm that Anderman Industrial Ceramics remains open for business.
Our dedicated sales teams in UK, France and USA, along with our supply-chain partners, are all available to answer your enquiry or to process and deliver your order. We have an extensive range of stock available on hand at our warehousing facility in Kidderminster to address your production needs so click here to email us to see what we can offer.
Wishing you all continued good health and we look forward to receiving your enquiry.
Privacy Statement
Ceramic Products and or Anderman & Company Ltd (including earthwaterfire.com) only collect personal data about you which does not include any "special" types of information or "location" based information. This does however include name, address, job title/role, email address etc.
We need to know and will only collect your basic personal information from you that we need in order to provide our services. All the personal data that we hold is used for the provision of our service to you.
We do not share it with any third parties except to aid in recovering bad debts or to counter other criminality.
We are required under UK tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 6 years after which time it will be destroyed.
Your information that we use for marketing purposes will be kept by us until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information.
We would however like to use your name and email address to inform you of our new products and future offers. This information is not shared with any third parties and you can unsubscribe at any time via phone or email. We will not use automated phone or SMS based marketing.
If at any point you believe the information we hold on you is incorrect or you wish us to delete your information from our records, you may request to see this information and have it corrected or deleted. Please email us on the address below.
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal information, you can contact our Compliance Officer who will investigate the matter.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are using your information in a way that is not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO).
If you would like to see our Privacy Policy please contact us on carol.verrier@andermanceramics.com
Dr John VerrierManaging Director.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
About
Products
Materials
Applications
Contact
Privacy Statement
2020 © All Rights Reserved
French
Japanese
Chinese
Portuguese
Spanish
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By agreeing you accept the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
I accept
I decline
Learn More about our Cookie Policy