http://www.industrialshelving.com/terms-of-use/
Not sure where to start? SCHEDULE A FREE CONSULTATION with our team of shelving pros.
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
1. There is a $150 minimum order threshold for online orders. Payment terms are to be Visa, MasterCard, or American Express processed by Industrial Shelving Systems at the time of shipment. Please call 800-325-5522 for additional available terms. Sales tax on products shipped inside MO or IL is to be added to the invoice. It is the responsibility of the purchasing party to pay their state as consumer use tax on shipments outside MO & IL.
2. All damage or shortages must be noted on the bill of lading at the time of delivery. Before accepting any shipment, you must inspect it carefully, including removing the packaging when it necessary to look for concealed damage. Only after you have noted the delivery bill can you notify Industrial Shelving Systems of the products needing replacement. Important Notice: NO CLAIM WILL BE ACCEPTED ON A CLEAR DELIVERY BILLCaution: When you give the delivering carrier a clear receipt for a shipment in which there is damaged merchandise or a shortage, the carrier and Industrial Shelving Systems are relieved of any further responsibility. Purchasing party will be responsible for all replacements should above procedure not be followed.
3. Returned and cancelled shipments within 30 days must be approved by Industrial Shelving Systems in writing prior to return of merchandise. Returned or cancelled orders will be charged a 25% restocking fee plus all applicable shipping charges and return freight. No returns will be accepted without a RGA number issued by Industrial Shelving Systems.
4. Industrial Shelving will respect your confidentiality. We will not sell or rent your name to anyone.
5. Should you have any questions, call 800-875-6201
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Industrial Shelving Systems. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Industrial Shelving Systems. Copyright 2003, Industrial Shelving Systems ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Industrial Shelving Systems or purchasing Industrial Shelving Systems products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Industrial Shelving Systems or to purchase Industrial Shelving Systems products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Industrial Shelving Systems. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Industrial Shelving Systems used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Industrial Shelving SystemsWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Industrial Shelving Systems disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Industrial Shelving Systems does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Industrial Shelving Systems does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityIndustrial Shelving Systems shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Industrial Shelving Systems has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Industrial Shelving Systems product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Industrial Shelving Systems reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Industrial Shelving Systems reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Industrial Shelving Systems shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Industrial Shelving Systems without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeIndustrial Shelving Systems may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Industrial Shelving Systems.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Industrial Shelving Systems products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Industrial Shelving Systems products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Industrial Shelving Systems's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Industrial Shelving Systems may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Industrial Shelving Systems or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerIndustrial Shelving Systems does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Industrial Shelving Systems is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Industrial Shelving Systems reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Industrial Shelving Systems in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Industrial Shelving Systems, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Industrial Shelving Systems may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Industrial Shelving Systems, Industrial Shelving Systems has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Industrial Shelving Systems. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Industrial Shelving Systems seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
X
© 2020 industrialshelving.com - All Rights Reserved.
Powered by BigCommerce. Designed by Brand Labs.