http://www.acnelson.com/pages/terms-conditions
All Department
Home
Brands
Allen Bradley
Cutler Hammer
Square D
Siemens
Shop
Motor Control
Switch Gear
Explosion Proof
Panels
MCC's
Transformers
Motor Control
Electrical Control
Circuit Breakers
PLC's
Lighting
Fuses
Wire & cables
Bestseller
Cutler Hammer FD 1015
$115.50
All Products
About Us
Contact Us
Sell to Us
Terms Conditions
A.C. Nelson ElectricHome
Terms Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the acnelson.com website. The website is provided as a service to our customers by AC Nelson.
Please review the following Terms and Conditions and the accompanying Privacy Policy, which govern your use of the website.
Your use of the website constitutes an agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms and Conditions, and Privacy Policy.
These Terms and Conditions exclusively govern the sale by the company of all goods and services sold through this website.
The company reserves the right to amend the Terms and Conditions, and Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion.
It is your responsibility to review the current Terms and Conditions, and Privacy Policy in force when using this website.
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions, and Privacy Policy become effective upon posting anywhere on the website.
If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, and Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to access or otherwise use this site.
You represent that you are of sufficient legal age to use the website and to create binding legal obligations for any liability you may incur
as a result of the use of the website. Users under 18 years of age are prohibited from registering with the company and using the website.
The company is not an authorized distributor of any manufacturer.
The company provides the service of consolidating the best possible prices within the industry for our customers. Accordingly,
site pricing is variable and subject to change at any time. To ensure product authenticity, we work closely with authorized distributors and OEMs
to obtain our products through established independent procurement channels. Documentation from the manufacturer regarding traceability or
conformance cannot be provided to protect our proprietary interests and will not constitute grounds for rejection by the customer.
Warranty Information
New Product – AC Nelson warrants that products identified as “New Product” on acnelson.com will be free from defects in material, workmanship,
and design for a period of one (1) year from the date of invoice of the company or its appointed distributor, as the case may be.
Products identified as “New Product” on this website will be new, never previously energized, never previously wired, and where possible will be
shipped in their original manufacturer boxes. Products identified as “New Product” may include products of a prior vintage that match the ordered SKU
and product description.
Re-Certified Product – AC Nelson warrants that products identified as “Re-Certified Product” on this website will be free from
defects in material, workmanship, and design for a period of two (2) years from the date of invoice of the company or its appointed
distributor, as the case may be. Products identified as “Re-Certified Product” on this website have been cleaned, tested, and
repackaged to the company’s exacting standards by the company’s technicians. A “Re-Certified Product” may be shipped in a
non-manufacturer box, may not be of current vintage, and may not be in “like-new” condition. A “Re-Certified Product” may feature
a replacement label, where necessary for the proper field identification of the product. These labels are intended only for identification
and information purposes and the company makes no representation for and disclaims all liability for the accuracy or completeness of
the information on these labels.
In certain circumstances, the company may offer the purchase of an Extended Warranty. The Extended Warranty will increase the term of
the company’s Limited Warranty for a period of one (1) additional year (i.e., up to two (2) years for New Products and up to three (3) years
for Re-Certified Products). The company’s Extended Warranty will not alter or expand the scope of the Limited Warranty in any way other
than in duration, as set out above.
Satisfaction of the Limited Warranty or Extended Warranty is available only if (a) the company is provided prompt written notice of the Limited Warranty
or Extended Warranty claim; and (b) the company’s examination discloses that any alleged defect has not been caused by misuse, neglect, accident,
a typical environmental degradation, or improper installation, operation, maintenance, repair, alteration or modification by an entity other than
the company.
Except as otherwise set out in the Limited Warranty and Extended Warranty sections of the Terms and Conditions, THE MATERIALS MAINTAINED ON OR
ACCESSED BY WAY OF THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR OTHER VIOLATION OF RIGHTS. MATERIALS MAINTAINED ON OR
ACCESSED BY WAY OF THIS SITE MAY NOT BE ELIGIBLE FOR FACTORY OR MANUFACTURER WARRANTIES AND the company EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY SUCH WARRANTIES.
The company DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE, VALIDITY, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF THE MATERIALS AND
INFORMATION MAINTAINED ON OR ACCESSED BY WAY OF THIS SITE OR ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO THIS SITE.
The company’s liability under these Terms and Conditions shall be limited to either repair or replacement of the goods, or refund of
the purchase price, at the company’s option. IN NO EVENT SHALL the company BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE,
EXEMPLARY, OR ANY INDIRECT DAMAGES, OR FOR LOST PROFITS OR DATA RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS SITE OR THE USE OF GOODS PURCHASED FROM
the company, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER the company KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES.
Ordering
The placement of an order with AC Nelson through acnelson.com does not mean that your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes
an offer to buy a product or products. All orders are subject to review and acceptance by the company, which will confirm such acceptance
by shipping the products ordered. Occasionally, an order may only be partially accepted, due to product availability or other reasons,
in which case the company will be obligated to supply only the product(s) available at that time. Special order items (i.e., items not
normally stocked in the company’s warehouses) are non-cancellable, non-refundable once the order is placed. Customers are required to make
full payment of the purchase price at the time of purchase. the company reserves the right not to accept any order that is deemed unattainable
at an advertised price, is no longer available for sale, or has sold prior to the website being updated.
The company recommends that all purchasing decisions be made by properly licensed professionals. the company makes no representations or
warranties as to the suitability of any product for any particular purpose. Selection of an improper product by a customer will not
constitute grounds for waiver of any restocking charges, and will not subject the company to any liability.
Use of the Website
AC Nelson makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the content on the acnelson.com is complete and accurate. However, the
company cannot guarantee that the information contained on this website does not contain errors, inaccuracies, or omissions. The company
reserves the right to correct any error, inaccuracy, or omission at any time, including but not limited to price, product description, or
availability. Any description of the goods provided on the website, purchase order, order acknowledgment, bill of lading, or sales invoice
is for the sole purpose of identification and does not constitute a warranty that the goods conform to that description.
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of the website, including, but not limited to:
(1) using any automatic or manual processes to monitor or copy any portion of this website without the company’s prior written permission;
(2) attempting to modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or otherwise alter the source code associated with the website;
(3) interfering or attempting to interfere with the provision of goods and services by the company to any third party;
(4) accessing content or data which you are not authorized to access; or
(5) attempting to probe, scan, or test any potential vulnerability of this website, or to breach security or authentication measures
without proper authorization.
You may not link to this website without the company’s prior written permission.
The website may contain links to websites other than the company's. The company does not assume any responsibility for those third-party
websites and provides those links solely for the convenience of our visitors. The company does not control the content of these sites and
takes no responsibility for their content, nor should it be implied that the company endorses or otherwise recommends such sites or the
products or services offered, or that the company is affiliated with those third parties in any way. Any concerns regarding any such sites or
the products or services offered should be directed to the particular outside service or resource.
Intellectual Property
The material on acnelson.com is protected by copyright and other laws and may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished,
uploaded, posted, or transmitted in any way without the prior written consent of AC Nelson. All photographs on the website are the
exclusive property of the company. These images are intended to serve only as a general product reference and may not always depict
an actual or accurate product offered for sale.
The trademarks, service marks, and logos used or displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trademarks of the company
and third parties. No license is granted with respect to these intellectual property rights, and no trademarks on this website may be
used without prior permission from their respective owners.
Sample Product
Add to cart
×
Features
___product_title___
___product_old_price______product_price___
Add to cart
View
Availability
___product_availability___
Options
___product_options___
Vendor
___product_vendor___
Collection
___product_collection___
Rating
___product_rating___