https://www.cet-power.com/en/privacy-policy/
logoicons/datacenters blackicons/renergy management blackicons/industries blackicons/power&utilities blackicons/product finder copyicons/telecom blackicons/transport blackicons/rail copy 2icons/rail copy
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Policy
CE+T Power’s Data Privacy Policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by CE+T Power anytime you interact with the company, such as when you visit our website, when you purchase our products and services, or when you call our sales or support associates. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. Your privacy is a priority at CE+T Power, and we go to great lengths to protect it.
Why we collect personal information
We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service. It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services and focus on categories of greatest interest to you. In addition, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers, and events that you might like to hear about.
What information we collect and how we may use it
There are a number of situations in which your personal information may help us give you better products. For example:
We may ask for your personal information when you’re discussing a service issue on the phone with an associate, downloading a software update, registering for a seminar, participating in an online survey, registering your products, or purchasing a product.
When you interact with CE+T Power, we may collect personal information relevant to the situation, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences; your credit card information and information about the CE+T Power products you own, such as their serial numbers and date of purchase; and information relating to a support or service issue.
We also collect information for market research purposes — such as your occupation and where you use your computer — to gain a better understanding of our customers and thus provide more valuable service.
We collect information regarding customer activities on our websites. This helps us to determine how best to provide useful information to customers and to understand which parts of our websites, products, and Internet services are of most interest to them.
We may use personal information to provide products that you have requested as well as for auditing, research, and analysis to improve CE+T Power’s products.
Your CE+T Power ID and related information
The CE+T Power website, as well as CE+T Power services, allows you to create an “CE+T Power ID” based on your personal information. This convenient service saves you time and allows for easier use of our web services. Here’s how it works: You create a personal profile — providing your name, phone number, email address, and in some cases your mailing address — and choose a password. The system saves your information and assigns you a personal CE+T Power ID — in many cases simply your email address, because it’s unique and easy to remember. The next time you order from CE+T Power or register a new product, all you need to do is enter your CE+T Power ID and password; the system looks up the information it needs to assist you.
Publicly displayed information is public
If you use a bulletin board or chat room on an CE+T Power website, you should be aware that any information you share is visible to other users. Personally, identifiable information you submit to one of these forums can be read, collected, or used by other individuals to send you unsolicited messages. CE+T Power is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. For example, if you choose to make information, which was previously non-public, available by enabling certain user features, CE+T Power will collect that information from your interaction and the information will become publicly available.
When we disclose your information
CE+T Power takes your privacy very seriously. CE+T Power does not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers.
Within the CE+T Power Group
To help us provide superior service, your personal information may be shared with legal entities within the CE+T Power Group globally who will take steps to safeguard it in accordance with CE+T Power’s privacy policy.
With our service providers, vendors, and strategic partners
There are also times when it may be advantageous for CE+T Power to make certain personal information about you available to companies that CE+T Power has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for CE+T Power to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us process information, extend credit, fulfill customer orders, deliver products to you, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess your interest in our products and services, or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are also obligated to protect your personal information in accordance with CE+T Power’s policies, except if we inform you otherwise at the time of collection.
At times we may be required by law or litigation to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.
In order to protect your personal information, CE+T Power takes precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Integrity of your personal information
CE+T Power has safeguards in place to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date for the purposes for which it is used. Naturally, you always have the right to access and correct the personal information you have provided. And you can request a copy of your personal information, your product registration history, and your interactions with our sales and support agents by contacting us at the email address below.
Cookies and other technologies
As in standard practice on many corporate websites, CE+T Power’s website may use “cookies” and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. We also use cookies and other technologies to make sure that our online advertising is bringing customers to our products and services. We use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on our website, to make it even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications. And we use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us.
For example, knowing your first name lets us welcome you with a greeting the next time you visit the CE+T Power web site. Information, such as your country and language, helps us provide a more useful online experience. And your contact information, product serial numbers, and information about your computer helps us register your products.
As of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. CE+T Power will not use the information collected to market directly to that person.
In some of our email messages we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the CE+T Power website. When customers click one of these URLs, they pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in the email.
Our companywide commitment to your privacy
CE+T Power takes protecting your privacy very seriously. To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate these guidelines to CE+T Power employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. In addition, CE+T Power supports industry initiatives, such as TRUSTe, to preserve privacy rights on the Internet and in all aspects of electronic commerce.
International users
CE+T Power abides by the safe harbor framework set forth by the Belgian Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information collected from the European Union.
CE+T Power’s website has links to the sites of other companies. CE+T Power is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Privacy questions
If you have questions or concerns about CE+T Power’s Customer Privacy Policy or data processing, please use the contact form (available here). The CE+T Power Data Controller in your region will respond to your inquiry within 30 days. CE+T Power may update its privacy policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated privacy policy.
We use cookies to provide a better experience. By continuing to use the site you accept this policy. Learn more
I agree
We have detected you are coming from another region. Please choose one of the options
Stay with CE+T Power
Go to CE+T Energy Solutions (North America)