http://www.ponyneedles.com/index.php?module=content&event=privacypolicy
Find Us
:
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Choose Language
:
English
Spanish
German
French
Home
About Us
Technology
Quality
CSR
Our Products
Product Range
Compare Product
Place a Custom Order
Global Presence
Pony Agents and Distributors
Careers
Current job Openings
Why work with us
Post your resume
Contact Us
Contact Us
Our sales offices in India
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Needle Industries India Pvt Ltd shall hereinafter be referred to as ‘NIIPL’.
Intellectual Property Rights
All Material appearing on the website (including but not limited to trademarks, logos, text, graphical images, audio and video) is the property of NIIPL. Any infringement shall be vigorously defended to the fullest extent permitted by law. NIIPL reserves all rights over the website and its content.
Usage Restrictions/Limitations
You shall not print copies of the information on this site for your personal use and/or store the files on your computer for personal use or any other purpose. You shall not distribute text, graphics or images to others without the express written consent of NIIPL.
You shall not, without our prior written consent, copy, reproduce, modify, reuse and/or distribute any information/material from this website in any manner including but not limited to any other server or any another system.
No reproduction of any part of the website may be sold or distributed for commercial gain, nor shall it be modified or incorporated in any other work, publication or site, whether in hard copy or electronic format, including but not limited to postings to any other site.
The user has a limited right to store, print or download extracts from this website for personal, non-commercial use only to the extent permissible by the (Indian) Copyright Act, 1957, the (Indian) Information Technology Act, 2000 and other applicable statutes and treaties around the world. These laws are applicable and enforceable against all entities throughout the world.
The user shall not (whether directly or through any software program) create a database in any form by regularly or systematically downloading and storing all or any part of the pages from this website. No part of this website, in any form, shall be reproduced or transmitted to or stored in or linked to any other website, domain address, public or private electronic retrieval system or service without express and prior written permission of NIIPL.
The user shall not or cause another to tamper with the website which is likely to cause wrongful loss or damage to NIIPL or to the public including destruction, deletion and / or alteration of any part of this website which diminishes its value / utility or affects it injuriously. Failure to comply with the above gives rise to severe civil and criminal consequences, including but not limited to imprisonment and imposition of substantial fine and/or penalty. All legal remedies shall be invoked without prior and specific notice to the infringer.
Products and Services
All products or services portrayed on this website are part of the Pony range of products/services and we cannot guarantee that the same will be available when requested by a customer. We also cannot ensure that such products or services will be available to all customers in all countries including but not limited to India.
We reserve the right to include or exclude any products or services and to modify any specifications at any time, without providing prior notice
Protection of Information
As with all information, NIIPL does not sell any data in bulk to third parties that can be misused for telemarketing or bulk mailing or any other wrongful purposes. In addition, NIIPL does not sell any user's personal information or business information until and unless it is permitted by the user. Any user statistics that we may provide to prospective advertisers or partners regarding product or service usage on NIIPL network is provided in an aggregate form only and does not include any personally identifiable information about any individual user.
We request our users to sign out of their NIIPL account and close their browser window when they have finished their work. This is to ensure that others cannot access their personal or business information and correspondence details as users may share the computer with others or may use a computer that is acccessible by others.
NIIPL takes necessary steps, within its limits of commercial viability and necessity, to ensure that the user's information is treated securely. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while NIIPL strives to protect the user's personal and business information, it cannot ensure the security of any information transmitted to NIIPL and you do so at your own risk. Once NIIPL receives your transmission, it makes best efforts to ensure its security in its systems. Please keep in mindthat whenever you post personal and business information online, that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties.
The Pony Agents and Distributors address and information that are published in the website are only for Business purposes and Business Enquiries with us. All the agents and distributors present globally are agents and distributors of the Pony brand of products and are not part of nor owned partially or wholly by NIIPL. All orders/ enquiries received will be addressed by the Agents and Distributors in the representing countries. The Pony Agents and Distributors have all rights to address and dismiss the orders and/or any queries at their sole discretion.
No Representations and Warranties
The information on this website has been included in good faith and is for business and general purposes only. It should not be relied upon for any specific purpose and no representation or warranty is given as regards its accuracy or completeness by NIIPL.
While NIIPL has tried to make the information contained in this website as accurate as possible, it accepts no responsibility and / or liability of any kind incurred as a result thereof.
NIIPL makes no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, lack of viruses or other harmful components of this website or the information contained therein. The same is provided on an 'as is' basis without warranty of any kind.
No information on this website shall constitute an invitation to invest in NIIPL. Neither NIIPL nor its affiliates, officers, employees or agents shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense arising out of any access to or use of this website or any website linked to it, including, without limitation, any loss of profit, indirect, incidental or consequential loss.
Quick Links
Technology
Quality
CSR
News & Events
SA 8000 certified...
22/05/2019
The intent of SA 8000 is to provide a...
View more
We Welcome all of You!!
26/06/2019
The One of its Kind Store in India!! A...
View more
Enquire Now
Message