http://www.royalenfield.com/us/en/legal/terms-and-conditions/
Note
We use our own cookies for the use of the site, personalize content and ads and to perform analyses of our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. If you want to learn more about cookies and opt-out, click the button Privacy and Cookie Policy. If you choose not to agree to the use of cookies all features of the site may not operate as intended.
Accept
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the website of Royal Enfield, a unit of Eicher Motors Limited. Royal Enfield provides this Site as a service to its customers. Please    review the following basic rules that govern your usage of the Site.
Although you may "bookmark" a particular portion of this Site and thereby bypass this Agreement, your use of this Site still binds you to the    terms. Since Royal Enfield may revise this Agreement at any time, you should visit this page periodically to review the terms of your usage.
SITE CONTENTS
Occasionally there may be information on this website that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips and written and other materials that are part of this Site (collectively, the "Contents") are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by Royal Enfield. The Site as a whole is protected by copyright, all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to which are owned by Royal Enfield. ROYAL ENFIELD and our other trademarks appearing at this Site are the trademarks of Eicher Motors Limited.
This Site and all its Contents are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site or any related software.
USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK, POSTCARDS AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
All comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to Royal Enfield on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site (collectively, the "Comments") shall be and remain Royal Enfield's property. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to Royal Enfield of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the Comments. Thus, Royal Enfield will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. Royal Enfield is and shall be under no obligation
- to maintain any Comments in confidence;
- to pay compensation to any user for any Comments; or
- to respond to any user Comments.
You agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s). You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make.
COLORS
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the Site. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
DISCLAIMER
Royal Enfield provides the materials on this site "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of intellectual property. Royal Enfield expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the materials on this site, although Royal Enfield may modify the materials at any time without notice. By your use of this site, you acknowledge that your use is at your sole risk and that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this site. You further acknowledge that Royal Enfield shall not be liable for any damages or any kind related to your use of this site.
All contributions made to this website in written, photographic or other form will become the sole property of Royal Enfield. Consequently, Royal Enfield will hold the rights to use the same in any manner deemed fit, online or offline.
The Trip experiences and discussions posted in the website are not endorsed by Royal Enfield for content or veracity. Moreover, Royal Enfield does not take responsibility for any actions inspired by content presented here. Royal Enfield strongly discourages riding under the influence of alcohol or any other hallucinogenic substance. We strongly urge you to follow road rules, wear a helmet, and only use your motorcycle as it was designed to be used. Modifications to the chassis and engine are not advisable, since they could compromise your safety. Please enjoy your motorcycle and the great outdoors responsibly.
We may occasionally ask for your assistance in market research to help improve our services to customers. Your personal data that you provide in the form may be shared for these purposes with other authorized Royal Enfield partners and suppliers of Royal Enfield approved products and services. We would like to contact you via phone, SMS and/or email. You can tell us at any time if you would prefer NOT to receive this information; please write to us at support@royalenfield.com.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Royal Enfield harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
MISCELLANEOUS
Unless otherwise specified, this Site and the Contents thereof are displayed solely for the purpose of promoting Royal Enfield's products and services. This Site is controlled and operated by Royal Enfield from its office in Chennai, India.
The Courts in Chennai shall have jurisdiction over all disputes arising out of or in respect of this Agreement.
PRIVATE IMPORTS
We also do not encourage private imports of Indian models through our Indian dealers. If you have done so, please note it is at your own risk. If you face any problems with registering your privately imported motorcycle or haven't received your motorcycle we cannot be held responsible or liable for this.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective unless and until terminated by either you or Royal Enfield. You may terminate this Agreement at any time. Royal Enfield also may terminate this Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Site, if in Royal Enfield's sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement. Upon any termination of the Agreement by either you or Royal Enfield, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of use or otherwise.
Find a Store