http://www.centuryfurniture.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Century Furniture's Privacy Policy
Century Furniture is committed to honoring the privacy of our members and visitors.
What information does Century receive and how do we use it?
When you register for Century services, we ask you for your name, contact information, preferences, and certain demographic information. This information lets us provide personalized services and communicate separately with you. We also use aggregated information about the use of our services to evaluate our users' preferences, and improve our programming. While we need certain information to register you as a unique user and let you access personalized services, other requested information is optional and may be given at your discretion. We store all user information in secure databases protected with access controls.
May I choose what communications I receive?
We occasionally send out an email newsletter to Century users to highlight products and promotions. You can elect not to receive communications from us, either when you register or by noting your preference in response to communications from us. You may also change your preferences for receiving communications any time via the Century website if you are a registered user.
What about cookies?
Like most websites, we use small bits of data called cookies stored on users' computers to simulate a continuous connection. Cookies let us "remember" information about your preferences and passwords and allow you to move within our Service without reintroducing yourself. Century doesn’t use such cookies to collect personally identifiable information.
What if I need to review or change the personal information I previously disclosed?
We encourage Century users to update and edit their personal information and keep it current. If you are a registered user you can easily correct or update your personal information at any time by signing in on the Century website and clicking on Admin. This will allow you to change your preferences and update your personal information.
What about children's information?
While we feel children should not give out personal information on the Internet, we realize that children do not always follow the rules. Century is a completely kids-safe website and we never sell or give any personal information to other companies.
Who can I contact if I have any questions regarding my privacy?
Please contact us directly at mycentury[at]centuryfurniture.com with any questions or comments.
back to top