http://www.socomec.com/privacy-policy_en.html
Home
Contact us
FAQ
Australia
Belgium
China
France
Germany
Global
India
Italy
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Singapore
Slovenia
Spain
Switzerland
Thailand
Turkey
UK
USA
CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE SOCOMEC WEBSITE
The website accessible at the address www.socomec.com is the official website of the SOCOMEC group. It publishes general information concerning the group and SOCOMEC products intended for a public made up of informed professionals. Access to and use of this website are subject to these conditions and to the laws that apply. Through the use of this website, the user acknowledges that he is aware of these conditions and accepts them in full without reservation. If the user does not accept these provisions, he is asked to stop using this website. SOCOMEC reserves the right to modify and update these conditions at any time and without notice. These modifications are imposed on the user who should consult these conditions of use every time he connects to the site.
Map
Publication and hosting
Personal data protection
Intellectual property rights
Access to the website
Access codes and passwords
Marketing
Hyperlinks
Limitation of guarantee and of liability
Applicable law and attribution of jurisdiction
Further information
Publication and hosting
Author
Name: SOCOMEC
Registered office: 1 rue de Westhouse BP 60010 67235 BENFELD Cedex (France)
Telephone: (33) (0)3 88 57 41 41
Trade & Companies Register: Strasbourg B 548 500 149
Registered capital: 10,686,000 euro
Publishing manager
Name: Alain GAMBA
alain.gamba@socomec.com
Site host
Name: AGORA HOSTING
Address: 13 Rue Hannah Arendt, 67200 STRASBOURG (France)
Telephone: +33 (0)3 88 99 02 82
Contact
webmaster@socomec.com
Personal data protection
1 Declaration to the CNIL (National Commission for Information Technology and Civil Liberties)
The www.socomec.com website was the subject of a declaration to the CNIL on 3 October 2005 under no. 1124722.
2 Personal data
The www.socomec.com website may be consulted without the user having to reveal his identity or any personal information.
When the user conveys personal data by completing the forms provided for this purpose, he agrees to it being used and transferred in the conditions described below.
Personal data conveyed by the user is intended for processing his requests and in some cases to set up files on prospective customers.
This data is likely to be conveyed to entities in the SOCOMEC group located in countries other than that of the owner of the data so that user requests can be processed by the entity of the group in users' geographical location. Various rules and measures are in place within the SOCOMEC group to maintain the highest level of protection of this data.
3 Right of access and rectification
In accordance with law no. 78-17 on "Information technology and civil liberties" of 6 January 1978, the user is informed that he has a right to access and rectify the data concerning him. He may exercise this right at any time by sending an e-mail to webmaster@socomec.com
4 Cookies
> What are "cookies"?
"Cookies" are small text files that are stored by the browser on your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you are surfing. They allow websites to store information about your browsing preferences and to send you customised services adapted to your terminal.  Cookies are managed by your web browser.
> Cookies used on our website:
Cookies used for analytics:
Cookie name:
Expiry date:
Description:
_ga
2 years
Used to distinguish users
_gat
10 minutes
Used to throttle request rate
Cookie used for browsing preferences:
Cookie name:
Expiry date:
Description:
popinCookie
1 year
Used to save pop-in display information
> Accept or refuse cookies:
You can choose to deactivate cookies here or in your browser settings.
Intellectual property rights
This website and its domain names are the exclusive property of SOCOMEC. Its contents are the property of SOCOMEC or its subsidiaries or third parties that have authorised SOCOMEC to use them.
The www.socomec.com website and its contents are protected by the Intellectual Property Code and notably by copyright, the legislation concerning drawings and models and trademark rights.
Any reproduction, representation, use, adaptation, modification, incorporation and marketing of these protected elements, by any procedure and in any format whatsoever is strictly prohibited except for:
- the exceptions legally allowed by the Intellectual Property Code
- cases expressly authorised by SOCOMEC.
Any infraction of these rights would constitute an infringement of copyright.
The photographs shown under the heading "Photo Library" can be used freely as long as this use is not contrary to good practice and does not harm the image of SOCOMEC. The words "© Socomec" must appear on the media where the photographs will be reproduced.
The trademarks and logos displayed on this website are the respective property of the companies that use them and may not be subject to any unauthorised commercial use.
The software used on the site is protected by copyright and involves the signature of a licence contract.
All software and equipment that are accessible from this website that have their own provisions are governed by them.
Access to the website
The cost of access and browsing the www.socomec.com website is the full responsibility of the user.
SOCOMEC takes all reasonable measures so that this website is normally permanently accessible. However, it is possible that technical difficulties or maintenance requirements may suspend, stop or make it difficult to access the www.socomec.com website
The user undertakes, subject to having his civil and criminal liability incurred, not to use the www.socomec.com website to transmit, by any means whatsoever, any content, including software, codes, viruses or any other procedure intended to destroy or limit the functionalities of the www.socomec.com website.
The user acknowledges that he has checked that his computer configuration does not contain any virus.
Access codes and passwords
Certain services existing on the www.socomec.com website may require an access code and a password provided by the operator of these services.
Access codes and passwords are confidential, personal, non-transferable and non-transmissible. The user is responsible for the maintenance, conservation and consequences of the use of his codes and passwords.
SOCOMEC may not in any case be held liable for their fraudulent use.
Marketing
The products and services described in the pages of this website do not constitute commercial offers and the information provided herein has no contractual value. They are subject to modification or removal without notice.
Some products and services presented on the website are not available in certain countries or are subject to special regulations and even restrictions.
Users who wish to acquire SOCOMEC products and/or use its services are invited to contact a SOCOMEC sales office.
Hyperlinks
The presence of hyperlinks on the www.socomec.com website that direct users to other websites is not a guarantee of the quality of the contents of these websites and their correct operation. SOCOMEC may not in any case be held liable for the contents and correct operation of these websites.
Limitation of guarantee and of liability
In spite of the care taken with the quality and reliability of this website, errors may exist in the information presented. The information is only given as a guideline without any guarantee, whether explicit or implicit, of validity, exhaustiveness or timeliness. As a result, the user is invited to carry out all relevant verifications. Furthermore, he acknowledges that he will use this information under his sole responsibility. SOCOMEC may not in any case be held liable for any direct or indirect damage, notably any financial or material prejudice, loss of data or software, resulting from access to this website and/or the use of information of any type that is provided on it.
Applicable law and attribution of jurisdiction
The www.socomec.com website and these conditions of use are subject to French law.
The French version shall prevail.
In the event of any dispute, exclusive attribution of jurisdiction is made to the law courts of Strasbourg (France).
However, SOCOMEC reserves the right to take legal action in countries other than France in order to protect its interests.
Further information
For any further questions you can contact SOCOMEC at the following address :
SOCOMEC
1 rue de Westhouse BP 60010
67235 BENFELD Cedex
(33) (0)3 88 57 41 41
Contact Us
Follow us
Contact
Site map
Glossary
Privacy Policy
Cookies management
© Socomec