http://www.menarini.com/Home/Therapy-and-Wellness/Privacy#cookie_policy
Our site uses cookies to make navigation as functional as possible, including "third party" cookies and "profiling cookies" designed to tailor on-line contents to suit the preferences expressed while surfing the internet. Should you wish to receive more information, or deny your consent to some or all cookies, click here. If you proceed browsing this website, you will be consenting to the use of all cookies.
More info
itaeng
Our Group
Innovation & Research
Therapy and Wellness
Menarini News
Values
Careers
Home
HomeTherapy and WellnessPrivacy
Allergology
Under Prescription Drugs
Andrology
Under Prescription Drugs
Food Supplements
Antinfective area
Under Prescription Drugs
Glossary
Cardiovascular Areas
Under Prescription Drugs
Glossary
Gastrointestinal disorders
Over the counter drugs
Under Prescription Drugs
Glossary
Gynecology and Women's Wellness
Over the counter drugs
Under Prescription Drugs
Glossary
Pain, Trauma and Headaches
Over the counter drugs
Under Prescription Drugs
Glossary
Respiratory Area
Under Prescription Drugs
Glossary
Ten golden rules for asthma sufferers
Reumatology / Osteoporosis
Under Prescription Drugs
Flu, Coughs and Colds
Vivin C
Aricodotiltosse
Mucoaricodil
Acqua di Sirmione
VivinDuo
Vivin Tosse
Mild Anxiety
Dermatology and Personal Care
Over the counter drugs
Under Prescription Drugs
Energy Supplements and Multivitamins
Salini e Tonici
Psicostimolanti
Immunostimolanti
Multivitaminici
Area Regolatori Intestinali
Area Coadiuvante Intestinali
Area Pediatrica
Dietary products
Dulceril
Preparations with Iron
Under Prescription Drugs
Milk for infants
Follow on milk
Food for Special Medical Purposes
Growing up milk
Hold chamber
Fluspacer
PRIVACY POLICY ON THE USE OF THE WEBSITE
Introduction
The Company A. Menarini Industrie Farmaceutiche Riunite S.r.l. (“Company”, or “we”) takes its users’ privacy very seriously and undertakes to comply in full with the applicable law (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 – hereinafter defined as the “GDPR”).
This document (“Privacy Policy”) provides information on how the personal data collected by the Company through this website (“Website”) are processed, and constitutes “an information notice to the data subjects” under the terms of art. 13 of the GDPR. Specific privacy information notices are normally published in the Website sections in which users’ personal data are collected; in any event these are supplemented by this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller and DPO
The Data Controller is A. Menarini Industrie Farmaceutiche Riunite s.r.l., with registered offices in Via Sette Santi 1/3, 50131 Firenze  (“Controller”).
The Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) can be contacted at the following address: dpo@menarini.com
The Data we process
The following data can be processed:
1) Ordinary personal data which you may provide when interacting with website functions, including browser data or requests to use services offered on the Website (e.g. registration in any reserved areas, competitions and other initiatives which may be present on the Website, use of any Apps, requests for information and reports submitted also through contact forms, etc.) as well as data collected by cookies as specified in the Cookie Policy;
2) Special categories of data such as those relating to health status (Article 9 of the GDPR). Where that occurs, processing is performed on the basis of the user’s consent, to comply with the obligations connected to adverse event reporting, to fulfil legal or regulatory obligations or contractual or pre-contractual obligations involving the supply of goods or services (including requests for information on our products and their correct use). In any event, the legal basis for processing of particular categories of data is Article 9.2 (a) and (i) of the GDPR.
Why and how we process your personal data
With your consent, the Company may process your ordinary personal data to enable you to benefit from the available services and functionalities and optimise their performance, to perform statistics on its usage, to manage requests and reports received through the Website, to manage your registration to any restricted-access areas and initiatives (e.g. competitions) which may be present on the Website pursuant to Article 6.1.a of the GDPR. The Company may also process your personal data to fulfil obligations stemming from laws, regulations and European Union law: the legal basis for the processing for this purpose is Article 6.1. (c) of the GDPR.
Furthermore, with your optional consent, your ordinary and/or sensitive data may be processed to manage job applications pursuant to arts. 6.1.(a) and 9.2.(a) of the Regulation.
Furthermore, your ordinary and sensitive data may be processed by the Company to handle notifications of adverse events (i.e. so called vigilance/pharmacovigilance), pursuant arts. 9.2.(a), (g) and (i)  of the GDPR.
Furthermore, with your optional consent, your ordinary personal data may also be used for institutional communications (including newsletters). The legal basis for the processing for this purpose is Article 6.1. (a) of the GDPR.
Finally, the Company may process your ordinary and sensitive personal data to protect its rights in legal proceedings or to apply the Menarini Group Code of Conduct (Articles 6.1.(f) and 9.2.(f) of the GDPR).
All your data are processed using automatic and electronic instruments suitable to ensure full security and confidentiality.
Necessary processing and optional processing
The forms to be completed on this website require you to confer personal data which are strictly necessary to handle your communications and requests. Such Data are marked with an asterisk [*]. If you do not wish to confer them, we will not be able to handle your communication/request.
Conversely, forms may also provide the possibility to confer personal data which are not strictly necessary to handle your requests: providing such data is optional - failure to do so has no consequence.
Browsing data
If you only visit the Website (i.e., without sending communications or using any of the available services/functions), the processing of your data is limited to browsing data i.e., data whose transmission to the Website is necessary for the functioning of the computers which operate the Website and of the Internet communication protocols. This category includes, for example, IP addresses or computer domain used to visit the Website and other parameters pertaining to the operating system used to connect to the Website. The Company collects these and other data (such as, for example, number of visits and time spent on the Website) merely for statistical purposes and in anonymous form in order to monitor the functioning of the Website and improve its performance. Such data is not collected to be associated with other information regarding, or for the identification of, users; however, such information, by its very nature, may enable the Company to identify users through processing and association with data held by third parties. Browsing data are normally deleted following processing in anonymous form but can be stored and used by the Company to detect and identify perpetrators of any computer offences committed to the detriment of the Website or using the Website. Without prejudice to this possibility and to the provisions of the Cookie Policy the browsing data described above are stored only temporarily, in compliance with law.
Links to other websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website as defined above. Even though the Website may contain links to other websites (known as third party websites), please be informed that the Company does not perform any access or control over cookies, web beacons or other user-tracking technologies that may be active on such third party websites, on the contents and materials published thereon, or on their methods of processing of your personal data; for this reason, the Company expressly declines any liability for such matters. You should therefore verify the privacy policies of such third party websites and collect information about their terms and conditions and about how they process your personal data.
How we store data and for how long
In compliance with Article 5.1.(c) of the GDPR, the computers and programmes used by the Company are set up in such a way to reduce the use of personal and identifying data to a minimum. Such data are processed only to the extent required to achieve the purposes indicated in this Policy, and will be stored for as long as strictly necessary for achievement of the specific purposes pursued - in any event, the criterion used to determine the storage period is based on compliance with time limits permitted by law and the principles of data minimisation, storage limitation or rational management of our records.
How we ensure your personal data’s security and quality
The Company undertakes to ensure security of the user’s personal data and comply with provisions on security provided by law to avoid data loss, illegitimate or unlawful uses of data or unauthorised access to data, with particular but not exclusive reference to Articles 25-32 of the GDPR. The Company uses many types of advanced security technologies and procedures intended to aid protection of the user’s personal data; for example, personal data are stored on secure servers situated on premises with protected and controlled access. The user can assist the Company to update and correct their personal data by communicating any change of address, qualifications, contact information, etc.
Persons who have access to the data
Persons belonging to the following categories are authorised to process the user’s data: technical and administrative staff, IT staff, product managers, etc., as well as other staff members who require processing the data for performance of their job duties.
The Data can be communicated also in countries outside the EU (“Third Countries”) to other companies of the Menarini Group for the same purposes and/or for administrative and accounting purposes pursuant to Article 6.1.(f) and Recital 48 of the GDPR.
Additionally, the Data can be communicated, also in Third Countries, to: (i) institutions, authorities, public bodies for their institutional purposes; (ii) professionals, independent consultants –working individually or in partnerships- and other third parties and providers which supply to the Company commercial, professional or technical services required to operate the Website (e.g., provision of IT and Cloud Computing services) for the purposes specified above and to support the Company with the provision of the services you requested ; (iii) third parties in the event of mergers, acquisitions, transfers of business -or branches thereof-, audits or other extraordinary operations; (iv) the Supervisory Board, based at the Controller’s address, in the pursuit of its supervisory activities and for the enforcement of the Menarini Group Code of Conduct. The mentioned recipients shall only receive the Data necessary for their respective functions and shall duly undertake to process them only for the purposes indicated above and in compliance with data protection laws. The Data can furthermore be communicated to the other legitimate recipients identified from time to time by the applicable laws. With the exception of the foregoing, the Data shall not be shared with third parties, whether legal or natural persons, who do not perform any function of a commercial, professional or technical nature for the Controller and shall not be disseminated. The parties who receive the Data shall perform processing as Data Controller, Processor or persons authorised to process personal data, as the case may be, for the purposes indicated above and in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
Regarding any transfer of Data outside the EU, including in countries whose laws do not guarantee the same level of protection to personal data privacy as that afforded by EU Law, the Controller informs that the transfer shall in any event take place in accordance with the methods permitted by the GDPR, such as, for example, on the basis of the user’s consent, on the basis of the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, by selecting parties enrolled in international programmes for free movement of data (e.g. EU-USA Privacy Shield) or operating in countries considered safe by the European Commission.
Your Rights
You may at any time exercise the rights afforded by Articles 15-22 of the GDPR, including the right to obtain confirmation of the existence of personal data which relate to you, check its content, origin, correctness, location (also with reference to any Third Countries), request a copy, request correction and in cases provided by law, restriction of processing, deletion, oppose to direct contact activities (also limited to particular means of communication). Likewise, you may always withdraw consent and/or make observations on specific issues regarding processing operations of your personal data which you regard as incorrect or unjustified by your relationship with the Company, or lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority.
You may contact the Controller and/or DPO at the addresses displayed above to make any requests regarding personal data processing by the Company, to exercise your legal rights and to obtain an updated list of the parties who have access to your data.
COOKIE POLICY
The website uses cookies to facilitate and personalise the user’s browsing experience; by browsing the Website, the user agrees to the use of cookies in compliance with this document. This notice represents an extension of the cookie notification banner displayed when users first connect to the home page of this Website. There exist two categories of cookies:
- technical cookies: these are necessary for correct functioning of a website and to permit browsing by the user; without these the user may not be able to visualise the pages correctly or to use some services.
- profiling cookies: these are used for creating user profiles to send advertising messages in line with preferences shown by the user during browsing.
Cookies, whether “technical” or “profiling”, can also be classified as:
“session” cookies, which are deleted immediately on closing of the browser;
“persistent” cookies, which remain in the browser for a determinate period of time; these are used, for example, to recognise the device which connects to a website, facilitating user authentication operations;
“own” cookies, generated and managed directly by the operator of the website on which the user is browsing;
“third party” cookies, generated and operated by parties other than the operator of the website on which the user is browsing.
The Website uses “technical” cookies and in particular the following types of cookie:
(i) own cookies, session or persistent, necessary to allow browsing on the Website, for the purpose of internal security and systems administration;
(ii) third party cookies, persistent, used by Website to send statistical information to Google Analytics, by way of which the Company can perform statistical analysis of access/visits to the Website. The cookies used pursue exclusively statistical purposes and collect information in aggregated form. By way of two cookies, one persistent and the other session (expiring on closure of the browser), Google Analytics also saves a register with times of commencement of visits to the Website and exit from same. It is possible to prevent Google from taking the data by way of the cookies and the subsequent formulation of the data by downloading and installing the plug-in for browser from the following address: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=it
(iii) third party cookies, session and persistent, required to enable the user to view multimedia contents available on the Website, as for example images and video;
(iv) third party cookies, persistent, used by the Website to include on its pages the buttons of some social-networks (Facebook, Twitter and Google+). By selecting one of these buttons, users can publish on their own personal social network page the contents of the web page they are visiting;
(v) third party, persistent cookies (exelator.com) which may be used by the third-party company eXelate, part of the Nielsen Group, with the aim of creating a profile of users to target them with personalise ads.
You can choose to which cookies to give your consent. In the case of third party cookies, users shall provide or deny consent directly to the owner of the cookie in question, to which the Company merely refers: most third party cookies present on the website can be disabled by users on their own browser or by consulting directly the sites of the operators using the links indicated in the table below. In any event, we point out that disabling cookies could impair your ability to use the Website and/or prevent you from benefitting in full from the available functions and services.
The following table describes in detail the cookies present on the Website. The link to the privacy policy of the party which generates and manages those cookies is shown alongside each “third party cookie”:
COOKIES
TYPE
PURPOSE
PRIVACY POLICY
Menarini.it
First Party -
Session and persistent
Cookies required to make navigation on the Website possible, for internal security and administration purposes, as well as to memorize the language selected by the user
This document
addthis.com
Third party -persistent
Cookies installed to include in the Website’s pages social network buttons (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Google+.
The cookies in question may, in turn, convey on your PC cookies of third parties, which may also have “profiling” functions. To opt out, and for more information, see the privacy policy of AddThis at the link in the box to the right.
We do not have any control and therefore decline all responsibilities for the third-party cookies conveyed by AddThis cookies.
http://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
facebook.com/help/cookies
support.twitter.com/articles/20170514
https://myaccount.google.com/privacycheckup?pli=1
google.it
google.com
Third Party - persistent
Cookie for the Google Analytics service
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
player.vimeo.com
vimeo.com
vimeocdn.com
Third Party -persistent
Cookie required to view the videos that are available on the Website
https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy
youtube.com
Third party –persistent and session
Cookie required to view the videos that are available on the Website
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
scorecardresearch.com
Third party -persistent
Cookies required to use the interactive map available in the section “Menarini in the World”
http://www.scorecardresearch.com/privacy.aspx?newLanguage=7
exelator.com
Third party -persistent
Cookies which perform “user profiling” actions, designed to carry out “user profiling” activities
http://exelate.com/privacy/opt-in-opt-out/
sirzmek.com
Third party - Persistent
Cookies which perform “user-profiling” actions, designed to carry out “user profiling” activities.
You can opt out at the link indicated in the box on the right
http://www.sizmek.com/about-us/privacy
Instructions for operation of cookies on the various browsers:
Chrome
1. Select the menu on the upper right-hand corner of the browser tool bar
2. Select Settings
3. Select the link Show advanced settings
4. In the section Privacy select Content settings
5. In the section Cookie change the following settings based on the action required for operation of the cookies:
Allow sites to save and read cookie data
6. Keep local data only until you quit your browser
7. Prevent sites from setting any data
8. Block third party cookies and site data
9. Manage exceptions for some Internet sites
10. All cookies and site data
For more information visit the relevant Google page
Mozilla Firefox
1. Click on the menu in the upper right corner of the browser tool bar
2. Select Options
3. Select the Privacy section
4. In the section Tracking, select the appropriate button if you want to communicate to sites your wish not to be tracked
5. In the section History, select from the drop-down menu Use Custom Settings change the following settings depending on the action desired for cookie operation:
Accept cookies from websites (select the appropriate button);
6. Accept third party cookies (select from the drop-down menu one of the following Options: always, from most visited or never);
7. Store them for a set period of time (select from the drop-down menu one of the following Options: until they expire, when Firefox is closed or ask every time);
8. Again, in the History section, select Show cookies if you wish to clear the cookies present on your computer.
For more information visit the relevant Mozilla page
Internet Explorer
1. Click the Tools button
2. Select Internet Options
3. Select Privacy
4. In the scrolling menu, select one of the following options change the following settings according to what you want to do to handle the cookies:
Block all cookies
5. High
6. Medium High
7. Medium
8. Low
9. Accept all the cookies
10. Select specific sites that you will accept cookie from: click “Sites” and in the “Address of Website” box, type a website address then click “Block” or “Allow”
For more information visit the relevant Microsoft page
Safari
1. Open Safari
2. Click on Safari
3. Select Preferences and then click on Privacy
4. In the “Block Cookies” section choose the way Safari should handle cookies.
5. Click on Details to see which websites have stored their cookies
For more information visit the relevant Apple page
Opera
1. Start Opera
2. Select “Settings” in the main menu in the top left-hand corner of the screen
3. Select “Privacy & Security”
4. In the section “Cookies”, select one of the following options:
Allow local storage
5. Keep local data only until I quit my browser
6. Do not permit sites to save any data
7. Block third party cookies and site data
8. By selecting the button “All cookies and site data” you can remove the cookies present on your computer.
For more information visit the relevant Opera pageNETIQUETTE
Terms of use for the social media channels and the online community of A. Menarini I.F.R.
Dear user, thank you for your interest in the social media channels and in the online community of A. Menarini I.F.R. (hereinafter referred to as the ”Company”).
There are number of things you need to know in case you wish to comment or post material on these channels. The mission of the Company is to improve people's lives by providing high quality products to patients. In order to achieve this goal, the Company has the social and moral duty to adopt, support and promote ethically correct behavior in line with the values of integrity, correctness and transparency which have always distinguished them. The Company has adopted these principles and objects to any action and approach which may promote, or even tolerate, behavior which is not in accordance with this. The Company operates in sectors governed by specific provisions; any discussions must therefore be in line with the terms of use set out below.Your data shall be processed in compliance with the applicable law. For more information, clicca qui
Any user who posts a message or replies to one of the posts published on any of the Company's social media channels and online community (the "Channels") agrees to comply with these terms of use, which shall apply in addition to the terms and conditions or any other legal notices provided to the users by the Company or by any companies that own the social platforms and the online communities used.
Whenever possible, the medical and scientific information made available is for informational use only and cannot be considered as professional advice replacing medical intervention or giving any customized treatment indication.
The user acknowledges that, where posting is permitted, any data, texts, graphics, pictures, their selection and arrangement and any other material the user decides to post by using the IT functions and tools of the chosen channel ("Contents") are the sole responsibility of the person who generated them.
Quotations, likes and comments are allowed, whereas discussions concerning products of the Company or of any other pharmaceutical companies, or treatment options, are not allowed.
Management and moderation are entrusted to people in charge of this, who carry out periodic checks on posted messages any working day from 8:30 am to 5:30pm In any case, the user acknowledges that the Company that manages the relevant Channel may not carry out any preventive oversight on the Contents, declining any responsibility for the Contents uploaded, posted or otherwise made available by the users.
Where provided for, the user also acknowledges that the Channel may allow sharing of Contents published with other social networks; the Company that manages the relevant Channel has no control over the subsequent processing of the Contents and refuses any responsibility or liability therefor.
The Company shall use its best efforts to respond to any users’ comments and questions; however, it is not possible to address certain topics, such as any matters directly related to the legal field, confidential information or information concerning medical disorders. If it is not possible to reply to a comment, a private message with the motivation may be sent, where allowed and permitted by the functionality of the chosen Channel.
In any case, it is absolutely forbidden for each user to send messages that include:
profanity, defamation, calumny; offensive, discriminatory or degrading, vulgar, xenophobic contents or any contents harmful to the dignity and sensitivity of others, praising hatred, violence or illegal behaviour;
intellectual and/or industrial property rights of third parties (such as trademarks or logos), or copyrighted materials (such as music, videos, texts) without the express consent from the holders of such rights;
any treatment indications;
political propaganda contents;
off-topic contents, or any contents written to disturb the discussion or offend those who manage and moderate the media channel;
offering medical or otherwise health advice in general;
commercial contents: for example, selling products / services, advertising campaigns, or recruiting fans and followers;
excessively repetitive and/or disturbing contents for the community or spamming;
any matters directly related to the legal field, confidential information or information concerning medical disorders;
any contents that violate the rules of conduct of the chosen Channel.
Furthermore, the user acknowledges that:
posted contents must never mention any drugs or active ingredients of the companies of the Menarini Group or of any other pharmaceutical companies;
as provided for by the regulations in force, under no circumstances may promotional contents relating to drugs be posted;
in no case should any legal proceedings, disputes / pending suits be mentioned;
the user has to obtain, before uploading any information that allows the identification of third parties (such as name, phone number, address, pictures and/or videos in which such third parties are portrayed), their prior consent to the publication and possible sharing via the social media network, it being understood that posting – through the functionalities and the IT tools available on the site – any pictures or Contents that concern a user automatically implies the consent of that user to their diffusion and sharing;
any use or mention of the user Contents or materials transmitted through the Channel's functionalities and IT tools or obtained by the user through said functionalities or IT tools is at the user's own risk.
The Company reserves the right to intervene by eliminating as soon as possible any posts which, at the Company’s discretion, may be deemed not to comply with these terms of use.
The user acknowledges the Company’s right / obligation to implement any measures whereby the competent authorities request the Company to disclose the identity of whoever may have sent said material. In no way shall the Company be liable for any loss or damage caused by, related to or resulting from any Contents posted by you or by other users.
For users who repeatedly violate these terms of use or the rules of conduct of the Channel used, the Company reserves the right (where technically allowed) to use ban or block to prevent further interventions and to report the user to the administrators of the social platform.
The Company may provide links or references to websites as part of the social content; however, the Company accepts no responsibility for the accuracy or content of such sites and is not liable for any damage resulting from such content.
By posting on any of the Channels managed by the Company, users acknowledge and agree that their posts and any ideas, techniques or contents may be freely used by the Company in any way and on any media, including on forums, on any other websites and social media pages of the Company, as well as in its business activity. As a result, users are encouraged not to submit ideas, materials or contents about which they wish to maintain confidentiality or for which they expect to receive a consideration.
Please do not use this channel to report adverse events or side effects of drugs. In case of side effects or adverse reactions following the use of a product of the Company, you should consult your doctor, pharmacist or any other healthcare professional immediately. You can report any adverse reaction directly to the Company and the competent authorities at the following linkPRIVACY NOTICE FOR SOCIAL NETWORK USERS - ART. 14 REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”)
This privacy notice describes how A. Menarini I.F.R., (“Menarini”), Via Sette Santi, 1 - 50131 Florence (Italy) , processes your personal data when you use your profile on the social network such as, by way of example, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Instagram, or LinkedIn and similar networks or portals (also “Social Networks”) to interact with Menarini’s profile/pages on those Social Networks, or surf Menarini’s websites while logged in to those Social Networks.
This document only addresses the personal data processing operations carried out by Menarini: your data are in fact collected and processed in the first place by the Social Network on which you have a profile (which acts as “Data Controller” of your personal data), and only if you interact with Menarini’s social accounts, pages and or websites, will Menarini access to and process a small portion of the data about yourself held by the Social Network. Menarini is an “independent Data Controller” in respects to the personal data about you received from the relevant Social Network: this means that Social Networks and Menarini autonomously decide the purposes and methods with which they process the personal data about you they respectively access.
The processing operations carried out by Menarini are described here below. If you are interested in knowing how Social Networks process your data, we invite you to read the Privacy Policies available via your Social Network profile(s).
If you interact with Menarini’s account/page/profile on the Social Network (“Page”), Menarini may process the following personal data about yourself, inferred from your profile:
name, surname, username and other biographical and professional information, age, gender, information voluntarily made public by you or shared via the Social Network by means of posts or other functionalities; your activities on the social network on Menarini’s Page and on the Social Networks, such as “likes”, comments, public posts, tags and hashtags; content of private messages addressed to Menarini.
Moreover, the Social Network – if  you provided your consent via your Social Network profile and browser’s settings - may make available to Menarini additional information about activities and preferences you expressed when surfing the internet. This information may also be collected with instruments such as cookies, web beacons and pixel tags: for more information, we invite you to check your browser settings, your Social Network profile settings or the policies of the websites you visit. Please be informed that when said instruments are used on Menarini websites, the relevant details are provided in the respective cookie and privacy policies.  We clarify that if you have logged in to your account on the Social Network and surf on the internet with the same device, Menarini may be able to detect some of the information connected to your Social Network Profile, such as age group, “likes”, etc., and in some cases also to identify you.
Your data will be processed for the following purposes:
- answer your posts, requests and queries, and enable you to take part in the activities performed via the Page; manage and optimise the Page’s content, perform statistical analyses and market research on the users who interact with the Page or our websites
- to fulfil its legal obligations, as well as to clear its obligations pertaining to the protection of public health, which require the monitoring, follow-up and reporting to the authorities/other bodies (licensors, licencees, etc.) any information about actual or potential adverse events related to the use of Menarini’s products.
- ensure you comply with the Netiquette; enforce Menarini’s legal rights; enforce Menarini’s Code of Ethics and Group Code of Conduct. - carry out promotional campaigns pertaining to Menarini’s activities, products or services (in compliance with the applicable laws on promotional activities of health-related products and services) by means of Menarini’s Social Network account, including by sending ads or messages
- sending you targeted ads (“profiling”) pertaining to the activities, products and services outlined at the previous bullet point.
- regarding user data collected in connection with job openings published by Menarini via the Social Networks, assessing and/or establishing a professional relationship.
In case you publish data pertaining to third parties, it is your responsibility to clear any requirements pertaining to information and consent collection, in compliance with the applicable data protection laws.
Regarding your consent to the processing of the data about yourself that Menarini receives via your Social Network profile, we clarify that: (i) the relevant consents are conferred by you when you register with the Social Networks, and you may personalise them at any time (Menarini does not, however, control these operations in any way –they are managed entirely by the Social Networks); (ii) data processed by Menarini are those made available by the Social Network: this means Menarini is not responsible for any unauthorised disclosure of information by the Social Network or for the receipt of unwanted ads/messages, in breach of the options you have selected.
Your Data will be processed mainly electronically, and will be entered in its IT systems in compliance with the applicable data privacy laws, including data security and confidentiality aspects, in line with the principles of lawfulness and fairness. Data will be stored for as long as strictly necessary to achieve the specific purposes pursued - in any event, the criterion used to determine the storage period is based on compliance with time limits permitted by law and the principles of data minimisation, storage limitation or rational management of our archives.
Menarini’s staff belonging to the following categories are authorised to process the user’s data: technical and administrative staff, IT staff, product managers, internal audit and compliance as well as other staff members who require processing the data for performance of their job duties.
The Data can be communicated also in foreign countries and/or outside the EU (“Third Countries”) to other companies of the Menarini Group (also located abroad) for administrative and accounting purposes
Additionally, the Data can be communicated, also in Third Countries, to Menarini’s Supervisory Body, to third-party companies, such as providers and sub-providers of IT and Cloud Computing services, networking service providers which manage Menarini’s Pages and companies that carry out consulting activities (e.g., tax, administrative, etc.) on Menarini’s behalf, institutions, authorities, public bodies for their institutional purposes, based on the applicable law; third parties in case of audits, mergers and acquisitions (also abroad). Recipients shall process data for the purposes indicated above and in compliance with the applicable laws.
Regarding any transfer of Data outside the EU, including in countries whose laws do not guarantee the same level of protection to personal data privacy as that afforded by EU Law, the Controller informs that the transfer shall in any event take place in accordance with the methods permitted by the GDPR, such as, for example, on the basis of the user’s consent, on the basis of the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, by selecting parties enrolled in international programmes for free movement of data (e.g. EU-USA Privacy Shield) or operating in countries considered safe by the European Commission.
By contacting the Data Protection Officer of Menarini, who may be reached at the email address dpo@menarini.com (please replace “at” with “@” and “dot” with “.”), you may exercise the rights afforded by arts. 15-22 GDPR, including: obtain confirmation of the existence of personal data which relate to you, check its content, origin, correctness, location (also with reference to any Third Countries), request a copy, request correction and in cases provided by law, restriction of processing, deletion, oppose to direct contact activities (also limited to particular means of communication). Likewise, you may always express any concern you may have about the processing of your data or lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority. To withdraw the consent(s) you conferred to Social Networks you need to address your request directly to the Social Networks themselves. INFORMATIVA PER IL TRATTAMENTO DI DATI PERSONALI DEI SIGNORI FARMACISTI EX D.LGS. 30 GIUGNO 2003 N. 196 CONSOLIDATO (“CODICE PRIVACY”)
AVAILABLE ONLY IN ITALIAN LANGUAGEINFORMATIVA PRIVACY ALLA CLASSE MEDICA
AVAILABLE ONLY IN ITALIAN LANGUAGEINFORMATIVA PRIVACY DEL CONTACT CENTRE “CUSTOMER COMPLAINT MANAGEMENT” (N° TEL. 800-999760) DI A. MENARINI IFR SRL, RESA AI SENSI DELL’ART. 13 REGOLAMENTO (UE) 2016/679 (“REGOLAMENTO”)
AVAILABLE ONLY IN ITALIAN LANGUAGEDATA PRIVACY - FOR GROUP COMPANIES THAT DO NOT HAVE A LOCAL WEBISITE
Read more...PRIVACY NOTICE OF SUPPLIERS
Privacy notice under Articles 13 and 14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“Regulation”) on the Processing of Personal Data of Suppliers and Data SubjectsFor the purposes of this document, the following definitions shall apply:- Supplier: the natural or legal person with whom or which the Menarini Group Companies currently have a contractual or pre-contractual relationship (customers, suppliers, partners, etc.);- Data Subjects: employees, associate workers, and natural persons who either act in the name and on behalf of the Counterparty to the Contract or in any case interact with the Menarini Group Companies for reasons connected with the negotiation, execution and performance of the contractual or pre-contractual relationship.1. Data Controller and DPOThe personal data concerning Suppliers and Data Subjects will be processed by the Menarini Group Company with which the Supplier has entered into the contractual/pre-contractual relationship, which will act as the Data Controller (“Data Controller”).The Data Controller can be contacted at the address of its registered office, as indicated on the respective website and in the contractual documentation. The Data Protection Officer (“Data Protection Officer” or “DPO”) can be contacted at the following e-mail address: dpo@menarini.it2. Types of data to be processedThe Data Controller will process the personal data:- of the Supplier, if it is a natural person: identifying data (name, surname, etc.), contact details, tax and banking data;- of Data Subjects: only data collected in relation to the existing contractual/pre-contractual relationship and which are necessary for the negotiation, execution and performance thereof, such as identifying data and contact data for business use (e.g. mobile phone number, e-mail address, other contact details as contact person of the contractual relationship).Processing will be carried out on the data provided directly by the Data Subjects or by the Supplier.3. Purpose, legal basis and optionality of the processingPersonal data will only be processed for purposes related to the negotiation, execution and performance of the contractual or pre-contractual relationship, to fulfil specific legal obligations, or to defend a right in court.The legal bases for the abovementioned purposes are respectively Articles 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c) and 6(1)(f) of the Regulation.The provision of personal data for the purposes indicated above is optional. However, if personal data are not provided, it will not be possible to establish a contractual or pre-contractual relationship with the Data Controller.4. Recipients and transfer of personal dataPersonal data may only be accessible to the staff of the Data Controller duly authorised to process them, and especially to the staff of the administration bodies and other persons who need to process them in the performance of their duties. The Data may be transferred, also in non-EU countries (“Third Countries”), to: (i) institutions, authorities, public bodies for their institutional purposes; (ii) third parties and providers used by the Data Controller for the provision of services necessary to pursuit the above purposes; (iii) third parties in the event of mergers, acquisitions, sale of a business or business unit, audits or other extraordinary operations; (iv) the corporate bodies and companies of the Menarini Group – domiciled at the Data Controller’s offices – responsible for the pursuit of supervisory activities and the application of the Code of Conduct of the Menarini Group; and (v) other Menarini Group Companies for the same purposes as indicated above and/or for administrative and accounting purposes, in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) and Recitals 47 and 48 of the Regulation.The persons receiving the Data shall process them as Data Controllers, Data Processors or authorised processors for the purposes indicated above and in compliance with the applicable law on personal data.With regard to the possible transfer of Data to Third Countries, the Data Controller represents that the processing will be carried out in accordance with one of the methods permitted by applicable law, such as, without limitation, the consent of the Data Subject, the adoption of Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, the selection of subjects participating in international programmes for the free movement of data (e.g. EU-USA Privacy Shield) or operating in countries considered safe by the European Commission.5. Retention of personal dataPersonal Data will be kept only for the time necessary for the purposes for which they were collected, in accordance with the principle of data minimisation referred to in Article 5(1)(c) of the Regulation. The Data Controller may store some data even after the termination of the contractual relationship, for the time necessary to fulfil any contractual and legal obligations.6. RightsData subjects may obtain from the Data Controller, at any time, access to personal data; rectification or erasure of personal data; restriction of the processing and portability in the cases provided for by the Regulation. Data subjects may object to the processing of personal data pursuant to Article 21 of the Regulation. Requests must be addressed in writing to the Data Controller or to the DPO at the contact details indicated above. Data subjects may lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority pursuant to Article 77 of the GDPR, if they believe that the processing of their data infringes the legislation in force.
DIAGNOSTICS
Advanced Technology
READ MORE »
BIOTECH
Menarini has been the Italian leader in the biotech industry for 30 years.
READ MORE »
INNOVATION AND RESEARCH
Constant commitment to new drug research.
READ MORE »
MENARINI PILLS OF ART
Concession granted by Italian Ministry for Cultural Heritage and Activities
Read more
Home Page
Our Group
Menarini News
Values
Innovation & research
Therapy and Wellness
Careers
Quality
Ethics and Compliance
Contact Us
SGS
Farmacovigilanza
Privacy
Cookie Policy
Netiquette
Terms and condition
Sitemap
A. Menarini Industrie Farmaceutiche Riunite Srl
Via Dei Sette Santi 1/3 50131 Firenze Italia, Tel. (055) 56.80.1 Fax (055) 58.27.71
P.IVA e Numero di iscrizione registro imprese: 00395270481
Ufficio del registro delle imprese: Firenze
Capitale: € 150.000.000 I.V., Capitale risultante dall'ultimo bilancio: € 150.000.000
© 2020 The Menarini Group - All rights reserved