https://www.tronox.com/terms-of-use/
Terms Of Use
Welcome – Tronox Incorporated (“Tronox”) offers this website (the “site”) to you subject to the following terms and conditions. Your use of this site constitutes your agreement to abide by each of the terms set forth below. If you do not agree with any of these terms, please do not use this site.
Intellectual Property Rights
The information published on this site is provided as a convenience to the user and for informational purposes only. The text and graphics of this site are copyrighted. Subject to the terms and conditions outlined below, users are permitted to make a single copy of materials posted on this site for personal, noncommercial use. Every copy made for such use shall include the following copyright notice: “©2005-2018 Tronox Limited. All rights reserved.”
Disclaimer of Warranties
Tronox provides the information on this site on an “as is” and “as available” basis, without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. Without limiting the foregoing, Tronox specifically disclaims any and all warranties, including, but not limited to (i) any warranties concerning the availability, accuracy, completeness, appropriateness, reliability, timeliness or usefulness of the content of this site and (ii) any warranties of title, warranty of non-infringement, warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or warranties arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice. This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injuries occurring as a result of: (i) any error, omission, deletion or defect in the content or (ii) any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of records, unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence, defamation, or any other cause of action. Tronox does not warrant or guarantee: (i) that any portion of this site will be free of infection by viruses, worms, trojan horses, or anything else manifesting destructive properties or (ii) that access to this site will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Tronox be liable to any party for; (i) any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary, consequential (including, but not limited to, damages for businessinterruption, loss of business profits, loss of programs or loss of information), or any other damages arising in any way out of the availability, use, reliance on, or inability to use the materials in this site, even if Tronox or a Tronox authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages; or (ii) any claim attributable to errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies in, or destructive properties of the site. User further agrees to defend, indemnify and hold Tronox harmless for any loss or liability that may result from use of this site.
Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this site regarding Tronox’s or its management’s intentions, beliefs or expectations, or that otherwise speak to future events, are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1993, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements include those statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “estimates,” “projects,” “target,” “budget,” “goal,” “plans,” “objective,” “outlook,” “should,” or similar words. In addition, any statements regarding possible commerciality, development plans, capacity expansions, future cash flows and changes in any of the foregoing are forward-looking statements. Future results and developments discussed in these statements may be affected by numerous factors and risks, such as the accuracy of the assumptions that underlie the statements, the market value of Tronox’s products, the financial resources of competitors, changes in laws and regulations, the ability to respond to challenges in international markets (including changes in currency exchange rates), political or economic conditions in areas where Tronox operates, trade and regulatory matters, general economic conditions, and other factors and risks identified in the Risk Factors section of Tronox’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and other SEC filings. Actual results and developments may differ materially from those expressed or implied on this site. Tronox does not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the forward looking information.
Third-Party Links
You may be able to link to third parties’ websites (“linked sites”) from the Tronox site. Linked sites are not, however, reviewed, controlled or examined by Tronox in any way, and, except as required by law, Tronox is not responsible for the content, availability, advertising, products or other materials of any such linked sites, or any additional links contained therein. These links do not imply Tronox’s endorsement of or association with the linked sites. It is your responsibility to comply with the appropriate terms of service of the linked sites as well as with any other obligation under copyright, secrecy, defamation, decency, privacy, security and export laws related to the use of such linked sites and any content contained thereon. You should be aware that the privacy policies at the linked sites may be different from the privacy policy governing the Tronox site. It is your responsibility to read and adhere to the privacy policies of the linked sites. Tronox shall not be responsible for the use of any information that you may submit to the linked sites. Further, in no event shall Tronox be liable, directly or indirectly, to anyone for any loss or damage arising from or occasioned by the creation or use of the linked sites or the information or material accessed through these linked sites. You should direct any concerns to the administrators or webmasters of these respective linked sites. Tronox reserves the exclusive right, at its sole discretion, to add, change, decline or remove, without notice, any feature or link to any of the linked sites from the Tronox site and/or introduce different features or links to different users.
Translation
All or a portion of this site may be translated for the convenience of our users. Translation of this site may be imprecise and inaccurate in whole or in part. This site has been designed with the intention of being read in English, and the English version will be controlling in all instances. Your access to and use of any translation associated with this site shall be at your own risk. While reasonable efforts are made to provide an accurate translation, no liability and no responsibility are assumed by Tronox for any errors, omissions, or ambiguities in the translations or other information provided on this site.
Use of Information
Tronox is committed to honoring the privacy and security of users of this site. We collect information to process your inquiries or transactions and to help us provide a better level of service. We do not provide your information to anyone. Tronox strives to protect the security and confidentiality of the information we collect. We urge you to read the following sections.
Personally Identifiable Information
When you submit a request or electronically pass information to Tronox, you are sometimes asked to provide certain personal information. We ask for this personally identifiable information in order to facilitate your requests, provide personalized service and communicate separately with you. We do not provide your personally identifiable information to any third parties outside of Tronox.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive to enable you to more easily communicate and interact with a website. We may use cookies to allow you to use our site more easily and to allow us to keep track of certain statistical information that helps us improve our site. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You may, however, disallow reception of cookies at any time by resetting your web browser. Tronox does not use cookies to retrieve information from a computer that is unrelated to this site or your interaction with this site.
Internet Protocol Address
We may use your Internet Protocol address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer this site. Your Internet Protocol address is used to help identify you for the duration of a session and to gather broad demographic information. This information will not be provided to any third party.
Click Stream Data
As you browse the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each website you visit. This information, which is sometimes called “click stream” data, can be collected and stored by a website’s server. Click stream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the website from which you linked to the Tronox site. We may use click stream data to determine how much time users spend on each page of this site and how they navigate through this site. We will only use this information to improve this site.
Consent to Processing
By providing any information to this site, all users fully understand and consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States.
Legal Disclosure
Tronox may, pursuant to valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order, allow access to information, including personally identifiable information, provided to this site in order to comply with such process and to protect our rights and property.
Children
This site is not directed or targeted to children. Tronox will not knowingly collect information from children. Because our software does not automatically distinguish users under 18 from other users, Tronox advises users under 18 years of age to obtain the consent of a parent, guardian, teacher, librarian or other responsible party before making use of this site.