https://www.siretta.com/privacy-policy-gdpr/
About Siretta
Contact Siretta
Where to Buy
Request For Quote
Siretta Blogs
Latest News
Testimonials
Events
Privacy Policy / GDPR
Privacy Policy / GDPRSiretta Limited
Privacy Notice & Cookies Policy At Siretta, we are committed to ensuring that all and any personal data received by us is recorded, used and stored in line with regulatory and statutory requirements and that such information will only be retained for as long as it is required in order to undertake agreed activities between us. Visitors to our Website Maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site is of vital importance. Here you’ll find information on how we treat the data we collect from visitors to our website. When someone visits www.siretta.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. You can find more information on how cookies are used on this website in the Cookies Policy below. If we do wish to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will provide notice of this in order that you will be able to provide permission regarding the use of your personal data. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it. Newsletter and information email Sign Up As part of the registration process for our newsletters and information emails, we collect personal information. We use that information for several reasons: to tell you about products & services you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to periodically check that you’re happy and satisfied in your dealings with us. We don’t refer, rent or trade email lists with any other organisations or businesses. We do not use a third-party provider to deliver our newsletters and information emails – we do this directly from our own database of contacts that have expressly signed up to receive our information. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our information provision. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails. Links to Other Web Sites This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site to other websites. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you’ll need to check that site’s privacy statement. Access to Your Personal Information Where we collect user information you are entitled to delete the personal information that we hold on file. Email your request to our data protection officer Robert Wardle Changes to this Privacy Notice We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on the 3rd November 2020. Cookies Policy We use a system of classifying the different types of cookies which we use on the Website, or which may be used by third parties through our websites. The classification was developed by the International Chamber of Commerce UK and explains more about which cookies we use, why we use them, and the functionality you will lose if you decide you don’t want to have them on your device. What is a cookie? Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. How long are cookies stored for? Persistent cookies – these cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie. Session cookies – these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted. Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Contact us for more information
Find out more or ring +44 1189 769000
Site PagesAbout Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy / GDPR
Terms and Conditions
Certifications / Approvals
Distributor Portal
Product Search
Product CategoriesIndustrial Modems Industrial Routers Cellular Network Analysers Antennas RF Cables
RF Accessories
Contact UsSiretta Limited Basingstoke Road Spencers Wood Reading RG7 1PW United Kingdom
Tel: +44 1189 769000 Email: sales@siretta.com
Recent Activity
How do I find the right location?
SNYPER-LTE Graphyte is instrumental for Stadtwerke’s smart meter rollout
Circuit Switched vs Packet Switched Networks
Incoming and Outgoing Data Socket Connections
Circuit Switched Dialup (CSD) Migration to LTE
© 2020 Siretta - Enabling Industrial IoT. | Company Number 0840 5712 | VAT Number GB 163 040 349
Products
Product Search Product Range Overview Industrial Modems
2G / GPRS Mobile Network
Entry Level GPRS Modem (GL) Entry Level GPRS Modem with GNSS (GL)
LTE Cat 1 Mobile Network
Ultra Low Power LTE Cat 1 (EU) Low Power LTE Cat 1 (EU)
LTE Cat 4 Mobile Network
High Performance LTE Cat 4 Modem with GPIO Low Power LTE Cat 4 European Modem with GPIO Low Power LTE Cat 4 European Modem with GPIO and GNSS
LTE Cat M Mobile Network
Ultra Low Power LTE Cat M (EU) Ultra Low Power LTE Cat M (GL) Low Power LTE Cat M (GL) with GPIO
LTE NB IoT Mobile Network
Ultra Low Power LTE Cat NBIoT (EU) Ultra Low Power LTE Cat NBIoT (GL) Low Power LTE Cat NBIoT (GL) with GPIO
Modem Accessories
ZETA Modem Starter Kits ZETA Modem DIN Rail Industrial IoT SIM Solutions
Modem Archive
Mid Level UMTS Modem (GL) Mid Level UMTS Modem with GNSS (GL)
Modem Application Notes Modem Selector Tool
Industrial Routers
3G / UMTS Router Network
Ultra Compact UMTS Router (EU) Dual Port Compact UMTS Router (EU) High Performance UMTS Router (EU)
4G / LTE Router Network
Ultra Compact LTE Router (EU) Dual Port Compact LTE Router (EU) High Performance LTE Router (EU) Network WAN Backup Industrial LTE Router (EU)
Router Application Notes Router Selector Tool
Cellular Network Analysers
4G / LTE Analyser Network
SIM Free – Single Survey LTE Analyser (EU) SIM Free – Single Survey LTE Analyser (USA) SIM Free – Multiple Survey LTE Analyser (EU) SIM Free – Continuous Survey LTE Logger (EU) SIM Free – Continuous Survey LTE Logger (USA)
LTE Cat M Analyser Network
SIM Free – Continuous Survey LTE Cat M Logger (GL)
CloudSURVEY Mapping Portal Analyser Archive
Single Survey UMTS Analyser (GL) Multiple Survey UMTS Analyser (GL)
Analyser Application Notes Analyser Selector Tool
Antennas
Antenna Application Notes Antenna Selector Tool
RF Cables
Pigtail Cables
Pigtail Cable Selector
Patch Cables
Patch Cable Selector
Extension Cables
Extension Cable Selector
RF Accessories
Applications
Case Studies
Metric Parking Case Study Electric Vehicle Charging Door Entry Systems Traffic Management Hospitality & Access Control Car Park Machines HIV Early Diagnosis System
Automation
Home Automation Energy Management Factory Automation
Transportation
Electric Car Charging Car Parking Payment Distribution Control System Traffic Flow Control Mobile Data
Security
Door Entry Systems CCTV Security System Access Control
Utilities
Remote Printing Remote Device Connection Temperature Logging Utilities Management
Low Power
Low Power Solar Monitoring
Retail Solutions
Support
Product Comparison Tool Modem Setup Guides Modem Application Notes Router Application Notes Analyser Application Notes Antenna Application Notes Modem Selector Tool Router Selector Tool Analyser Selector Tool Antenna Selector Tool
Downloads
Brochures Product Packs E-Books Document Library Software Library Design Resources
Thought Leadership
2G vs NB-IoT & LTE Cat M 3G vs LTE Cat 1 Narrow band vs cellular IoT solutions The 2G/3G sun set as 5G rises even higher 2G or not 2G Antenna radiation plots and their meaning Cellular antenna installation and placement Considerations when choosing industrial or consumer grade modems and routers? Antenna IP Ratings In Practice
About Siretta Contact Siretta Where to Buy Request For Quote Siretta Blogs Latest News Testimonials Events Privacy Policy / GDPR
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you accept our privacy policy.Accept PolicyView Privacy policy