https://www.nomadnz.com/privacy-policy/
(+64) 274 742211
Mon-Sat 08.00 - 18.00
Home
Campervan Listings
About Us
FAQs
News
Contact Us
Request a Quote
Privacy Policy
Planning your journey? Here are some of our most commonly asked questions.
Nomad Campervans Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy?
The internet offers the chance to collect information about site users. This information can be personally identifiable information or aggregated information. However your privacy is important to us at Nomad Campervan Rentals and we want to be sure that you fully understand the terms and conditions relating to the way in which we collect information and the use of that information. This Privacy Policy tells you what information we collect, what we do with it and your rights to view, correct or change it.
The Information That We Collect?
Nomad Campervan Rentals operates the website www.nomadnz.com. As part of our operations we may gather certain types of information about the users of our sites:
1. Personally Identifiable Information. This is provided by you when you make an enquiry via email, enquiry form or booking form for services that we offer. Providing this information will always be optional for you. However, some services may not be available to you if you chose not to provide it.
2. Aggregated Data. This information is generated by our systems as they track traffic through our sites. This information does not identify you personally and is not linked to the personally identifiable information that you may have provided.
What Else We Do with The Personally Identifiable Information?
We have collected this information in order to provide the best possible service to you while you are visiting our sites. To this end we may use the information that you provide for the following purposes:
1. To process any transactions that you might make on our site.
2. To help provide any other services that you have requested.
3. To offer the most relevant information suitable to your interests.
4. For any marketing, promotional, publicity, direct marketing or market research that we might undertake.
5. For any other purposes for which you have given permission.
What About Cookies?
A cookie is a small file that resides on your computer and is recognised by our server when you visit our sites. A cookie does not provide us with any personally identifiable information. It does provide details of your IP address, the computer platform that you use (e.g. Mac or Windows), the browser that you use (e.g. Microsoft Explorer or Netscape) and what domain you are accessing our sites from. With this information we can do the following:
1. Track traffic patterns to our site.
2. Ensure that the most relevant content is being shown.
If you would rather we did not use cookies with you, you can refuse them by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You will still be able to visit our sites.
Security?
When we collect personal information reasonable steps are taken to keep that information secure and to protect that information from misuse or loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. Please note however that total security of data transmission over the internet cannot be guaranteed as being completely secure. Hence, we cannot guarantee and we do not warrant the security of information transmitted to us over the internet and you acknowledge that you do so at your own risk.
Credit Card Payments?
eWAY is our chosen payment gateway provider for processing your credit card payment. eWAY secures all your customer and credit-card data with military-grade software and servers, and the highest level of encryption available.
eWAY is tier-one PCI DSS compliant—as externally audited by Stratsec (QSA)—ensuring the highest security standards set by Visa and MasterCard https://eway.io/docs/compliance-docs/eway-pci-compliance-certificate-uk.pdf
eWAY adds world-class SSL certification to our shopping cart, safe guarding your booking transaction.
What About Our Advertisers and Business Partners?
This Privacy Policy only relates to our sites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the practices of our advertisers or business partners. Our site may contain links to other sites. You should check their privacy policies before providing personally identifiable information to them or any other third party.
Opting In and Opting Out?
You will always have the option to opt in to certain services and to opt out of those services at any stage. This means you may change your mind at any stage about participating in any of our services.
Can We Change This Policy?
In order to reflect the fact that our business is growing constantly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time.
Your Right to Access Your Information?
The Privacy Act of 1993 gives you the right to access and correct this information. To find out more about how to do this, please contact us.
Error: Please check if you enter Instagram username and Access Token in Theme Setting > Social Profiles
Can’t Find Answer? Ask Us
Your Name*
Your Email*
Subject
Your Message
For More Information
(+64) 274-742211
Free Phone (Within New Zealand) : 0800 12 68 68
mitchell@nomadnz.com
reservations@nomadnz.com
Monday – Saturday 8.00 – 18.00 Sunday by arrangement
Proudly 100% New Zealand Owned & Operated
Connect to Us
Contact Info
(+64) 274742211
Free Phone (Within New Zealand) : 0800 12 68 68
reservations@nomadnz.com
Monday – Saturday 8.00 – 18.00 Sunday by arrangement
Newsletter
Don't miss a thing! Sign up to receive discount offers
First Name
Last Name
Interest
Biking NZ
Hiking NZ
Fishing NZ
Other
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
© Nomad Campervans Ltd