https://www.webershandwick.com/privacy-policy/#contactus
Protecting your privacy
Effective Date: September 9, 2020
IPG DXTRA, Inc. d/b/a Weber Shandwick (“Agency”) respects your concerns about privacy. This Website Privacy Notice describes the types of information we collect about individuals on http://www.webershandwick.com (the “Site”), how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the choices available regarding our use of the information. The Website Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to safeguard personal information, how long we retain it, and how individuals can contact us about our privacy practices and to exercise their rights.
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:
Information We Obtain
Information You Provide
Information We Receive About You from Other Sources
Automated Collection of Information
Third-Party Web Analytics Services
Interest-Based Advertising
How We Use Personal Information
Personal Information Sharing
Cross-Border Transfer
Your Rights and Choices
Other Online Services and Third-Party Features
Retention of Personal Information
How We Protect Personal Information
Children’s Personal Information
Updates to Our Website Privacy Notice
How to Contact Us
Additional Information Regarding the EEA
Information We Obtain
Information You Provide
We collect and store personal information (such as name and other contact details) that you choose to provide to us through the Site or when you contact us. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. The types of personal information we collect includes:
Contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, and telephone number; and
Other personal information you may submit to us, such as when you contact us.
Information We Receive About You from Other Sources
We receive your Personal Information from other sources, such as publicly available databases and providers of demographic information.
Automated Collection of Information
When you use the Site, we obtain certain information by automated means, such as browser cookies, beacons, device identifiers, server logs, and other technologies.
The information we obtain in this manner may include your:
Device IP address,
Domain name,
Identifiers associated with your devices,
Device and operating system type and characteristics,
Web browser characteristics,
Language preferences,
Clickstream data,
Your interactions with the Site (such as the web pages you visit, links you click, and features you use),
The pages that led or referred you to the Site,
Dates and times of access to the Site, and
Other information about your use of the Site.
You can view more information on how we obtain certain information by automated means in our Cookie Notice.
Third-Party Web Analytics Services
We use third-party online analytics services, such as Google Analytics. The service providers that administer these analytics services use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Site and report on activities and trends and diagnose technical issues. To learn more about Google’s practices, please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Interest-Based Advertising though Advertising Networks
You may see our ads on other websites or mobile apps because we participate in advertising networks such as Google Adwords. Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users based on demographic data, users’ inferred interests, location, and browsing context. These networks track users’ online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of browser cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, server logs, and other similar technologies on the Site and on third-party websites and apps. The networks use this information to show ads that may be tailored to individuals’ interests, to track users’ browsers or devices across multiple websites and apps, and to build a profile of users’ online browsing and app usage activities. The information our ad networks collect through users’ use of the Site includes data about users’ visits to the Site and this is matched to information about users’ visits to other websites and apps that participate in the relevant ad networks, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on the websites or apps.
To learn how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising in the U.S., please visit www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. In the European Union, please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu.
How We Use Personal Information
We use the Personal Information we obtain on the Site for legitimate business purposes, including to:
Provide our services to you; process, evaluate, and respond to your requests and inquiries; and send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or to comply with a legal obligation.
Market our services to you. We will engage in this activity with your consent or where we have a legitimate interest.
Operate, evaluate, and improve our business (including developing new services; enhancing and improving our services; analyzing our services; managing our communications; performing data analytics and market research; and performing accounting, auditing, and other internal functions). We will engage in these activities to comply with a legal obligation and/or because we have a legitimate interest.
Protect against, identify, and prevent fraud, security breaches, and other criminal activity and risks. We will engage in these activities to comply with a legal obligation and/or because we have a legitimate interest.
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, and our policies, including this Website Privacy Notice and/or Agency’s Terms and Conditions or Terms of Use. We will engage in these activities to comply with a legal obligation and/or because we have a legitimate interest.
Aggregate and/or anonymize Personal Information so that it will no longer be considered personal information. We do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose.
Personal Information Sharing
We share your Personal Information with:
The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (“IPG”) agencies or companies, for the purposes described in this Website Privacy Notice. You can consult the list and location of such entities here.
Our service providers who perform services on our behalf, such as hosting this Site or data analytics. We do not authorize our service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
We also disclose information about you (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena), including laws outside your country of residence; (2) in response to requests by, or cooperate with, government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, including outside of your country of residence; (3) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights; (4) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; (6) in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution, or liquidation); or (7) otherwise with your consent.
Cross-Border Transfer
Your personal information may be processed and stored in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and, by using the Site, you understand your information may be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal information.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (“EEA”): Some non-EEA countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available here). For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, we have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission to protect your personal information. You may obtain a copy of the EU’s Standard Contractual Clauses here.
Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you. If you would like to request to review, correct, update, suppress, restrict, or delete personal information, to object to the processing of personal information, or to receive an electronic copy of your personal information for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent these rights are provided to you by applicable law), please contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section of this Website Privacy Notice. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your information. To the extent permitted by applicable law, a charge may apply before we provide you with a copy of any of your personal information that we maintain.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing mailing lists by following the “Unsubscribe” link in our marketing emails. If you would like to unsubscribe from any other type of marketing you receive from us, please contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section of this Website Privacy Notice.
Other Online Services and Third-Party Features
The Site may provide links to other online services and websites for your convenience and information, and may include third-party features such as apps, tools, widgets, and plug-ins (e.g., LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter buttons). These services and websites may operate independently from us. The privacy practices of these third parties, including details on the information they collect about you, are subject to their own privacy statements. To the extent any linked online services or third-party features are not owned or controlled by us, Agency is not responsible for these third parties’ information or other practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain personal information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purposes for which we obtained it and consistent with applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Site or our services to you;
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; and
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitation, litigation, or regulatory investigations).
How We Protect Personal Information
We seek to use reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect personal information within our organization. We hold our employees accountable for complying with policies, procedures, and regulations regarding the protection and confidentiality of personal information. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the How to Contact Us section of this Website Privacy Notice.
Children’s Personal Information
The Site is designed for a general audience and is not directed to children under the age of 16. Agency does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16 through the Site.  If you believe that a child under the age of 16 may have provided us with personal information through the Site, please contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section of this Website Privacy Notice.
Updates to Our Website Privacy Notice
This Website Privacy Notice will be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Website Privacy Notice on the Site.
How to Contact Us
Weber Shandwick, located at 909 Third Avenue, New York, NY 10022, is the company responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information under this Website Privacy Notice.
If you wish to exercise any of your privacy rights, or if you wish to contact us in relation to this Privacy Notice or any privacy matter, including our use of your personal information, please use the following contact details:
ATTN: VP SOCIAL AND DIGITAL MARKETING
privacy@webershandwick.com
Or for any query or issue, our Data Protection Officers for the UK and the EU can be contacted via post or email using the following details:
UK DPO or EU DPO
Interpublic Group Limited
66 Prescot Street
London E1 8 HG
For the UK: UK.DPO@interpublic.com
For the EU: GDPR.DPO@interpublic.com
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. A list of data protection authorities is available here.
Privacy & Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allow Weber Shandwick to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please click here to learn more about the cookies used on this website and how to change current settings if you do not agree. By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies.
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies for various purposes, including to enhance the site’s functionality, and help us understand how you use and interact with the website. To learn more about the cookies used and your choices, please see the Privacy Notice. Please indicate below whether you agree to the use of cookies for the purposes described above:
Yes
No