http://www.ploughmen.co.uk/privacy-policy
Membership & enquiries call 01302 852469
MenuAbout Us
History of the Plough
British National Ploughing Championships
JoinEvents
2021 British National Ploughing Championships
Results
World Ploughing Contests
European Ploughing Championships
British National Ploughing Championships
2019
2018
2017
NewsUK MatchesAcademyShop
Privacy Policy
The following policy explains how we use and protect the personal information you provide to us.
What information do we collect?
When you contact the Society of Ploughmen to request services or goods or if you use our website to subscribe or email us, we collect your personal details (such as your name, address, email address, phone number).  We may also keep a record of which products and services you are interested in.
How do we use the information?
We will only use your data to supply you with the products, services and information which you have requested or to let you know about the Society of Ploughmen or any of its’ events; or to help improve our services generally.
We may contact you by post, telephone or e-mail.  If you change your mind about being contacted in the future by any of these means then please let us know.
Disclosure of Data
We will not pass on your details without your permission to anyone else without your prior consent unless we are required to do so by law.
Your rights
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information held in our records about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.  You also have the right to ask us to delete your data at any time.
Your consent
By using our website at www.ploughmen.co.uk or providing us with your personal details you consent to the collection, processing and use of this information.  You can withdraw this consent at any time by contacting info@ploughmen.co.uk or telephoning 01302 852469.
Changes
We may make changes to this privacy policy from time to time and any changes will be posted on this page.
Cookies
The Society of Ploughmen website uses 'cookies' which are small pieces of information stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser. These allow us to recognise you and to provide features to make your use of our website a personalised experience.  Most browsers allow the cookie function to be turned off.
Security
All information you provide to us is stored electronically with industry standard anti-virus and firewall protection in place.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted online or through the website.  Any transmission is at your own risk.  Once we have received your information, we use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
This website contains links to third party websites.  The Society of Ploughmen is not responsible for the content of any third-party websites and by clicking on a link you will leave the Society of Ploughmen website.  Privacy and security policies may differ from ours on other websites and we recommend you read the policies on any websites you visit.
Further information
If you have any queries or concerns regarding the use of your data or this policy, then please email info@ploughmen.co.uk or ring 01302 852469.
About The Society of Ploughmen
The Society of Ploughmen was founded in 1972.
It is a registered charity run by volunteers from the farming community.
It is responsible for the organisation of the British National Ploughing Championships and for managing the England World and European Ploughing Teams.
Registered Charity No: 1062780
Get in Touch
The Society of Ploughmen Ltd, Quarry Farm, Loversall, Doncaster, South Yorkshire, DN11 9DH
01302 852469
info@ploughmen.co.uk
Copyright © 2020 The Society of Ploughmen. All rights reserved.
Privacy PolicyOur SponsorsFriends of the Society
Hand crafted by Exact Marketing