http://www.gouldfast.ca/aboutus/policy
English
|
Française
More than 41 years of caring for our customers
Toll Free: 800-267-8997
Tel: 905-677-8253
Fax:
905-677-8767
Email: email@gouldfast.ca
Gould Fasteners is a full service distributor of all varieties of fasteners,electronic parts and military spec hardware since 1979.
Quality is at the core of all our operations.
We understand that quality cannot be compromised. Ever.
At Gould Fasteners quality is our way of doing business.
Our product line has been growing for more than 41 years. Whatever your fastener requirements, Gould has the products to meet them. We make it easy. Call us.
Gould Fasteners continually raises the bar on the quality of service we deliver.
Whatever your supply chain requirements, we have a customizable program to help your business grow and prosper.
Quality products come from quality manufacturers.
At Gould Fasteners all of our
suppliers must adhere to strict standards of excellence.
We simply want the best for our customers.
Everyday.
Home
Services
Products
Manufacturers
Quality
About Us
Contact Us
Latest News
Our History
Outstanding Service
Customizable Systems
Customer Satisfaction
Our People
Mission
Authorized Distributor
Competitive Pricing
Environmental Policy
Terms and Conditions
Environmental Policy
The Welfare of the customers and communities we serve, the well-being of Gould Fasteners' employees as individuals and as a sound organization, and the reputation for environmental conscientiousness that we seek, all depend on our commitment to environmental excellence. The drive to lead is an intrinsic part of Gould Fasteners way of life, and our work in the environmental area is no exception.Our strict Environmental Policy and the accompanying performance measures are all examples of the way Gould Fasteners is working toward protecting our planet.
From the recycling of all products (paper, glass and metal), to ensuring that all products supplied by Gould are free from harmful chemicals, Gould Fasteners continually searches for ways to eliminate waste from daily business activities.
Together we can make a difference.
Gould Fasteners certifies that none of the products they supply contain nor are manufactured with the following substances:
Class 1
Chlorofluorocarbon-11
Chlorofluorocarbon-12
Chlorofluorocarbon-113
Chlorofluorocarbon-114
Chlorofluorocarbon-115
All isomers of above chemicals
Halo-1211
Halon-1301
Halon-2402
All isomers of the above chemicals
Chlorofluorocarbon-13
Chlorofluorocarbon-111
Chlorofluorocarbon-112
Chlorofluorocarbon-211
Chlorofluorocarbon-213
Chlorofluorocarbon-214
Chlorofluorocarbon-215
Chlorofluorocarbon-216
Chlorofluorocarbon-217
All isomers of the above
Carbon Tetrachloride
Methyl Chlororom
1,1,1-Trichloroethane
All isomers of the above chemicals except: 1,1,2-Trichloroethane
Class 2
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-21
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-22
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-31
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-121
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-122
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-123
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-124
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-131
HHydrochlorofluorocarbon-132b
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-133a
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-141b
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-142b
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-221
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-222
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-223
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-224
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-225ca
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-225cb
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-226
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-231
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-232
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-233
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-234
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-235
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-241
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-242
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-243
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-244
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-251
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-252
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-253
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-261
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-262
Hydrochlorofluorocarbon-271
All isomers of the above chemicals
Home
Products
Manufacturers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Gould Fasteners accepts payment by:
Services
Just-In-Time
Dock-To-Stock
KanBan
EDI
Tailored Applications
Efficient Service
Bar Coding
Terms of Payment
Comprehensive Fastener Guide
Contact Us
Sales Representative
Map to Head Office
Contact Us Form
About Us
Latest News
Our History
Outstanding Service
Customizable Systems
Customer Satisfaction
Mission
Authorized Distributor
Competitive Pricing
Environmental Policy
Terms and Conditions
Quality
Quality Assurance
About ISO
CGP Certificate
Quality Suppliers
Zero Tolerance
Intensive Training
Copyright 2017 © Gould Fasteners Limited. All rights reserved.
X
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service.
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide will only be used
to send you information and updates pertaining to the Gould Fasteners.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into the site and going to the 'Account' page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on April 16, 2017.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at email@gouldfast.ca
X