https://www.vcaonline.com/privacy/index.htm
Quick Access to...
Post Your
Business Plan
Join Investor
Directory
Join Advisor
Directory
View Investment
Opportunities
View Investor
Directory
View Advisor
Directory
Buy Venture Capital
Database
Download VCPro
Database Trial
Download Free
Sample Private Placement Memorandum
Download Free
Business Plan Template
Find VC Fund's
Limited Partners
Browse VC Bookstore
Subscribe to our RSS Feeds
Venture Capital
Bookstore
Search Our Site or the Web
Privacy Statement
We respect your right to privacy. We will never
sell your name to a third party without your express consent. Because we feel your privacy is so
important, we are providing this page to describe when and how we collect
and use such information.
Collection of Personal Information
Free/Demo
Software
On our Website, we ask for personal information from
those who download and/or install our free/demo software.
Order Placement
When you place an order online with us, we collect
information about you, including your name, address and credit card
information. This information is necessary in order for us to process
and complete your order.
Anonymous Information Collection
Website visits
vcaonline.com collects general usage information about visitors
coming to our Website.
About Cookies
Sometimes our Web servers collect this general information
with the help of cookies. A cookie is a small file that a Web site
writes to your hard drive when you visit that site. Cookies cannot
read information from your hard drive or read information from other
cookies. If you turn off cookies in your Web browser, you will
still be able to access and browse our Websites.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads
when you visit our website. These companies may use information (NOT
including your name, address, email address, or telephone number)
about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide
advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.Use of Personal Information
vcaonline.com may use personal information that it
has collected to:
Provide you with notices of new
information that may be of use or interest to you. This may include
newsletters, Web site update notices, or notification on
the availability of new products, product updates, and maintenance
releases.
Register licensed copies of the product
in your name. We do not keep credit card information as part of your
product registration.
Determine at our discretion your
eligibility to receive product update on demo versions of our
software.
Survey you (and others) in an attempt to
improve our Website, our products, or our business.
Notify you of third-party products that
we believe might be of interest to you. vcaonline.com will not share personal
information with third parties without first obtaining your express
consent.
Improve the quality of our Website.
vcaonline.com does not collect information about individual users
surreptitiously.
Help us analyze general traffic patterns
throughout our site.
Review, Change, and Correction of Personal Information
You may review, change, or correct any
personal information including the permitted uses of your personal
information and addition of your information to the "do not
share" list by contacting vcaonline.com at: Contact
Us
Copyright ©
1998-2020 Access InterComm  All rights reserved.
Site Map |
Privacy Statement |
Legal Notice &
Disclaimer