http://www.trepanningspec.com/privacy-policy
NEW OFF-SET DRILLING
Trepanning
BTA High Speed Drilling
Gundrilling
Boring
Honing
Lathe Work
Production Automatic Saw Cutting
Special Emergency Services
Trepanning Success Story
Email
About
Privacy Policy
Trepanning Specialties has created this privacy statement ("Statement") in order to demonstrate our commitment to customer privacy. Privacy within the Trepanning Specialties Website is of great importance to us. Because we gather important information from our visitors and customers, we have established this Statement as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. We reserve the right to change this Statement and will provide notification of the change at least thirty (30) business days prior to the change taking effect.Collected InformationWe require customers who register to use the services ("Services") offered on our website to give us contact information, such as their name, company name, address, phone number, and e-mail address, and financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of users within the organization that will be using the Services.At the time you express interest in attaining additional information, or when you register for the service, we may also ask for additional personal information, such as title, department name, fax number, or additional company information, such as annual revenues, number of employees, or industry. Customers can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it when asked. Customers can update or remove their personal information at any time by logging into the website and editing their personal information within the Administration, Users section. Customers can view their updated profiles to confirm the edits have been made.Trepanning Specialties uses the information that we collect to set up Services for individuals and their organizations. We may also use the information to contact customers in order to discuss customer interest in our company, the Services that we provide, and to send information regarding our company or partners, such as promotions and events. Customers are asked to provide an email address when registering for the Service in order to receive a username and password. We may email information regarding updates to the Service or company, or may also send a customer newsletter. Customer email addresses and any personal customer information will not be distributed or shared with any third parties. Customers can opt out of being contacted by us, or receiving such information from us, at any time by calling 562 633-8110.Except as we explicitly state at the time we request information, or as provided for in the Trepanning Specialties Terms of Use, we do not disclose to any third-party the information provided. All financial and billing information that we collect through the website is used solely to check the qualifications of prospective customers and to bill for Services. This billing information is not used by Trepanning Specialties for third-party marketing or promotional purposes.Additional InformationQuestions regarding this Statement or the practices of this website should be directed to Trepanning Specialties Contracts Administrator by e-mailing such questions to the support e-mail address you are given.