https://www.franchiseeurope.com/privacy/
We've updated our privacy policy to reflect the new GDPR.
View privacy policy
Ok, got it
Start your search for a franchise...
Industry
All industries
---------------
Automotive Franchises
Business & Professional
Business Opportunities
Children's Franchises
Cleaning Franchises
Coffee Franchises
Computer & Internet
Education Franchises
Fitness Franchises
Food Franchises
Franchise Service Providers
Health & Beauty
Health Care Franchises
Home Services Franchises
Online Franchises
Property & Real Estate
Restaurant Franchises
Retail Franchises
Travel & Leisure
Location
All Locations
---------------
Albania
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Kosovo
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
---------------
Afghanistan
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua
Argentina
Aruba
Australia
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Barbuda
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Caicos Island
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Costa Rica
Cuba
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Faeroe Islands
Falkland Islands
Fiji
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Futuna Island
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greenland
Grenada
Grenadines
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong-Kong
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiri
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malvinas
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands Antilles
Nevis
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
North Korea
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Principe
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent
Samoa
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tobago
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad
Tunisia
Turkmenistan
Turks Island
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
United States of America
Uruguay
US Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (US)
Wake Islands
Wallis Island
West Bank
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Investment
All Investments
---------------
Up to €10,000
Up to €20,000
Up to €30,000
Up to €40,000
Up to €50,000
Up to €60,000
Up to €70,000
Up to €80,000
Up to €90,000
Up to €100,000
Up to €200,000
Up to €300,000
Up to €400,000
Up to €500,000
Any Amount
Search
Franchise Europe: Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was last updated on 18 May, 2018.The privacy and security of your personal information is very important to us. We take this matter very seriously. This privacy policy sets out how we collect and manage your personal information and how you can remove your personal information from our databases. For any queries that you may have about your personal information at Franchise Europe, please email privacy@franchisedirect.com.Who Is Collecting Your Personal Information?This privacy policy applies to Franchise Europe which is owned and operated by Franchise Direct, a registered business name of McGarry Internet Limited (collectively: “we”, “us”, and “our”), a company registered in Ireland. This privacy policy describes how Franchise Direct collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website franchiseeurope.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.How We Collect Personal InformationYou can view all of the content on our site without providing your personal information. Here are the ways we do collect personal information on our site:1. We collect personal information when you use the Request Information form. If you seek more information about a franchise business listed on our site, personal information will be requested by submitting a Request Information form.The personal information we ask for on the Request Information form is your name, email address, phone number, zip code, county, country, and available cash.The information you submit via our request form is shared only with the franchise businesses that you have in your Request Information form.These franchise businesses will contact you by means of email and/or telephone (phone call or SMS) only to the email address and phone number you provide.By submitting the Request Information form you are consenting to send your personal information to the franchises businesses listed on the form.By submitting the Request Information form you are consenting to subscribe to further email marketing from Franchise Direct if you have checked the sign-up box on the form.2. We also collect personal information when you use the Our Newsletter form.You can sign up to Franchise Direct’s email newsletter by submitting this form.To complete the Our Newsletter form you must submit your email address.What We Do with Your Personal InformationFranchise Direct does not share, sell, rent, or trade your personal information with third parties without your consent. We retain access to your personal information at all times on our secure electronic database servers. These servers may reside in or outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We will only share your personal information with the franchise businesses you consented to receive further information about that are listed in the Request Information form. These businesses will contact you by telephone and/or email and in doing so they may use third party services to handle your data. These services may reside in our outside the EEA. If you complete the Our Newsletter form your personal information will only be used by Franchise Direct for email marketing purposes. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.Requesting and Updating Your Personal InformationTo request a copy of your personal information or to make changes to it please send an email to privacy@franchisedirect.com with the subject line ‘Request for Personal Information' and we will endeavor to respond to your request in four working days. Before we can complete your request you will need to verify your identity to us by confirming your full name and email address.Deleting Your Personal Information from Franchise DirectTo request that your personal information be deleted from Franchise Direct’s records please send an email to privacy@franchisedirect.com with the subject line ‘Deletion of Personal Information’ and we will endeavor to respond to your request in four working days. Before we can complete your request you will need to verify your identity to us by confirming your full name and email address. If you wish to unsubscribe from email marketing you can click the 'Unsubscribe' link at the bottom of any email we send to you.Existing Personal Information Data (Before 25 May, 2018)Franchise Direct has always made the best efforts under the prevailing data privacy regulations to collect personal information on an opt-in/consensual basis. Personal information we hold prior to the coming into force of the GDPR regulations on 25 May, 2018 will also be subject to the terms of this privacy policy.Where Does Consent to Providing Personal Information Take Place?Franchise Direct connects prospective franchisees with franchisors. Visitors who request information about franchise businesses on our site will be presented with the following consent messages on the Request Information form:"By clicking SUBMIT you consent to sending the details on this form to the franchises listed above. Franchise Direct's reputation for integrity in the franchise industry has been established over 20 years. We NEVER sell or share your information with any other third parties. Please view our privacy policy." Cookies and Other Tracking TechnologiesTechnologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Franchise Direct and our partners e.g. marketing partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers (e.g. customer experience optimisation providers, etc.). These technologies are used in analysing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and in gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.We use cookies for our Request Information form to store your information so you don't have to enter it more than once if you so choose. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.Analytics/Log FilesAs is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information.Local Storage Objects (Flash/HTML5)Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use Flash cookies or local storage such as HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. To manage Flash cookies, please click here. Behavioral Targeting/RetargetingWe partner with third party ad networks to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt out by emailing privacy@franchisedirect.com. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information.Email MarketingYou will be added to our email marketing list only if you complete the check box on the Request Information form or submit your email address to the Our Newsletter form. If you wish to unsubscribe from our email marketing, you may opt out by clicking on the 'Unsubscribe' link in any of the emails we send to you.Children's PrivacyFranchise Direct is intended to be used only by individuals aged 18 and older. We do not knowingly collect any information from individuals under the age of 18. If we are made aware of information collected from an individual under the age of 18, we will remove their information from our system as soon as possible.Links to Other SitesWe may provide links to other companies and services from our site. Once you leave our site and enter another site, you are subject to their privacy policies. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. You should carefully review the company's privacy policy before using that site.Legal DisclaimerWe reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website. If Franchise Direct is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.Security MeasuresWe use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. While no data transfer can be completely secure, we will make reasonable efforts to secure all data that is transferred, stored or processed. We recommend that you take every precaution to protect your personal information when you are on the internet. For example, use a secure browser, change your passwords often, and select a strong password by choosing a combination of numbers, letters and characters. The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow latest standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at privacy@franchisedirect.com.Social MediaOur website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and widgets, such as the Twitter button or interactive mini-programmes that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.Changes to This Privacy PolicyFranchise Direct reserves the right to make material changes to its privacy policy. These changes will be posted prominently on our privacy policy, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate. We will also notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) prior to the change becoming effective so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Data Protection Officer: Conor McGarryFranchise Direct Units, 105-106 The Capel Building, Capel Street, Dublin 7, Irelandprivacy@franchisedirect.com
Our Newsletter
Receive FREE updates on the latest franchise opportunities!
Thanks for sharing your details, we’ll be in touch shortly
Home
Industry
Investment
Location
Popular Searches
Franchise Opportunities
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise
Franchisor Focus
Terms & Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Site Map
Copyright © 1998-2020 Franchise Direct. All Rights Reserved.
You have 0 pending request
Complete Your Request