https://www.apgfcu.com/terms-of-use.html
Skip to Main Content
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Before using this website, please read these Terms of Use carefully.
The Aberdeen Proving Ground Federal Credit Union (hereby referred to as "APG Federal Credit Union" or "APGFCU") website is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the APG Federal Credit Union website constitutes your agreement to all said terms, conditions, and notices.
General Terms
The following terms of use govern your use of the APG Federal Credit Union website and any subordinate web pages located at www.apgfcu.com (hereby collectively referred to as "website").
This website is provided only for informational purposes. Any and all information, materials, product offerings, services, rates, fees, and terms are subject to change without notice.
Not all of the products or services described on the website are available in all geographic areas. APGFCU serves anyone who lives, works, worships, volunteers, or goes to school in Harford County, Maryland, Cecil County, Maryland, and certain portions of Middle River, Maryland, as well as immediate family members of anyone meeting this criterion. Our website is provided as a convenience to our members and local communities, and those individuals planning to relocate to said areas. We reserve the right to determine your eligibility for any product or service.
Investment and Insurance products and services are not credit union deposits and are not insured by the National Credit Union Administration, are not guaranteed by APGFCU, and are subject to substantial risk, including the possible loss of some or all of the principal invested.
No Warranties
Your accessibility and use of this website is completely at your risk. This website and its information, materials and services, including but not limited to text, software, graphics and source code is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, whether expressed or implied. Without limitation, all express or implied warranties of merchantability, title, fitness for a particular purpose, or infringement, are hereby disclaimed and excluded. We expressly disclaim any and all liability for errors or omissions in this information and materials. We also do not warrant and cannot assure you that this website is devoid of viruses, harmful code or errors.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances will APGFCU be liable for any damages, losses or liabilities, including, without limitation, any lost profits, lost opportunity or any indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive, or exemplary damages, whether in contract, warranty, tort, (including negligence), strict liability, or otherwise, that arises out of, or is in any way connected with, the use or inability to use, this website or any portion thereof, or any linked website, even if APGFCU is advised of the possibility of damages, losses or liabilities.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless APGFCU and all of its respective directors, officers, employees, volunteers and agents thereof, from and against all claims and expenses, including attorney's fees, arising out of your violation of these Terms of Use or misuse of this website or products or services provided via this website.
Third Party Link Disclaimer
By accessing any third party link from this website, you will be leaving the APGFCU website and entering a website hosted by another party. We encourage you to review the privacy policy and security offered on that website before providing any personal information. APGFCU does not guarantee or assume liability for any third party product or service. APGFCU does not represent either the third party or the member if the two enter into a transaction.
Privacy
You can be confident that your financial privacy is a top priority of APGFCU. Please click here to read our Privacy Policy and our Privacy Notice.
Information You Provide
As to any information you provide to us, it must be either your information or information you are authorized by a third party to share with us. You are prohibited from sharing with us information of a third party, such a co-signer on a loan application, without you first obtaining the third party’s authorization to share the information with us.
Trademark Notices
All registered and unregistered trademarks are the sole property of their respective owners. Unauthorized reproduction in whole or part is prohibited.
Copyright Notices
APGFCU owns copyright in the pages, screens, text, images, and all other forms of media appearing at this website unless otherwise indicated. You may not use any of the contents of this website for any unlawful purpose. You may not copy, modify, display, reproduce, republish or distribute this website or any of its contents without our prior written consent or unless authorized by applicable law.
Governing Law
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with federal statutes and the laws of the State of Maryland. This website is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
Additional Terms
Certain services or pages on this website may contain separate terms of use, which are in addition to these terms of use. In the event of a conflict, the additional terms of use will govern for those services or pages.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Federally Insured by NCUA
Equal Housing Lender
Last Modified: May 22, 2018