http://www.seka-sports.com/pages/privacy-policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICYWe value our customers and respect their privacy. We collect customer information in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services, contests, and promotions. We recognize that we must maintain and use customer information responsibly. We do not sell or rent the information you provide to us online to third parties.What information do we collect?  We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, request a catalog or subscribe to our emails.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for?  Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.To process transactions.Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.To send periodic emails.The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?  We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.Seka-Sports, Inc12810 Florence Ave.Santa Fe Springs, CA 90670Tel: (562) 941-2242Email: info@seka-sports.com
TOP
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR?
View all products
Empty result
MY BAG
SUBTOTAL
Spend $150.00 To Qualify For Free Shipping!
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
VIEW SHOPPING BAG
Your shopping bag is empty.
MY ACCOUNT
SIGN UP
Sign up now!
SIGN UP
HERE TO HELP
TITLE
Thank you for subscribing! Here's your 10% code: VIP10
Continue shopping
WISH LIST AND COMPARE
Do you want to add products to your personal account?
YES
NO