http://www.imprintshoes.co.uk/privacy-notice/
Our privacy notice
Introduction
This privacy notice is here to let you know what happens to any personal data that you give us or any details that we may collect from you or about you. It applies to orders of our products, training, services, and instances where we respond to your requests for information.
We do not sell the personal data of our customers, clients or those who contact us for information.
It is our policy practice to protect and secure personal data at all times.
This privacy notice applies to personal information processed by or on behalf of Poynton Ltd and AP & JD Poynton.
Changes to this privacy notice
We may update this privacy notice from time to time in order to reflect changes in the law and/or our privacy practices.
Who we are and our contact details
We are Poynton Ltd a data controller of your personal data. Our contact address is Town Forge, High Street, Malmesbury, Wiltshire, SN19 9AT. Our website address is, www.imprintshoes.co.uk/
Poynton Ltd also works directly and in close association with the business partnership of AP & JD Poynton of Poynton Farriery Clinic (PFC) with whom we share infrastructure, systems and technology. Website address, www.poyntonfarrieryclinic.co.uk/
You can contact us using the details below or by writing to the above address, marking it “Privacy notice” or going to contact us.
The kinds of personal information about you we process
Personal information that we’ll process in connection with any of our products and services, if relevant they include:
Personal and contact details, such as title, full name, contact details and contact details history.
A contact of yours, this could be a contact relating to your horse, a yard manager, a groom, a farrier, a vet or a person in your business (if relevant to a product/order or farriery service).
Information about your horse, details of any condition, farriery treatment, record of visits, case history of treatment, may include photos, video and x-rays.
Information about the location of your horse, this could be your premises, stables or a yard or an equine clinic.
Records of your contact with us, such as via a phone number, by email or online via a website or our Facebook page.
Products and services you have ordered from us, or have been interested in and the associated payment methods used.
Marketing to you and analysing data, this could be in the form of a newsletter and the history of those communications, whether you open them or click on links and information about products or services we think you may be interested in, or relevant to you or your business.
What is the source of your personal information?
We collect personal information from the following sources:
From you directly.
Information generated about you when you order our products, including training courses and farriery services.
Case referrals when you ask your farrier and/or veterinarian to contact us.
Case reports generated as a result of a visit and/or treatment by the farrier.
How we use your personal data
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
Record your inquiry for products or services, the cost of providing these and the payment method and the terms.
Managing any aspect of your orders and services.
Updating your records.
To evaluate the performance of our products and or services and internal processes.
To improve the operation of our business.
To follow guidance and best practice under the change to rules of governmental and regulatory bodies.
For management and auditing of our business operations including accounting.
To keep records of our communications with you.
For market research and analysis and developing statistics.
For direct marketing communications we may send marketing to you by SMS, email, phone, post, social media and digital channels. For example, using Mail Chimp, Green Text and via posts we make by Facebook, click links to see their privacy policy.
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations, requirements and guidance.
To share information, as needed, with business partners (for example, service providers or as part of providing and administering our products and services or operating our business.
To facilitate any future sale of one or more parts of our business.
What are the legal grounds for our processing your personal data?
We rely on the following legal bases to use your personal data:
Where it is needed to provide you with our products or services, such as:
Taking orders for products or a service, including the times when we may discuss the suitability of a product, the price, the payment methods available and the conditions attached.
Managing a record of previous orders and services, a quote or repeat orders.
Updating your records.
Sharing your personal information with business partners and service providers when you make an order or request a service.
Where it is in our legitimate interests to do so, such as:
Providing information about your order status, training course arrangements, appointments and farriery services.
Managing your orders and services contacting you about recovering an outstanding invoice (where appropriate).
For communications including direct marketing and providing services information via SMS, email, phone, post and social media channels. For example, using Facebook, Mail Chimp and Green Text, click links to see their privacy policy.
To perform and/or test the performance of, our products, services and internal processes.
To follow guidance and recommended best practice of government and regulatory bodies.
For management and audit of our business operations including accounting.
To keep written records of our communications with you and our staff.
Documenting equine case histories for client insurance claims, product research, analysis and developing statistics and provide evidence in case of disagreement or legal dispute.
Where we need to share your personal information with people or organisations in order to run our business or comply with any legal and/or regulatory obligations.
To comply with our legal obligations
With your consent:
Direct marketing communications which may include newsletters about case studies, product information, training courses and farriery services information.
Who do we share your personal information with and why?
We may share information with the following third parties for the purposes listed:
Service providers for delivery and shipping, insurance providers (when a client makes a claim on their insurance policy).
Governmental and regulatory bodies such as HMRC.
Other organisations and businesses who provide services to us such as back-up and server hosting providers, IT software and maintenance providers, and suppliers of other back office functions.
How and when can you withdraw your consent?
Where we are relying upon your consent to process personal data; you can withdraw this at any time by contacting us using the details below.
Is your personal information transferred outside the EEA?
We are a UK based company. We do not store or transfer personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA). There may be occasions when we dispatch orders outside the EEA, in such cases name and contact details are provided to shippers for delivery purposes.
What should you do if your personal information changes?
Please let us know if your details change (i.e. your address, delivery address for orders or contact phone number). Also if your horse is currently being attended by Poynton Farriery Clinic, tell us if it is stabled somewhere new. See the contact us section of our website so we can update your records where possible.
Do you have to provide your personal information to us?
In order to provide you with our products, services or answer requests for information, it is necessary for you to provide certain information to us. Where providing information is optional, (i.e. web forms) we will make this clear.
For how long is your personal information retained by us?
Unless we explain otherwise to you, we’ll hold your personal information based on the following criteria:
For as long as we have reasonable business needs, such as managing our relationship with you.
For as long as we process orders and/or provide training or farriery services to you and for as long as someone could have a disagreement relating to the service provided, or enter a legal dispute.
Retention periods in line with legal and regulatory requirements or guidance.
What are your data protection rights?
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides the following rights. These rights do not apply in all circumstances. If you wish to use any of them, please contact us.
The right to be informed about the processing of your personal information.
The right to request access to your personal information and to obtain information about how we process it.
The right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed.
The right to have your personal information erased.
The right to restrict processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability i.e. move, copy or transfer your personal information.
The right to object to data processing (see below).
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office which enforces data protection laws: https://ico.org.uk/
Your right to object
You have the right to object to the processing of data under certain circumstances, in particular to data processed for direct marketing purposes and to data processed for certain reasons based on our legitimate interests. To exercise these rights you can contact us via the address below or on our website here contact us.
What are your marketing preferences?
We may use your home address, business address, phone numbers, email address and social media (for example, Facebook, Mail Chimp, Green Text) according to your marketing preferences (click links to see their privacy policy). You can stop our marketing at any time by contacting us using the details below or by following the instructions in the communication.
Ways to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, or if you wish to exercise your rights, you can contact us by going to the contact us section of our website. Alternatively, you can write to us at Town Forge, High Street, Malmesbury, Wiltshire, SN19 9AT.
Top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more