https://www.atlas-ssi.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Atlas-SSI
Intake Screens
New Intake Screens
316(b) Fish Handling
Dual-Flow
Thru-Flow
Stationary
SmartScreens®
Water Screen Rebuilds
Parts
On-Site Service
Trash Rakes
Bar Racks
Stop Logs
Ancillary Equipment
Projects
FAQs
Buckets & Grapples
New Buckets
Round Nose Dredging Bucket
4-Rope Buckets
2-Rope Buckets
Hydraulic Clamshell Bucket
Environmental Dredging Bucket
Continuous Unloader Buckets
3-Rope Buckets
Single Line Buckets
New Grapples
2-Rope Grapples
4-Rope Grapples
Hydraulic Grapples
Stone Grapples
Rebuilds
Parts
Rentals
Seram Cranes
Projects
FAQs
Company
About Us
Leadership Team
Safety
Careers
News
Contact
+1 225-475-9553
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
ATLAS-SSI, Inc (“ATLAS-SSI”, “We”, or “us”) recognizes the importance of privacy and sensitivity of personal information and is committed to the protection of privacy for those who provide personal information to us.  ATLAS-SSI will ensure the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your personal information, as well as follow legal requirements to allow you to request access to and correction of your personal information.
This privacy policy explains ATLAS-SSI policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, disclosure and  retention of personally identifiable information received from visitors to our website (www.ATLAS-SSI ) (the “Website”) and registered users to our Website.   Please note:  this Privacy policy will be updated from time to time; as a result, a revised Privacy policy will be posted to notify our visitors and users of changes.
If you are a user or visitor in the European Economic Area, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) may apply to the processing of your information. The GDPR places obligations on us as a “data controller” and grants you specific rights in respect of the use and handling of your personal information. Both personal information and personal data have the same meaning in the context of this privacy policy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
What is Personal Information?
Personal Information is any information that can be used to identify or contact a specific individual, such as name, address, phone number, email address or billing information.
Consent to collect personal information
Your personal information, such as your name, phone number, email, address and billing information, is not automatically collected by Atlas-SSI when using the Website. Your personal information is only obtained if you consent to provide it in conjunction with a request for information regarding Atlas-SSI products and services, including when registering as a user with our Website.  We do not sell your personal information to third parties for any reason.
By submitting your personal information to Atlas-SSI, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting Atlas-SSI in the manner set out below.
Should we wish to use your information for any other purpose not previously stated, we will first obtain your consent.
Types of personal information collected
With your consent, we may collect the following personal information:
first and last name, email address, phone number, or address;
Company name and address
Purposes for collecting, using and disclosing personal information
We may use and/or disclose your personal information for the following reasons:
to contact you and respond to inquiries and requests for ATLAS-SSI services;
to contact you about ATLAS-SSI Website;
to notify you about changes to ATLAS-SSI Website;
to evaluate products or services ATLAS-SSI could offer to you;
to monitor or improve use of ATLAS-SSI Website;
for marketing purposes and to inform those interested in our products about events, products, services or other items of interest;
to customize advertising and content viewed on the ATLAS-SSI Website;
to provide special offers to you from ATLAS-SSI and/or its affiliates;
to provide promotional material on behalf of ATLAS-SSI;
to communicate with you regarding the provision of any services by ATLAS-SSI; or
to register the Website visitor for an extranet account, process orders for brochures and other written materials or respond to a visitor’s request.
Retention
We will retain your personal information for the period of time that is required by law.  When your personal information is no longer required, it will be destroyed or anonymized.
Withdrawing consent
You can withdraw your consent for ATLAS-SSI to use your personal information for one or more of the above purposes by sending an email to info@Atlas-SSI.com or by calling 877-654-3900. By withdrawing your consent you acknowledge that ATLAS-SSI may not be able to provide further information to you.
Third-party disclosure
ATLAS-SSI will not collect, use or disclose to a third party your personal information without your explicit consent except:
Where the third party is necessary to allow us to provide products or services to you, such as shipping or direct mail organizations;
Where we are required or permitted to do so by law (such as to comply with court orders, warrants or subpoena, or requests by law enforcement agencies to enforce our Website terms and condition of use); or
Where otherwise required by law.
In such cases where your personal information is provided to third parties for the purposes noted above, our agreements require the third parties to keep personal information secure and confidential and that the information may only be used in connection with providing services to ATLAS-SSI.
Security measures
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information.  We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use your personal information and have clearly defined internal policies and practices.  We apply security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, such as retaining information in secure facilities and making personal information accessible only to authorized employees on a need-to-know basis.
Your personal information is stored on our database servers located in the United States or hosted by third parties who have entered into agreements with us that require them to observe our Privacy Policy.  We have implemented technological measures to prevent individuals from accessing personal information without authorization.  Data centers are designed to be physically secure and protected from unauthorized access by unauthorized persons.
Although we will make reasonable efforts to protect personal information from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party could find a way to thwart our security systems.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies
Our Website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience. Cookies are a small text file created by a website that is stored on your device (computer, tablet, smartphone) either temporarily for that session or until you close your browser. Persistent cookies are permanently stored on the hard disk of your device. Cookies contain a unique identification number that recognizes your computer’s browser (but not you) when you visit a website. They collect and generate information (including your IP address) about your visits to our Website and provide a faster, personalized access to view various site pages.
Agreeing to cookies
When you visit the Website for the first time, you are shown a message about the use of cookies with a link to this Privacy Policy for more information. Clicking the “Accept and continue” button to close this message means that you allow the use of cookies in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Opting out of cookies
You can delete cookies or adjust your browser settings to notify you when a cookie is sent. Please consult your browser’s help menu for instructions. Visiting our Website with analytics cookies disabled will have no significant impact on your browsing experience.
Log Files
We maintain a log file of all actions that are initiated or facilitated using our Website, to capture, record and store data concerning transactions conducted through our Website.  The log file is anonymized and does not constitute personal information.  Access to this data is restricted to those who administer the network and public Website with the exception that we may use and disclose personal information to third parties in response to legal process or law enforcement inquiries, abuse of our Website or in the event of a violation of our Term of Use.
Web Server Analytics
The web servers we use automatically collect information, including but not limited to the domain names and internet protocol (IP) address of the computers that access our Website, the browser type, and the pages viewed on the Website. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you access the internet. It is not personally identifiable information. We collect and use this information in aggregate form to understand how our Website is used and how we can better serve our users.
We may disclose this aggregate information to third parties such as business partners, distributors and service providers.  You may visit our Website anonymously if you wish, by using appropriate software or web services available from or through third parties.
Google analytics
ATLAS-SSI Website relies on Google’s visual mapping services, accordingly Google Maps/Earth Terms of Service, including the Google Privacy Policy (http://google.com/help/terms_maps.html) also applies to the use of the Website.
Google Analytics uses 3rd-party cookies containing a unique identification number that recognizes your computer’s browser (but not you) when you visit our Website. This is done to collect and generate information (including your IP address) about your visits to our Websites. This information is then transmitted to the Google server in an anonymous form for processing.
Google uses the information to:
Evaluate your use of the Website,
Draw up reports on activity on the Website, and
Provide other services relating to Website activity and internet usage.
We study patterns of Website activity so that we can improve the experience of visitors to our Website. The use of this tool does not allow us or our analytics service provider to identify individuals. Google currently offers a free Google Analytics opt-out tool for Microsoft Internet Explorer 11, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Opera: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
LINKING TO WEBSITES
From time to time, ATLAS-SSI Website may also reference or contain links to other websites. We do not endorse any other non-ATLAS-SSI websites and accept no responsibility for the quality, content, nature or reliability of the sites accessible from our Website or sites that may link to ATLAS-SSI website. When leaving ATLAS-SSI Website, you should be aware that ATLAS-SSI terms and policies, including this Privacy Policy, no longer govern your online activities; we do not have any control over non-ATLAS-SSI websites. Please ensure to always review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data-gathering practices of the linked site prior to using any other site or providing any personal information to a third party.
ADDITIONAL RIGHTS OF EU DATA SUBJECTS
If you are an EU data subject under the GDPR, without limitation, you have the following additional rights in respect of your information:
You are entitled to ask us to port your Personal Information (i.e., to transfer it in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format to you), to erase it, or restrict its processing;
You have the right to object to some processing of Personal Information that is based on our legitimate interests, such as profiling that we perform for the purposes of direct marketing;
You may withdraw any consent we have requested and/or that you have provided in respect of the processing or handling of your Personal Information; and
If you have unresolved concerns regarding the use or handling of your Personal Information you have the right to complain to data protection authorities. The relevant data protection authority will be the data protection authority of the country: (i) of your habitual residence; (ii) of your place of work; or (iii) in which you consider the alleged infringement has occurred.
There are limitations on these rights in certain circumstances, for example (and without limitation):
If we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your personal information, then in some instances we may retain data even if you withdraw consent; and
If we require your personal information to comply with legal or contractual obligations, and if without such data we will not be able to manage our contractual relationship with you, or meet any obligations placed on us, then provision of such data is mandatory.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, wish to have access to your personal information or want to correct, update or delete any personal information, please send an email to info@Atlas-SSI.com or call 877-654-3900, or write to us at:
ATLAS-SSI, Inc.
622 McPherson Drive
Monticello, MS 39654
Last updated: June 2020
316(b) Fish-Friendly Solutions
ATLAS-SSI recognizes that all intakes are unique. Understanding water conditions, fish species and screening technology allows us to design new or rebuilt screens that meet State and Federal regulations concerning entrainment and impingement of aquatic life.
Intake Screens
Buckets & Grapples
Company
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Monticello, MSSlaughter, LA