https://www.neeyamo.com/privacy/
Search for:
Home » Privacy Policy & Notice
Thank you for visiting www.neeyamo.com.
This Privacy policy & Notice tells you how Neeyamo Enterprise Solution Private Limited is strongly committed to protecting the personal information.
This Privacy Policy and Notice (together hereinafter referred to as “Privacy Statement”) describes how Neeyamo collects and uses the personal information according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and generally accepted privacy principles and further provides information about individual’s data privacy rights.
Please read this Privacy policy and Notice before using the site or submitting any Personal information. By using this website, you are accepting Neeyamo’s practices described in this Privacy Statement.
Neeyamo, we, our or us” in this Privacy Statement shall mean and include Neeyamo Enterprise Solution Private Limited and all of its affiliates and subsidiaries. “You or your” shall mean and include visitors to this website for any purpose, any individual related to / associated with Neeyamo’s clients/vendors/subcontractors and any individuals who access our applications.
“Personal information” shall mean and include all of the information that will be related to and/or help identify an individual (Name, Employee ID, Email, Phone number, National identifier, or any other information required to contact the data subjects and any relationship information that help us in providing services as agreed under a Contract, Gender, Race, Medical information, Financial information, Data subject’s disability status/Grade, any other as needed for providing services as agreed in the Contract).
Serious about Security
Commensurate with the responsibility of handling the Personal information, we have a robust framework of policies and procedures to encompass information security, data protection and privacy. We have adopted and strictly practice, internationally accepted information security standards and we are certified for complying with ISO 27001:2013, certified for complying with SSAE 18/ISAE3402 standards of internal control framework and further, we are compliant with EU-US Privacy Shield framework.
Purpose of Collection and Processing of Personal Information
We may collect and process your personal information such as Background Verification, Payroll, HR related services and technologies, where there is a legal basis and/or the legitimate reason, with your required consents, both directly and indirectly;
(i)        to provide service(s) agreed with you through commercial contracts,
(ii)       managing your account within our applications,
(iii)      to verify your identity or to perform any other authentication that we need to provide service(s),
(iv)      to maintain your personal profile,
(v)       to provide the services to you that you have requested including processing transactions,
(vi)      to tailor / customize our website or other services we provide to you as per your requirement,
(vii)     to enable third parties to perform services or functions on our behalf, for example where this is necessary to process a transaction or provide services,
(viii)    to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
Before you submit any information, we will notify you as to why we are asking for a specific information and it is completely up to you whether or not you want to provide it. We will not send you any unsolicited email / communication – we hate spam as much as the next guy!
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We employ cookies and tracking technologies to collect personal information. We collect Personal information indirectly, for example, through our website’s analytics powered by Google. One more way we collect Personal information indirectly is through our Internet access logs. When you access our website, your IP address is automatically collected and is placed in our Internet access logs.
Another way is through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files of information which save and retrieve information about your visit to our website—for example, how you entered our site, how you navigated through the site, and what information was of interest to you. The cookies we use identify you merely as a number. (If you are uncomfortable regarding cookies use, please keep in mind you can disable cookies on your computer by changing the settings in preferences or options menu in your browser).
We only collect information when you voluntarily submit it to us. When we collect Personal information, we will notify you as to why we are asking for information and how this information will be used. It is completely up to you whether or not you want to provide it. Neeyamo do not process any of your personal data automatically, with the goal of assessing certain personal aspects. In establishing and carrying out a business relationship, we generally do not use any automated decision-making pursuant to Article 22 of the GDPR
If Neeyamo wishes to use your Personal Data for any purpose not covered by this Privacy Statement, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use before the commencement of the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where the new purpose is not compatible with the original purpose, for which processing of personal data was carried out, we will seek your prior express consent to the new processing.
Sharing of Personal information
We will share your Personal information only how and when we are legally permitted and/or where there is a legal basis to do so.
Your Personal information may be shared (i) with any our Neeyamo entities, (ii) third-party service providers including cloud servers and infrastructure host, third-party vendors / subcontractors / In-country partners, across the globe, who support and assist us in providing services to our clients,(iii) in due course of any audit or procuring professional advice, (iv) when permitted or required by law, (v) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions, (vi) investigating fraud which has already taken place.
The information will not be shared for marketing purposes nor do we sell Personal information.
Cross-Border Transfer of Personal information
Neeyamo has a vast network of vendors and partners worldwide. As a consequence, we may transfer your Personal Information outside of European Union and to Countries which do not have an adequate level of data protection for any of the purposes of processing and sharing of Personal information mentioned above. In such circumstances, we ensure that such transfers will be under an agreement that covers the EU recommended requirements for transferring the Personal information outside of European region, such as EU recommended Standard Contract Clauses.
Retention of Personal information
Neeyamo may keep your personal data for no longer than the reasonably necessary retention periods for to provide our services or until we fulfil our obligation towards further to the legitimate reasons for processing the Personal information and/or as per GDPR. We follow a destruction policy to make sure that your personal data is safely and completely removed from our services or retained only in anonymized form when necessary.
Individual’s rights under GDPR and generally accepted privacy principles
Individuals who are data subjects belonging to any region within the European Union have certain rights under the GDPR and other individuals have similar rights under generally accepted privacy principles. They are described below.
Your rights
Right to access- Right to request a copy of your Personal information we may hold and receive a copy of it. Further to a copy, you may seek the reason and how we collect and process your Personal Information.
Right to rectify- You have the right to request any part/whole of your Personal information to be rectified, amended and updated where it is incomplete or inaccurate.
Right to be forgotten- You have a right to seek your Personal information to be erased when the purpose for which we collected and processed your Personal information is no longer necessary, you expressly withdraw your consent, due to any legal obligation, if you find your Personal information processed for any illegitimate reasons, in case you object to any of our direct marketing approaches.
Right to data portability- You have the right to request to transfer your Personal Information to any other data controller.
Right to restrict processing- You have a right to restrict us from continuing to process your Personal information where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy of your personal data or when your Personal information has been processed unlawfully.
Right to object to processing- You have a right to object us from a processing of your Personal Information, where we process your Personal information, not for any legitimate reasons/purposes, where we may employ automated decision making or when we process your Personal information for direct marketing.
Reach out to exercise your rights
For exercising any of your above-mentioned rights, raise your complaints or contact us at privacy@neeyamo.com. All your complaints lodged at this email ID will be brought to the attention of our Chief Information Security Officer & Data Protection Officer. In the course of exercising any of your rights, apart from the aforementioned, you have the right to register your complaint to the data privacy supervisory authority in your Country/place of work.
Changes to Privacy Statement
Any of these practices may be changed, but these changes will be updated in the Privacy Statement and such changes will apply after you duly become aware of the changes. You are encouraged to read our Privacy Statement whenever you visit this website to be aware of any changes.
Contact Details of Neeyamo and Data Protection Officer
If you have any query regarding our Privacy Statement, wish to register a complaint or exercise any of your rights as describes above, please contact us at;
Shakil Gour
Data Protection Officer
privacy@neeyamo.com
Neeyamo Enterprise Solutions Private Limited
IT 05, 1st Floor, Qubix Business Park Pvt. Ltd. – SEZ
154/06, RGIP, Phase 1
Hinjewadi, Pune 411 057, Maharashtra, India.
Direct – +91 (20) 6793 4099
Last Updated on: Aug 13, 2020.
Copyright © 2020 Neeyamo. All Rights Reserved.
Terms & Conditions
| Privacy Policy & Notice
| EU – US Privacy Shield
| Sitemap