http://www.rescoproducts.com/pages/privacy-policy
412-494-4491
Products
Industry Solutions
Product Applications
Custom Solutions
Available Services
FAQ
Rescobond AA-22S
Castables
Monolithics
Gun Mixes
Shotcreting
Installation
Welding
Data Sheets
Resources
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: Oct. 25th, 2018
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Resco Products, Inc. in compliance with GDPR and how we protect private and personal data regarding our website located at www.rescoproducts.com. We reserve the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting changes at our Site, and any such changes will be effective immediately upon posting.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Resco Products Inc, and our website; https://www.rescoproducts.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following.
• Who is collecting the data;• What data is being collected;• What is the legal basis for processing the data & is it secure?• Will the data be shared with any third parties?• How will the information be used?• How long will the data be stored for?• What rights does the data subject have & how to raise a complaint?• Information about cookies used by the site;How policy changes will be communicated;
Who is collecting the data?
Resco Products are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us through this site or via direct contact from you. All information collected is used for internal use only.
What data is being collected?
The information collected from users may include company name, contact name, billing and shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, industry, application and IP address.
What is the legal basis for processing the data & is it secure?
Resco Products only processes data in which consent has been given and individuals/companies have accepted. Protection of the information you send to us is critical to our website. For this reason, Resco Products use Secure Socket Layers (SSL) software during transmission of your information to us. This coding system allows the client browser to automatically encrypt data before it is sent to us, and such data is only accessible to authorized Resco Products, Inc. personnel and all information is kept confidential. Resco Products will not sell your information.
Will the data be shared with third parties?
This website contains links to other sites. Opting in or consenting to receive marketing materials or access to additional information is not shared to any third parties. Please be aware that Resco Products, Inc. is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. Resco Products encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
How will the information be used?
Any data collected will only be used internally and will never be shared. Data collected will be utilized to ensure a customer’s website experience is optimized. If opted-in customers can receive industry articles, updated product information, and the Resco Newsletter tailored to their interests.
How long will the data be stored?
Data will be stored indefinitely unless requested otherwise by the owner of the data. Data stored will provide insights on website traffic patterns for improved experience and website optimization.
What rights does the data subject have and how to raise a complaint?
The data subject has the right at any point in time to have their data removed. You may opt-out of any future contacts from Resco Products at any time. To opt out or raise a complaint you can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:- See what data we have about you, if any- Change/correct any data we have about you- Have us delete any data we have about you- Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Information about cookies on our site
Resco Products use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when Resco Products use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. In compliance with GDPR cookies will reset every 30 days.
How policy changes will be communicated?
Policy changes will be communicated through our website. Changes to our policy will be automatically updated on our website located in the footer under “Terms”. Policy change may also be communicated through company newsletter.
From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether to participate and therefore disclose this information. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Resco Products, Inc. has taken steps to safeguard the integrity of its data and prevent unauthorized access, both online and off-line using website security measures consistent with current best practices. These measures include technical, procedural, monitoring and tracking steps intended to safeguard data from misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, loss alteration or destruction.
Products
Applications
Industry
We use cookies on our website to give you a better experience, improve performance, for analytics, and to show you relevant tailored adverts.
By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies. View Privacy Policy
Accept Cookies
Get A Quote