http://www.fratellocoffee.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Fratello
Store
Coffee
Tea
Brewing Gear
Café Services
Consultation
Commercial Equipment
Analog Coffee
Visit Analog On-Line
Story of Analog Coffee
Blog
Our Story
About Us
Our Coffee
Our History
Contact
0
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To process transactions
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
4021-9th Street SE
Calgary, Alberta T2G3C7
Canada
This policy is powered by Trust Guard PCI compliance scans.
Fratello
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
4021-9th St. SE
Calgary, Alberta T2G 3C7
Canada
403-265-2112
1-800-465-7227
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram