http://www.wtopharma.com/global/privacy
Expand yourBusiness
Warmly Welcome
Home
Trade Listing
Products
Request To Buy
Offer To Sell
Visit Local Sites
China
India
Indonesia
Kenya
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore
Tanzania
Thailand
Uganda
Vietnam
Join Now
Login
Home
Trade
Listing
Products
Request
To Buy
Offer
To Sell
Visit other local sites...
Asia
Indonesia
Malaysia
Singapore
Thailand
China
Philippines
India
Vietnam
Africa
Kenya
Tanzania
Uganda
Global
Search
Login
Join Now
About Us
Contact Us
FAQs
Privacy
WTOPharma.com Ltd. has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to our Member's privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Website:
Privacy
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and administer our Website.
Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
We use cookies to track your transactions and maintain information about your activities on our site. Due to the technology utilized to build this site, the Website cannot operate without cookies. For more information about cookies, go to the Technical Requirements page of our website.
Our site's registration form requires users to give contact information (user name, address, telephone number and E-mail address).
The user can correct or update personal information in the Registration Information section of the Member Profile page.
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and information about bids. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the customer when necessary (for transportation or banking problems, for example). We may provide registration information (except license/permit, bank, and credit card number information) to certain of our third party partners and/or licensees to send users information regarding such third party products or services.
WTOPharma.com Pte Ltd. will not release specific personal information to any third party other than WTOPharma.com Pte Ltd.'s Internet partners. We will only use aggregate data to understand trends, pricing and other broad demographic information.
All information collected relating to the sale of products, licensing and registration of sellers and buyers and customer profiles will be made available to regulatory officials in the event of an emergency or to meet legal requirements.
Users may opt out of receiving future mailings; see the opt out section below.
Financial information that is collected is used to transfer funds to and/or from the customer's account for products and services.
This site contains links to other sites. WTOPharma.com Pte Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.
WTOPharma
ABOUT WTOPharma
TERMS & CONDITIONS
CONTACT US
PRIVACY
SERVICES
BUY PRODUCT
SELL PRODUCT
REQUEST FOR QUOTATION
VIEW TRADE LISTING
SELF SERVICE LINKS
FAQs
USER'S MANUAL
YOUR ACCOUNT
RETRIEVE PASSWORD
SUBSCRIBE / UNSUBSCRIBE
2020 WTOPharma. All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy.
Hide Chat
Support
×
YOUR VERY OWN WEBSITE
We provide you with the tools to expand your business
LOCALLY or GLOBALLY
Show Me
Professional Website
Your Products
Your Content
Facebook
YouTube
Responsive Website
Mobile
Tablet
Laptop
Computer
Do you want to reach your customers globally?
Yes, I want
Positive SSL