https://www.cannonbonoenergia.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Home About us ProductsSteam generatorsWater Tube Steam Generators Fire tubesUM series FT series SM and SG Series HE Smart series
Diathermic oil heatersOMV coil heater OMP multitubolar heater HTH multitubolar heavy duty heater
BiomassSteam Generators Diathermic Oil Superheated water
Superheated water boilersHot Water Heaters
Combustion and automationBurners Boiler control system
Heat recovery Boiler feedwater treatments
MarketsChemical District heating Energy Food and Beverage Paper Pharmaceutical Rubber and Plastic Textile Oil & Gas
Services Case Histories News Contacts
Cookie policyYou are here:HomeCookie policy
About cookies
Cookies are small text files that the sites visited by users send to their terminals, where they are stored to be re-transmitted to the same sites during subsequent visits. Cookies are used for different purposes, have different characteristics, and can be used either by the owner of the site you are visiting, or by third parties. Below you will find all the information on cookies installed through this site, and the necessary instructions on how to manage your preferences regarding them. For more information on cookies and their general functions, visit an informative website such as allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies used by this site
This ‘Cookie Policy’ concerns the use of cookies by the Cannon Group
Cookies relating to activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of the site and the provision of the service:
PHPSESSID: it is a technical session cookie. The PHPSESSID cookie is a PHP native cookie and allows websites to store session state data. The website is used to establish a user session and to communicate status data through a temporary cookie, commonly called session cookies. Because the PHPSESSID cookie has no expiration time, it disappears when you close the client.
wordpress_test_ cookie: it is a session cookie. Check the possibility of registering cookies on the user’s browser
Cookies related to the activities of saving preferences and optimization:
qtrans_cookie_test: it is a session cookie. It is a cookie for the choice of language. It does not collect information about users.
qtrans_admin_language: it is a session cookie. It is a cookie for the choice of language. It does not collect information about users.
wp-settings-1: is a cookie lasting 1 year. It is used to identify the single session of a user.
wp-settings-time-1: is a cookie lasting 1 year. It is used to identify the single session of a user
wfvt_: it is a session cookie. This cookie is used as a prevention against hacker attacks and attempts to violate the portal.
viewed_cookie_policy: is a cookie lasting 1 year. Used by WordPress to store acceptance of cookies.
wp-chgfontsize: is a cookie lasting 1 year. It’s a WordPress plug-in that allows users to dynamically change the font size.
wp-chgfontsize-units: is a cookie lasting 1 year. It’s a WordPress plug-in that allows users to dynamically change the font size..
_icl_current_language: is a cookie lasting one day. This cookie is used by the WPML plugin to manage the multilingual capabilities of the site.
_icl_visitor_lang_js: is a cookie lasting one day. This cookie is used by the WPML plugin to manage the multilingual capabilities of the site..
Statistical cookies used directly by the site operator to collect information in aggregate form:
_ga: is a third-party cookie lasting 2 years. It is a Google Analytics cookie used to distinguish users
_gat: is a third-party cookie lasting 10 minutes. It is a Google Analytics Cookie used to get an overview of the visitors to the mobile site.
__utma: is a cookie lasting two years. These cookies are used by Google Analytics to collect anonymous statistics on the use of the site.
__utmb: is a cookie lasting 30 minutes. These cookies are used by Google Analytics to collect anonymous statistics on the use of the site.
__utmc: it is a session cookie. These cookies are used by Google Analytics to collect anonymous statistics on the use of the site.__
utmt: is a cookie lasting 10 minutes. These cookies are used by Google Analytics to collect anonymous statistics on the use of the site.
__utmz: is a 6 month cookie. These cookies are used by Google Analytics to collect anonymous statistics on the use of the site.
Third Party Technical Cookies – Google Analytics and Yandex Metrica – User data not profiled at IP level.
All technical cookies do not require consent, so they are installed automatically as a result of access to the site.
Cookies for which consent is required
All cookies other than the aforementioned technical cookies are installed or activated only following the consent given by the user the first time they visit the site. The consent can be expressed in a general way, interacting with the banner of brief information on the landing page of the site, according to the methods indicated in this banner (by clicking on the OK button or on the X button, or continuing browsing, even with the scroll or through a link); or it can be provided or denied selectively, according to the methods indicated below. This consensus is tracked on the occasion of subsequent visits. However, the user always has the possibility of revoking all or part of the consent already expressed.
Cookies managed by third parties:
Through this site are also installed cookies managed by third parties. You will find below some indications, and a link to the privacy policy and to the consent form of each of them. For all you can express your consent even continuing the navigation or closing this window.
Youtube.com
GEUP: is a cookie lasting 2 years. Necessary for the third-party service of Youtube.
PREF: is a 6 month cookie. Required for the third-party Youtube service.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE: is a 6 month cookie. Necessary for the third-party service of Youtube.
YSC: is a cookie lasting 2 years. Required for the third-party Youtube service.
Privacy Policy: http://www.google.it/intl/it/policies/privacy/
Remember that you can manage your cookie preferences even through the browser
If you do not know the type and version of browser you are using, click on “Help” in the browser window at the top, where you can access all the necessary information.
If you know your browser, click on the one you are using to access the cookie management page.
Internet Explorer
http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-vista/block-or-allow-cookies
Google Chrome
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=it
Mozilla Firefox
http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Enabling%20and%20disabling%20cookies
Safari
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
For more information, visit the web site www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Search
Search:
Contact usTo discuss about your project, or for any other information, please contact us:
Name and surname
Company
Email
Your message
I have read the Privacy Policy and accept the terms and conditions, in accordance with the data protection statement.
I authorize newsletter subscriptionI do not authorize newsletter subscription
I authorize marketing communicationI do not authorize marketing communication
Please leave this field empty.
Go to Top
Questo sito o gli strumenti terzi da questo utilizzati si avvalgono di cookie necessari al funzionamento ed utili per offrirti un'esperienza di navigazione migliore attraverso la profilazione. Se vuoi saperne di più o negare il consenso, consulta la cookie policy. Chiudendo questo banner, cliccando su un link o proseguendo la navigazione in altra maniera, acconsenti all’uso dei cookie. OKPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.