http://www.leggmason.com/en-us/site/disclosure/social-media-policy.html
Social Media Policy
Social media guidelines
To keep social media communities useful for everyone, please keep the following guidelines in mind:
Stay relevant: Contribute to the discussion with information that would be of interest to your peers. Do not post advertisements.
Be respectful: Maintain a friendly environment. Do not post inappropriate or offensive material.
Avoid investment specifics: Do not post personal information; account information; testimonials; investment advice; or recommendations about specific securities, products, or services. Such opinions and experiences may not apply to others and their individual situations.
Respect your own privacy: Do not send or post personal information or account information via social media.
Comments and opinions posted by users are the responsibility of the person who posted them. Legg Mason does not adopt, endorse, or guarantee the accuracy of content posted by others, and such content does not represent the views of Legg Mason.
Followers who have a business relationship with Legg Mason or other beneficial interest in commenting are responsible for adhering to any restrictions for interacting online and any obligations to disclose that relationship or interest in their posts.
Legg Mason is not responsible for the terms of use or privacy or security policies on other websites. For Legg Mason’s privacy policy see the link at the bottom of this page.
This material is for information only and does not constitute an invitation to the public to invest in any funds, securities, strategies or other products. You should be aware that the investment opportunities described should normally be regarded as longer term investments and they may not be suitable for everyone.  All investments involve risk, including possible loss of principal. The value of investments and the income from them can go down as well as up and investors may not get back the amounts originally invested, and can be affected by changes in interest rates, in exchange rates, general market conditions, political, social and economic developments and other variable factors. Past performance is no guide to future returns and may not be repeated. Investment involves risks including but not limited to, possible delays in payments and loss of income or capital. Neither Legg Mason nor any of its affiliates guarantees any rate of return or the return of capital invested.  Unless otherwise noted the “$” (dollar sign) represents U.S. Dollars.
Please note that an investor cannot invest directly in an index. Forward-looking statements are subject to uncertainties that could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from the expectations expressed. This information has been prepared from sources believed reliable but the accuracy and completeness of the information cannot be guaranteed and is not a complete summary or statement of all available data. Individual securities mentioned are intended as examples of portfolio holdings and are not intended as buy or sell recommendations. Information and opinions expressed by either Legg Mason or its affiliates are current as at the date indicated, are subject to change without notice, and do not  take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situation or needs of individual investors.
Any information, statement or opinion set forth herein is general in nature, is not directed to or based on the financial situation or needs of any particular investor, and does not constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, forecast of future events, a guarantee of future results, or a recommendation with respect to any particular security or investment strategy or type of retirement account. Investors seeking financial advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any securities or investment strategies should consult their financial professional.
The information in this material is confidential and proprietary and may not be used other than by the intended user. Neither Legg Mason or its affiliates or any of their officer or employee of Legg Mason accepts any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from any use of this material or its contents. This material may not be reproduced, distributed or published without prior written permission from Legg Mason. Distribution of this material may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. Any persons coming into possession of this material should seek advice for details of, and observe such restrictions (if any).
This material may have been prepared by an advisor or entity affiliated with an entity mentioned below through common control and ownership by Legg Mason, Inc.
Modification of terms and conditions of use
Legg Mason reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms at any time. We suggest that you check these Terms periodically for changes. They can be accessed from via a link on our social media pages. Any changes, modifications, or additions to, or deletions from these Terms shall be effective upon posting on this website. If you use these social media pages after we post changes to the Terms, you accept the Terms as changed. Legg Mason expressly reserves the right to monitor any use of this website.
We reserve the right to remove and moderate comments posted to our social media pages. We also reserve the right to restrict users who have social media pages which contain offensive content or serve as promotional sites, or for any other reason.
Third party content
Legg Mason is not affiliated with any social media providers, including Twitter, YouTube, Facebook, LinkedIn or any of their related websites. Legg Mason is not responsible for the terms of use or privacy or security policies on these or any other third-party websites.
Legg Mason is in no way responsible for the content of any website, owned or operated by a third party, that may be linked to this website via hyperlink, whether such hyperlink is provided by Legg Mason or by a third party. In addition, Legg Mason is in no way responsible for the content of any third party website to which our social media pages may link. The information to which the user links is neither prepared nor maintained by Legg Mason, and Legg Mason has not and will not review or update the information contained in any linked website. Legg Mason is not responsible for, and makes no warranty with respect to the contents, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, suitability, or reliability of the linked website. In addition, Legg Mason has no responsibility or endorsement for the operations, services, messages, and advertisements that may appear on other websites. Use of these websites shall be at your own risk.
No offer or advice
Legg Mason’s social media pages are for informational purposes only and do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security that may be referenced on or through these websites. Nor do these websites constitute an offering or recommendation by Legg Mason of any security, investment management service, or advisory service. Legg Mason does not provide investment advice, tax advice, or legal advice through these websites, and you agree that these websites will not be used by you for such purposes. Legg Mason does not represent that the securities, products, or services discussed on, or accessible through these websites are suitable for any particular investor. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited, and the provision of any information through the websites shall not constitute or be considered investment advice, or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security.
Jurisdiction
The information provided on this website is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation, or which would subject Legg Mason or any of its services and products to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Legg Mason does not claim that the products or services referenced in this website are available in any particular jurisdiction or appropriate for any particular investor. In addition, this information is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, sell or hold any security to any person in any jurisdiction in which an offer, solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.
INVESTMENT PRODUCTS: NOT FDIC INSURED | NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE VALUE
All investors in the UK, professional clients and eligible counterparties in EU and EEA countries ex UK and Qualities Investors in Switzerland
Issued and approved by Legg Mason Investments (Europe) Limited, registered office 201 Bishopsgate, London EC2M 3AB. Registered in England and Wales, Company No. 1732037. Authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Client Services +44 (0)207 070 7444.
All Investors in Hong Kong and Singapore:
This material is provided by Legg Mason Asset Management Hong Kong Limited in Hong Kong and Legg Mason Asset Management Singapore Pte. Limited (Registration Number (UEN): 200007942R) in Singapore
This material has not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong or Singapore.
Qualified domestic institutional investors in the People’s Republic of China (PRC), Distributors and existing investors in Korea and Distributors in Taiwan:
This material is provided by Legg Mason Asset Management Hong Kong Limited to eligible recipients in the PRC and Korea and by Legg Mason Investments (Taiwan) Limited (Registration Number: (98) Jin Guan Tou Gu Xin Zi Di 001; Address: Suite E, 55F, Taipei 101 Tower, 7, Xin Yi Road, Section 5, Taipei 110, Taiwan, R.O.C.; Tel: (886) 2-8722 1666) in Taiwan. Legg Mason Investments (Taiwan) Limited operates and manages its business independently.
This material has not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in the PRC, Korea or Taiwan.
All Investors in the Americas:
This material is provided by Legg Mason Investor Services LLC, a U.S. registered Broker-Dealer, which may include Legg Mason International - Americas Offshore. Legg Mason Investor Services, LLC, Member FINRA/SIPC, and all entities mentioned are subsidiaries of Legg Mason, Inc.
All Investors in Australia:
This material is issued by Legg Mason Asset Management Australia Limited (ABN 76 004 835 839, AFSL 204827) (“Legg Mason”). The contents are proprietary and confidential and intended solely for the use of Legg Mason and the clients or prospective clients to whom it has been delivered. It is not to be reproduced or distributed to any other person except to the client’s professional advisers.
Close
You are leaving www.leggmason.com and being directed to a new site.
Decline
Accept
Close
Email to a Friend
Firm Approvals
Thank you. Your message has been sent.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Firm Name :
Select your firm or "OTHER" if firm is not listed
Your Firm'sName :
Recipient Name:
Recipient Email:
Subject:
Message:
Send a copy to my email address
Firm Name
Security:
This link leads to a website that is intended for U.S. investors only. The products and services described on the website are not available to non-U.S. investors. Non-U.S. investors should disregard this email. Legg Mason takes no liability for the onward transmission of this material. All investments involve risk, including possible loss of principal.
Legg Mason Investor Services, LLC is a subsidiary of Legg Mason, Inc. | 100 First Stamford Place | Stamford, CT | 06902 © 2017 Legg Mason Investor Services, LLC. Member FINRA, SIPC
DID YOU KNOW THAT YOUR INTERNET BROWSER IS OUT OF DATE?
Your browser is out of date and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below.
Note: If you are seeing this pop up in Internet Explorer and are running version 8 or higher, please go into Tools (ALT+T), and then to Compatibility View Settings and make sure "Display Intranet Sites in Compatibility View" is not checked.
Upgrade Explorer
Get Firefox
Get Chrome
By closing this window you acknowledge that your experience on this website may be degraded.
Close This Window