https://www.vexcon.com/terms-of-use/
Concrete Solutions for architects, engineers and builders since 1974
ResourcesColor Charts and Request Custom ColorsCustomer ServiceLEED InformationLocate a DistributorProduct Brochures and Sales AidsProduct and LEED CertificationsProduct Warranty InformationProject ProfileSpecificationsTechnical NotesTechnical SupportVOC Guide and MapAbout VexconRequest InfoFind ProductsProduct CategoryProduct LineMarket ServedAlphabetical ListBy BrandBy CSI NumberContact UsCustomer ServiceTechnical Support
Find Your Concrete Solution:Product CategoryProduct LineMarket ServedDesign ProfessionalsGreen Initiatives/LEED
Terms Of Use
Vexcon Chemicals TERMS OF USE
Acceptance of Terms of Use
By using, visiting, or browsing any web site or portal published by Vexcon Chemicals, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms of Use and agree, without limitation, to the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, please do not use our services or visit our Web Site. Acceptance of these Terms of Use constitutes a legal agreement between you and Vexcon Chemicals.
Changes to Terms of Use
Vexcon Chemicals may at any time revise these Terms of Use and/or our Privacy Policy. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and conditions to which you are bound. Your use of the Web Site after changes are made means you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy of the Web Site you visit as such Terms of Use and Privacy Policy exist at that time.
Limitations of Use
You must be 18 years of age or older to access our Web Site or use our services. By accessing our Web Site, you agree not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the Web Site. You also agree not to interfere with the servers or networks connected to the Web Site or to violate any of the procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Web Site, the terms of which are incorporated herein. You also agree not to (i) impersonate any other person while using the Web Site, (ii) conduct yourself in an inappropriate, offensive, indecent, or vulgar manner while using our service or Web Site, or (iii) use the Web Site for any unlawful purpose. You further agree to only submit content to the Web Site that is in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and is (a) owned by you, (b) submitted with the express permission of the owner or within the scope of the license to such content, or (c) in the public domain. Vexcon Chemicals reserves the right to terminate your access to the Web Site or any of its services if it determines that you do not comply with these terms and conditions; provide false, inaccurate, or incomplete information during our registration process; engage in any conduct that would otherwise harm any of Vexcon Chemical’s rights or interests in its Web Site, services, or other property; or for any or no reason whatsoever without prior notice to you.
Monitoring and Management of Content of Web Site
Vexcon Chemicals shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Web Site to determine compliance with these Terms of Use and any other operating rules established by Vexcon Chemical, as well as to determine compliance with applicable laws, including but not limited to, copyright laws. Vexcon Chemical shall have the right in its sole discretion to edit, refuse to post, block access to, or remove any material submitted to or posted on the Web Site that Vexcon Chemicals finds to be in violation of these Terms of Use or that Vexcon Chemicals believes may violate laws or the rights of others, including, without limitation, laws against copyright infringement, and rights of privacy and publicity.
Links
Some of the hyperlinks on the Web Site may lead to third-party web sites. These web sites are not controlled by, or affiliated with, Vexcon Chemicals. In addition, other web sites may link to our Web Sites. Vexcon Chemicals is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these third-party web sites.
Intellectual Property
The elements of the Web Site, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, depictions, designs, photographs, images, digital downloads, data compilations, sound, video, and software are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, and trade dress laws and are the property of Vexcon Chemicals or its affiliates. The compilation of the content on the Web Site is the exclusive property of Vexcon Chemical.
Copyrights
The copyright in all materials provided on the Web Site is owned by Vexcon Chemicals or its affiliate(s). Except as stated herein, none of the material contained in the Web Site may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Vexcon Chemicals. Permission is hereby granted to view, copy, print and download the materials on the Web Site for personal, noncommercial use only provided such materials are used for informational purposes only, and all copies or portions thereof, include this copyright notice. Vexcon Chemicals may revoke any of the foregoing rights at any time. You may not, without Vexcon Chemicals prior written consent, “mirror” any material contained on the Web Site on any other server. Upon termination of any rights extended hereunder, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials obtained from the Web Site. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on the Web Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Trademarks
The trademarks, StarSeal®, Certi-Vex®, StarSeal EF®, PowerCoat®, MoistureBloc®, Certi-Shine®, Paver Renue®, service marks and logos (“Trademarks”) used and displayed on the Web Site are registered or unregistered Trademarks of Vexcon Chemicals. Nothing on the Web Site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the or any Trademark may not be used in any way including in any advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on the Web Site without the prior written consent of Vexcon Chemical. Vexcon Chemical prohibits the use of any Vexcon Chemical logo and Trademark as a “hot” link to any web site unless establishment of such link is approved in advance by Vexcon Chemical in writing.
Submissions
You are responsible for all information you provide to Vexcon Chemicals or post on the interactive site(s). If Vexcon Chemicals has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Vexcon Chemicals has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the site and hold you responsible for any claim or damages arising from such information. Any messages or other postings without a valid email address verification are subject to removal. Any information you post on this site is subject to disclosure to any regulatory or criminal authority or third party.
Information and messages you post on this site are posted at your own risk. Vexcon Chemicals is not responsible for and disclaims all liability related to your use of this site or reliance on the information posted on this site. Vexcon Chemicals is not responsible for the accuracy, content, or reliability of any information posted on this site by other users.
Use of Information and Materials Submitted to the Web Site
Vexcon Chemicals is free to use any photos, drawings, text, comments, suggestions, information, ideas, concepts, reviews, techniques and/or any other content or information (collectively and severally, “Materials”) submitted by you to Vexcon Chemicals and/or contained in any communication you may send to Vexcon Chemicals (through the Web Site or otherwise) without further compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you, for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the Web Site or other Web Site. Any Materials that are submitted shall become, and remain, the property of Vexcon Chemicals. You hereby assign all right, title and interest in such Materials to Vexcon Chemicals. Without limiting the foregoing, Vexcon Chemicals may use, reproduce, edit, display, transmit, prepare derivative works of, modify, publish, and otherwise make use of Materials in any and all media, whether now known or hereinafter created, throughout the world and for any purpose, without compensation to you of any kind. In the event that any such Materials cannot be so assigned to Vexcon Chemicals, you hereby grant Vexcon Chemicals an irrevocable, world-wide, fully-paid, royalty-free license to use the Materials as otherwise described in these Terms of Use and for any other purpose. Vexcon Chemicals is not responsible for the confidentiality of any information communicated to our Web Site. By communicating material to our Web Site, you agree that Vexcon Chemicals has the right to publish the material for any purpose, including, but not limited to, advertising and promotional purposes. You acknowledge and agree that Vexcon Chemicals shall have no obligation to post, display, or otherwise make publicly available any Materials submitted by you. Any information submitted on the Web Site is subject to the Vexcon Chemicals Privacy Policy, the terms of which are incorporated herein.
You acknowledge and agree that Materials submitted by you may be made available by Vexcon Chemicals for viewing, rating, reviewing, and commenting by the public. You acknowledge that comments or ratings that you disagree with or are unhappy about may be published or otherwise become associated with Materials that you submit to Vexcon Chemicals. By submitting Materials to Vexcon Chemicals, you waive any privacy expectations that you may have with respect to the Materials and agree that Vexcon Chemicals is not responsible or liable for any viewing, rating, reviewing, and commenting by the public with respect to any Materials.
By submitting Materials to Vexcon Chemicals, you represent and warrant that the Materials comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and do not infringe any copyright, trademark, property rights, rights of privacy or publicity of any person, or any other right (including without limitation intellectual property and proprietary rights) of any third party and that you have the full and unrestricted right to transfer the Materials to Vexcon Chemicals, free and clear of any claims or encumbrances. You agree to hold Vexcon Chemicals and its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns harmless from and against—and hereby waive any right to pursue—any claims of any nature arising in connection with any breach of the foregoing representation and warranty and/or Vexcon Chemicals’ use of the Materials submitted to Vexcon Chemicals and used in any manner in Vexcon Chemicals’ sole and absolute discretion.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
THE CONTENT (IN WHATEVER FORM OR MEDIA) CONTAINED ON THE WEB SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WE ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT OF THE WEB SITE; ANY FAILURES, DELAYS, OR INTERRUPTIONS IN THE DELIVERY OF ANY CONTENT CONTAINED ON THE WEB SITE; ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE CONTENT PROVIDED ON THE WEB SITE; OR ANY CONDUCT BY USERS OF THE WEB SITE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, VEXCON CHEMICAL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER VIOLATIONS OF RIGHTS.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL VEXCON CHEMICAL, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE (JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY) FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFIT, ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE MATERIALS ON THE WEB SITE, EVEN IF VEXCON CHEMICALS OR A VEXCON CHEMICAL REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF ANY APPLICABLE AUTHORITY HOLDS ANY PORTION OF THIS SECTION TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, THEN LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Vexcon Chemical, its officers, directors, employees, and agents, from and against any claims, actions, or demands, including, but not limited to, reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your use of the Web Site or your breach of these Terms of Use. Vexcon Chemical shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and may, at Vexcon Chemical’s discretion, assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit, or proceeding.
Choice of Law
You agree that any issue or dispute arising out of or in connection with your use of our Web Site, intellectual property, the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy, or any matter concerning Vexcon Chemical shall be governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Pennsylvania. You agree that any such issue or dispute shall be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in Philadelphia, PA. If any provision of the Terms of Use or Privacy Policy is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use or Privacy Policy, which shall remain in full force and effect. By using the Web Site, you agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including export and re-export control laws and regulations of the United States. The material provided on the Web Site is protected by law including, but not limited to, United States copyright and trademark law and international treaties. Vexcpon Chemical makes no representation that materials contained in the Web Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the Web Site from locations outside the United States do so at their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Promotions/SpecialsGurad/Film Forming Sealers
Penetrating Sealer and Concrete Curing in one easy-to-use product.
Privacy PolicyTerms Of UseSitemap
ResourcesColor Charts and Request Custom ColorsCustomer ServiceLEED InformationLocate a DistributorProduct Brochures and Sales AidsProduct and LEED CertificationsProduct Warranty InformationProject ProfileSpecificationsTechnical NotesTechnical SupportVOC Guide and MapAbout VexconRequest InfoFind ProductsProduct CategoryProduct LineMarket ServedAlphabetical ListBy BrandBy CSI NumberContact UsCustomer ServiceTechnical Support