https://www.peoplesbancorp.com/privacy
Skip to main content
SIGN IN
online banking
PersonalBusiness
Site
Web
Search
×
close
For the safety of our associates and clients, bank lobbies are open by appointment. Please call the branch directly to access the lobby. Drive thrus are open with normal business hours.
Contact Us    1.800.374.6123 Locations
Personal Business
SIGN IN
online banking
PersonalBusiness
Banking
Checking
Checking Accounts
Order Checks
ONLINE & MOBILE BANKING
Mobile Banking
Send money with Zelle
E-Statements
SAVINGS, MONEY MARKET & CDs
Savings Accounts
Money Market Accounts
CDs & CDARS
ADDITIONAL SERVICES
Banking Protection
Identity Theft Aid
OPEN AN ACCOUNT
CREDIT CARDS
Business
Banking
Checking
Checking Accounts
Debit Cards
Savings Accounts
Savings & Money Markets
CDs & CDARS
ONLINE & MOBILE BANKING
Online Banking & Bill Pay
Mobile Banking
E-Statements
BUSINESS CREDIT CARDS
INTERNATIONAL SERVICES
Borrowing
Lines of Credit
Term Loans
Real Estate Loans
SBA/USDA LOANS
COMMERCIAL & STANDBY LETTERS OF CREDIT
FLOOR PLANNING
LOCATE A BUSINESS BANKER
Treasury Management
Treasury Management Overview
Deposit & Liquidity Solutions
Account Analysis
Sweep Accounts
Receivables Solutions
Remote Deposit Capture
Lockbox
Merchant Services
Vault Services
Payables Solutions
Automated Clearing House
Fraud Mitigation
Image Services
Business Online Payroll
Business Purchasing Card
Locate a Business Banker
Insurance
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
WHY CHOOSE US
Insurance Customer Portal
Get a quote
Locate a specialist
Premium Finance
Investing
PEOPLES INVESTMENT SERVICES
About Us
About Peoples
Find A career
FIND A LOCATION
CONTACT US
Borrowing
Home Loans
Mortgages
Home Equity Line of Credit
PERSONAL LOANS
Auto & Recreational Vehicle Loans
Unsecured Loans & Lines of Credit
Find a Mortgage Consultant
Insurance
HOME & AUTO INSURANCE
Protect Your Home
Protect Your Vehicles
HEALTH INSURANCE
Health Insurance
Disability Insurance
LIFE INSURANCE
SPECIALTY PROTECTION
WHY CHOOSE US
Get a Quote
Insurance Customer Portal
Locate a Specialist
Investing
Peoples Investment Services
Trust & Fiduciary Services
Retirement Solutions
FINANCIAL PLANNING
Estates & Charitable Giving
Locate a Specialist
About Us
ABOUT PEOPLES
INVESTOR RELATIONS
FIND A CAREER
BUNDLED SOLUTIONS
COMMITMENT TO COMMUNITIES
Robert E Evans Scholarship
Grant Application
CONTACT US
Find A Location
Media Center
Privacy, Security & Identity Protection
Main Content
PRIVACY & SECURITY
How can you protect your privacy and security?
ATM, Card and PIN Safety
first
Choosing an ATM
Where possible, use ATMs with which you are most familiar. Alternatively, choose well-lit, well-placed ATMs where you feel comfortable.
Scan the whole ATM area before you approach it. Avoid using the ATM altogether if there are any suspicious looking individuals around or it looks too isolated or unsafe.
Avoid opening your purse, bag or wallet while in the line for the ATM. Have your card ready in your hand before you approach the ATM.
Notice if anything looks unusual or suspicious about the ATM indicating it might have been altered. If the ATM appears to have any attachments to the card slot or key pad, do not use it. Check for unusual instructions on the display screen and for suspicious blank screens. If you suspect that the ATM has been interfered with, proceed to another ATM and inform the bank.
Avoid ATMs which have messages or signs fixed to them indicating that the screen directions have been changed, especially if the message is posed over the card reader. Banks and other ATM owners will not put up messages directing you to specific ATMs, nor would they direct you to use an ATM which has been altered.
Using an ATM
Be especially cautious when strangers offer to help you at an ATM, even if your card is stuck or you are experiencing difficulty with the transaction. You should not allow anyone to distract you while you are at the ATM.
Check that other individuals in the line keep an acceptable distance from you. Be on the look-out for individuals who might be watching you enter your PIN.
Stand close to the ATM and shield the keypad with your hand when keying in your PIN (you may wish to use the knuckle of your middle finger to key in the PIN).
Follow the instructions on the display screen, e.g. do not key in your PIN until the ATM requests you to do so.
If you feel the ATM is not working normally, press the Cancel key and withdraw your card and then proceed to another ATM, reporting the matter to your financial institution.
Never force your card into the card slot.
Keep your printed transaction record so that you can compare your ATM receipts to your monthly statement.
If your card gets jammed, retained, or lost, or if you are interfered with at an ATM, report this immediately to the bank and/or police using the help line provided.
Do not be in a hurry during the transaction and carefully secure your card & cash in your wallet, handbag or pocket before leaving the ATM.
Managing Your ATM Use
Memorize your PIN (if you must write it down, do so in a disguised manner and never carry it with your card).
NEVER disclose your PIN to anyone, whether to a family member, bank staff or police.
Do not use obvious and guessable numbers for your PIN like your date of birth, or the last four digits of your phone number.
Change your PIN periodically, and, if you think it may have been compromised, change it immediately.
Set your daily ATM withdrawal limit at your branch at levels you consider reasonable.
Regularly check your account balance and bank statements and report any discrepancies to your bank immediately.
ATM Security Tip
An ATM scam involves thieves putting a thin, clear, rigid plastic sleeve into the ATM card slot. When you insert your card, the machine can't read the strip, so it keeps asking you to re-enter your PIN number.
Meanwhile, someone behind you watches as you tap in your number. Eventually you give up, thinking the machine has swallowed your card and you walk away. The thief then removes the plastic sleeve complete with card information and empties your account.
The way to avoid this is to run your finger along the card slot before you put your card in. The sleeve has a couple of tiny prongs that the thieves need to get the sleeve out of the slot, and you'll be able to feel them.
Card and PIN Safety
Report lost or stolen credit cards immediately!
Sign your card on the signature panel as soon as you receive it.
Protect your cards as if they were cash—never let them out of your sight.
Don't leave your credit cards in your car's glove compartment. An alarmingly high proportion of all credit card thefts are from car glove compartments.
Never write down your PIN—memorize it.
Ensure that you get your card back after every purchase.
Always check sales vouchers for the correct purchase amount before you sign them, and keep copies of your vouchers and ATM receipts.
Always check your billing statement and verify the amounts of your purchases.
Make a comprehensive list of all your cards and their numbers and store it in a safe place.
Don't volunteer any personal information when you use your credit card, other than by displaying personal ID as requested by a merchant.
Don't lend your card to anybody. You are responsible for its use. Some credit card misuse can be traced directly to family and friends.
Never disclose your PIN to anyone. No one from a financial institution, the police, or a merchant should ask for your PIN. You are the only person who needs to know it. When selecting a PIN, always avoid the obvious—your name, telephone number, date of birth, or any simple combination thereof.
To ensure the proper use of your debit card while traveling in foreign countries, please contact a Peoples Bank representative for assistance.
Online and Email Security
first
Email Security
Never send payment information via email. Unlike secure web sites that protect your private data, email-or any other exchange of information over the Internet, such as instant messaging-is not fully protected from being read by outside parties.
Be aware of any email message that requests personal data-such as passwords, PINs, or your social security number-or sends you to a web site that asks for such information. These messages may involve the illegal practice of "spoofing," or forging an email address to resemble another, legitimate address and business.
Note: Never send personal information via email.
If you have received an email that spoofs Peoples Bank, please click here to notify Peoples Bank of the specifics of the illegal email (including a print screen of the email would be helpful).
Please be advised that some of our valued customers have received fraudulent email messages requesting their Peoples Bank account information. These emails are not from Peoples Bank; responding to these emails with your account information could lead to financial losses or identity theft. Peoples Bank does not request personal information on our clients via email. Please contact Customer Care by phone or email if you are suspicious about email requests regarding your financial account information.
Please be aware that fraudulent emails are in circulation claiming to be from the IRS. These emails claim everything from saying that someone has enrolled your credit card number in the IRS' EFTPS payment system to stating you are entitled to a federal tax refund. These emails instruct the recipient to visit a site by clicking on a link provided in the email. Please note that the IRS Antifraud Commission is a fictitious group and the IRS does NOT send unsolicited emails asking for personal information. If you receive an email such as this, please send it to the IRS at phishing@irs.gov for investigation.
Examples of Phishing Emails
+ Phishing Email #1
>
Alert: It has come to our attention that fraudulent e-mails were distributed from alert@peoplesbancorp.com to random e-mail addresses in our market area directing Peoples Bank clients to change their online banking passwords. Please be aware Peoples Bank did not send this communication. Additionally, Peoples Bank does not ask you to verify or change your password through a solicitation such as this. An example of this email is shown below. If you received this email and changed your password through the email link, please contact the Customer Care Center immediately at 800-374-6123 option 0 or by email to online_banking@peoplesbancorp.com
Note: The fraudulent request to change your password would have come through your email on March 10, 2010 and not through the Peoples Bank website or online banking.
Fraudulent Email Example #1
The subject line may read:
Subject : Restricted Access
Dear Customer,
Your access to internet banking has been temporarily restricted because of several suspicious login attempts from an unauthorized computer. This security measure is to avert any fraudulent activity from your account.
Quickly regain your internet banking access by reinitializing your account information and authenticating your identity.
Please note that your internet banking access will remain restricted until you complete this process.
Click here to continue (Link Has been Disabled)
Thank you for the opportunity to serve you.
Peoples Bancorp.
+ Phishing Email #2
Note: Never send personal information via email.
These emails are NOT from Peoples Bank and responding to these emails with your account information could lead to financial losses or identity theft. Peoples Bank does not request personal information on our clients via email. Please contact Customer Care by phone or email if you are suspicious about email requests regarding your financial account information.
Example #2
Dear Customer,
People's Online is designed using state-of-the-art technology to make it fast, simple, and reliable, so you can manage your finances without worrying about technical issues. If however, you are experiencing problems using People's Online on the Internet, we want to help you resolve the issue as quickly as possible.
A fundamental element of safeguarding your confidential information is to provide protection against unauthorized access or use of this information. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal guidelines to guard your nonpublic personal information against unauthorized access. Our mission is to reduce the instance of fraud.
Account Lock Out
Your account becomes locked out as a security precaution when your account has had more than 3 invalid passwords entered.
A User ID is allowed only three attempts before it is locked. Therefore we have locked your account until further assistance. To reset or unlock your checking account, follow the important steps from Unlock Service Page. By clicking the link provided below you will be sent to online secure service page:
LINK REMOVED FROM EXAMPLE
Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. Please understand that this is a security measure meant to help protect you and your confidential information. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, and appreciate your assistance in helping us maintain the integrity of the entire Fulton Financial Corporation system.
About People's | Investor Relations | Press Room
© 2005 People's Bank. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender Privacy | Terms & Conditions | Security Information
BPT
+ Phishing Email #3
Note: Never send personal information via email.
These emails are NOT from Peoples Bank and responding to these emails with your account information could lead to financial losses or identity theft. Peoples Bank does not request personal information on our clients via email. Please contact Customer Care by phone or email if you are suspicious about email requests regarding your financial account information.
Example #3
The subject line may read one of the following:
Subject : Attention - Important Customer Information
Subject : Read carefully - Important Notification
As a Peoples Bank customer, your privacy and security is a primary task for us. We have been dedicated to customer safety and protection and our mission remains as strong as ever. We inform you that your Net Banking account is about to expire. It is strongly recommended to update it immediately. Update form is located here: [LINK]
+ Phishing Email #4
Note: Never send personal information via email.
These emails are NOT from Peoples Bank and responding to these emails with your account information could lead to financial losses or identity theft. Peoples Bank does not request personal information on our clients via email. Please contact Customer Care by phone or email if you are suspicious about email requests regarding your financial account information.
Alert: It has come to our attention that fraudulent e-mails were distributed from online.banking@peoplesbancorp.com to random e-mail addresses in our market area directing Peoples Bank clients to change their online banking passwords. Please be aware Peoples Bank did not send this communication. Additionally, Peoples Bank does not ask you to verify or change your password through a solicitation such as this. An example of this email is shown below. If you received this email and changed your password through the email link, please contact the Customer Care Center immediately at 800.374.6123 option 0 or by email to online_banking@peoplesbancorp.com .
Note: The fraudulent request to change your password would have come through your email on June 17, 2009 and not through the Peoples Bank website or online banking.
Example #4
The subject line may read:
Subject: Update your information
Dear Customer, Your online banking password has expired. Our security system automatically expires all passwords after 90 days. This security measure is to secure your accounts from unauthorized access and fraudulent transactions via online banking. The steps below will guide you on how to create a new and more secure password:
Click here to change your password (Link removed from example)
Six essential elements of password security:
Do not tell anyone your password.
Do not write your password down anywhere. (Except temporary passwords that you change immediately).
Make your password easy for you to remember but hard for someone else to guess.
If you think there is even a chance someone else might know your password, change it.
Change your password periodically, even if you think nobody knows it.
Make sure no one is watching when you enter your password.
A secure password is: at least 8 characters long — longer is better composed of three of these character classes: lower-case letters: abcd... upper-case letters: ABCD... numeric: 1234... non-alphanumeric: !@#$$,"... Please change your password (Link removed from example)
Sincerely, Peoples Bancorp
+ Phishing Email #5
Note: Never send personal information via email.
These emails are NOT from Peoples Bank and responding to these emails with your account information could lead to financial losses or identity theft. Peoples Bank does not request personal information on our clients via email. Please contact Customer Care by phone or email if you are suspicious about email requests regarding your financial account information.
Example #5
Your request for Express Transfer from your Peoples Bank account to your bank account ending in 6297, has been received and is in process.
This process usually takes 6-8 working hours to complete but is dependent on your account preferences.
See, Change or Cancel this Transfer at: LINK REMOVED FROM EXAMPLE
If there is a problem with your request, it may take up to one week for your bank to notify us. We will notify you immediately by email if we learn of any problems in processing your request.
Yours sincerely,
The Peoples Bank Team
Peoples Bank E-mail & Wireless Banking Alerts - Email ID Ci0723456df45IJ7NG
Bill Pay Safety
If you are using Bill Pay and a new screen appears out of context asking you to provide sensitive information, do not provide this information. If in doubt of the validity of a Bill Pay screen, please contact Customer Care at 800-374-6123 option 0.
Spyware
Spyware and adware can come in many forms; some come bundled with free software, others exploit known security weaknesses in your computer’s web browser to put themselves on your computer. Often these programs will merely track your browsing and searching habits, recording where you go and how often. Peoples Bank has taken the initiative to assist you in protecting your privacy and personal information. Below you will find a brief introduction to what spyware is, and how to further educate yourself about it.
Spyware consists of computer software that gathers information about a computer user and then transmits this information to an external entity without the knowledge or informed consent of the user. Though spyware and the related adware are not critical threats to your privacy, they do gather and transmit information about activity on a computer.
Adware is software that may have been installed on your computer by a remote site. Many free utilities that you download from the internet will install hidden software that sends details of the websites you visit and other information from your computer (which can include your email address) to advertisers so they can target you with popup ads and spam. More malicious adware will change your homepage or default search engine, add inappropriate favorites to your bookmarks list, and inundate you with pop-ups.
Due to the complexity and amount of knowledge required to properly remove spyware, it is recommended that you not attempt this yourself. Instead contact your technical support or local computer service shop. If you choose to attempt removing spyware yourself, Peoples Bank cannot be held liable. We simply want to inform you of an increasing hazard of being connected to the Internet.
Further Resources on Spyware:
10 Ways to avoid viruses and spyware
Wikipedia.com Online Encyclopedia - Spyware
Identity Theft Protection
first
Identity theft occurs when someone uses your personal information such as your name, Social Security number, credit card number or other identifying information without your permission to commit fraud or other crimes.
Identity theft is a serious crime. People whose identities have been stolen can spend months or years – and much of their hard-earned money - cleaning up the mess thieves have made of their good name and credit record. In the meantime, victims may lose job opportunities, be refused loans, education, housing or cars, or even get arrested for crimes they didn't commit.
If you think your identity has been stolen, here's what to do now:
Contact the fraud departments of any one of the three major credit bureaus to place a fraud alert on your credit file. The fraud alert requests creditors to contact you before opening any new accounts or making any changes to your existing accounts. As soon as the credit bureau confirms your fraud alert, the other two credit bureaus will be automatically notified to place fraud alerts, and all three credit reports will be sent to you free of charge. The companies' toll-free numbers are: Equifax, 1.800.525.6285; Experian, 1.888.397.3742; and TransUnion, 1.800.680.7289.
Close the accounts that you know or believe have been tampered with or opened fraudulently. Use the ID Theft Affidavit when disputing new unauthorized accounts.
File a police report. Get a copy of the report to submit to your creditors and others that may require proof of the crime.
File your complaint with the FTC. The FTC maintains a database of identity theft cases used by law enforcement agencies for investigations. Filing a complaint also helps us learn more about identity theft and the problems victims are having so that we can better assist you. (FTC Hotline 1.877.438.4338)
For more detailed information on recovering after ID Theft, download this pdf from the FTC: IDENTITY THEFT - A RECOVERY PLAN
(formerly TAKE CHARGE: FIGHTING BACK AGAINST IDENTITY THEFT). This revised booklet helps consumers remedy the effects of ID Theft, describes what steps to take, consumers' legal rights, and how to handle specific problems on the way to clearing their name.
Frauds & Scams
first
From counterfeit checks to sweepstakes and lottery winnings, if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Many forms of solicitation can be legitimate but learn to recognize those that aren't. Find out more:
https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/
Ethics Hotline: 877.888.0002
Peoples Bank will never call, email or text message you to ask for your personal info or online banking credentials. If you suspect someone is trying to gain access to your account, please contact us at 1.800.374.6123
Mail & Phone Safety
first
Mail and telephone solicitation bring many tempting offers, but not all are legitimate. What can you do to protect yourself?
Find out more:
https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/topics/privacy-identity-online-security
As a reminder: Peoples Bank will never call, text or email asking for your account information or debit card number. DO NOT SHARE your online banking credentials, passwords or pin numbers. Be very cautious with unsolicited emails, phone calls and texts. If you suspect someone is trying to gain access to your account, please contact us at 1.800.374.6123
How do we protect your privacy and security?
Privacy Statement
first
Dear Valued Client,
Peoples Bank is required by law to provide its customers with a notice that accurately describes our Privacy Policy and practices. Beyond the requirements of the law, we value your relationship and your privacy, and we are committed to protecting your personal information and honoring your privacy preferences.
We promise to protect your privacy.
Peoples Bank does not share nonpublic information about you with third-party marketers outside of the Peoples family of companies without your consent, except as explained in the enclosed notice. We are permitted to disclose nonpublic personal information to nonaffiliated companies with which we have entered into joint marketing agreements (examples include mutual fund companies, broker dealers, and insurance companies). We choose such non-affiliates carefully and require them to not use your private information other than to service your account or make you aware of special offers that may be of interest to you.
We may share customer information within the Peoples family of companies in an effort to better serve your financial needs. If you prefer, you can opt out of this sharing of information as outlined in our notice.
We promise to honor your privacy preferences.
In terms of sharing information within our family of companies, we will honor your privacy preference. If in the past you have already opted out of sharing information within the Peoples family of companies, there is no need to do anything further. If you have not, and do not want your information shared within the Peoples family of companies, please inform us as outlined in our notice.
We promise to secure your information.
Security of information is a top priority for the Peoples family of companies. We comply with federal standards to protect your information through physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards.
We want to assure you that the Peoples family of companies protects your privacy. If you have any questions about our Privacy Notice or practice, or how we protect your information, please call us at 1-800-374-6123 or contact any Peoples associate.
Our company's core values are based on conducting business with integrity, and we are committed to maintaining your trust and confidence. Thank you for the opportunity to serve your financial needs.
Sincerely,
Mark Augenstein
Senior Vice President, Operations
View Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
first
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective June 30, 2020
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) governs the manner in which Peoples Bank and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “Peoples”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User,” or “you”) of its services and the www.peoplesbancorp.com website and its features as well as any other Peoples branded or co-branded websites and applications (including sub-domains, international versions, widgets, mobile versions, and mobile apps) (“Site”). By using our Site or services, you signify your acceptance of this Policy.
Financial Information
Personally identifiable financial information you provide to us in connection with our financial products and services is subject to our Financial Products & Services Privacy Policy and our annual Privacy Notice, each of which is expressly incorporated into this Policy.
Personally identifiable information
We collect personally identifiable information in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users provide information to us directly and indirectly, including from activity on our Site, and from third parties that interact with us in connection with the services we perform or in connection with our marketing efforts. We may collect, use, store, and transfer different kinds of personally identifiable information about you, which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data:  includes first name, maiden name, last name, alias, profile picture, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth gender; postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, and other similar identifiers
User-generated Content: includes comments or messages provided in free text boxes.
Marketing and Communications Data: includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80: signature, physical characteristics or description, state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information, medical information, and health insurance information
Protected Classifications: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, color, national origin, age, sex, gender, and military and veteran status
Commercial Information: commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Online Activity: Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements
Sensory Information: audio, electronic, visual, and similar information
Employment Information: professional or employment-related information
Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We will collect personally identifiable information from Users if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information; however, refusing to provide personally identifiable information may prevent a User from engaging in certain Site-related activities or limit our ability to provide services.
Cookies and Trackers
We automatically collect other information about Users whenever they interact with our Site through the use of cookies and similar technologies such as web beacons. This automatically collected information may include the browser name, the type of computer, the IP address, the domains from which Users are referred to the Site, and technical information about a User’s means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. We may later associate the usage and other information we collect online with other information about you, as permitted or required by law. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Site but please note that blocking or disabling certain necessary cookies may limit your ability to use some parts of the Site.
How we use collected information
We collect and use our Users’ information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site and services - We use your information and share it with select third parties in order to display content on the Site correctly and to otherwise make the Site function properly. We also use your information and share it with select third parties in order to operate our business, provide our services, and maintain and develop the Site.
To improve customer service - Information you provide helps us respond to customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To research our services - We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use our services and our Site and to evaluate the effectiveness of our services, the Site, and our marketing and business efforts.
To improve our services - We use User information and feedback and share it with select third parties to improve our products and services.
To provide Users with information, products and services - We use User information and share it with select third parties on an ongoing basis to provide you with information, products and services, including news and marketing information about our services and the services of select third parties.
To send periodic emails - We may use your email address to send you information and updates or to respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
We may also disclose any collected information, including personally identifiable information, if: (1) the disclosure is necessary or useful to our provision of services; (2) we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, interests, or property; (3) we are acting in good faith to protect your safety or the safety of others, to investigate fraud, or to respond to a government request; (4) we believe in good faith the disclosure is required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, search warrant, court order, or similar legal or administrative process; and (5) a third party purchases or otherwise acquires us, in which case your information will likely be among the assets transferred.
How we protect your information
We have adopted appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to help protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored in connection with our business.
Sharing your personal information
In addition to the uses and disclosures described above, we may share or sell information with third parties for marketing or other purposes who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these other websites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies, including the privacy policy.
California Privacy Rights
California residents please see the California Privacy Rights Addendum attached to and made a part of this Policy.
Changes to this Policy
We have the discretion to update this Policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your continued use of the Site or our services following the posting of changes to this Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Children’s Privacy
The Site is not designed to solicit or collect data from individuals under the age of 13.  In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13.  If we discover we have received any information from a child under the age of 13 in violation of this Policy, we will delete that information within a reasonable time.  If you believe that we have any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us at the contact points specified below.
Controlling and Updating Your Personally Identifiable Information
If you believe that we have information about you that needs to be updated or corrected, you can update that information by contacting us at the contact information below.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Policy, the practices of this Site, or our data practices, please contact us at 800-374-6123.
California Privacy Rights Addendum to Peoples Bank Privacy Policy
(California Residents)
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Residents
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) signed into law June 28, 2018 and entering into effect Jan. 1, 2020, California residents have certain rights and privileges. You can exercise any of the following rights by notifying us as described below:
Disclosure Request. Upon request and when possible, we will disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. Additionally, you may also obtain the categories of information about you that we have sold, the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold, and the categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose. You may submit these requests via email to privacy@pebo.com; by calling 1-800-374-6123; or by visiting https://www.peoplesbancorp.com/ccpa.  When such a request cannot be honored, we will advise you accordingly.
Deletion. If you should wish to cease use of our Site and have your personal data deleted from our Site, then you may submit a request by emailing us at privacy@pebo.com; by calling 1-800-374-6123; or by visiting https://www.peoplesbancorp.com/ccpa.  Upon receipt of a verifiable request for deletion, we will confirm receipt and will confirm once your personal data has been deleted.  To exercise this right via email, simply type the words “Personal Data Deletion” in the subject line of your email.
Right to Sue for Security Breaches. You also have the right to sue in the event your nonencrypted or nonredacted personal information, is subject to an unauthorized access and exfiltration, theft, or disclosure as a result of the our violation of the duty to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices. Prior to exercising this right, you must provide us with 30 days’ written notice by emailing us at [EMAIL ADDRESS] and providing us with an opportunity fix this violation.
We reserve the right to ask for information verifying your identity and residency prior to disclosing any information to you or acting on your request.  Should we ask for verification, the information you provide to verify your identity and residency will be used only for that purpose, and all copies of this information in our possession will be destroyed when the process is complete. We strive to respond to your request within 45 days of receiving a verifiable consumer request however,  we reserve the right to respond within 90 days when reasonably necessary.
We will not disclose or share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the purposes of third party marketing to you without your prior consent.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your information with third parties without your notice and consent, unless it is under one of the following circumstances:
Responding to duly authorized information requests from law enforcement or other governmental authorities.
Complying with any law, regulations, subpoena, or court order.
Investigating and helping prevent security threats, fraud, or other malicious activity.
Enforcing or protecting the rights and properties of the Company or its subsidiaries.
Protecting the rights or personal safety of the Company’s employees.
We do not currently sell personal information about Users who reside in California. We disclose for business purposes the categories of personal information identified above for the purposes more particularly described above.
Under California's “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personally identifiable information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once per calendar year, information about the Customer personally identifiable information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of Customer personally identifiable information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared Customer personally identifiable information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2019 will receive information regarding 2018 sharing activities). To obtain this information from us, please contact us at the following email address: privacy@pebo.com and write “Request for California Privacy Personally Identifiable Information” for the subject of your message. We will send you a reply e–mail within 30 days containing the requested information once we confirm your request. Not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only that information which is covered will be included in our response.
What do you want to do next?
CALL US
CALL US
ASK TO BE CONTACTED
VISIT A BRANCH
OPEN AN ACCOUNT
What else do you need?
Commitment to Communities
Online & Mobile Banking
Banking Protection
Copyright 2020 by FIS
:
Terms Of Use :
Privacy Statement
Home
Fee Schedule
News
Proxy Materials
Investor Relations
Privacy & Security
Sitemap
clearing
Peoples Bank—bank branches in OH, WV, and KY
Corporate Office:
138 Putnam St.
Marietta, OH 45750
1.800.374.6123
1.800.374.6123
Routing #: 044202505
How Can We Help?
Contact us
How Does Peoples Bank
Protect Your Privacy and
Identity?
Find out More
Visit us on Facebook
visit us on twitter
visit us on instagram
visit us on linked in
visit us on youtube
The Peoples Bancorp website links to third-party websites on the Internet. Peoples Bancorp provides links to these web sites only as a convenience. The inclusion of these links are not endorsements by Peoples Bancorp. The linked sites are not under the control of Peoples Bancorp, thus Peoples Bancorp is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained within a linked site. Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or above is required to access all PDF documents. Insured deposit products and services are offered through Peoples Bank,Equal Housing Lender, Member of FDIC. Please ensure use of the most up-to-date browser while viewing this website.
Peoples Bank (w/ logo)® is a federally registered service mark of Peoples Bank.
Securities offered through Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. Member FINRA/SIPC, and are not insured by bank insurance, the FDIC or any other government agency, are not deposits or obligations of the bank, are not guaranteed by the bank, and are subject to risks, including the possible loss of principal.  Peoples Bancorp and Peoples Investment Services are not registered broker/dealers and are not affiliated with Raymond James Financial Services.  Investment advisory services offered through Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc.  Raymond James financial advisors may only conduct business with residents of the states and/or jurisdictions for which they are properly registered.  Therefore, a response to a request for information may be delayed.  Please note that not all of the investments and services mentioned are available in every state.  Investors outside of the United States are subject to securities and tax regulations within their applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this site.  Contact your local Raymond James office for information and availability.  Links are being provided for information purposes only.  Raymond James is not affiliated with and does not endorse, authorize or sponsor any of the listed websites or their respective sponsors.  Raymond James is not responsible for the content of any website or the collection or use of information regarding an website's users and/or members.  FINRA's BrokerCheck
Raymond James Privacy Notice
INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT PRODUCTS ARE: NOT FDIC INSURED • NOT GUARANTEED BY PEOPLES BANK • NOT A DEPOSIT • NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY • SUBJECT TO RISK AND MAY LOSE VALUE.
social
social
social
social
social
social
social
social
social
Copyright 2020 by FIS
:
Terms Of Use :
Privacy Statement
Go To Top
800.374.6123
Loading...