http://www.webpublishing.com/privacy.html
MENU
Web Design Menu
Web Design
Responsive Web Sites
Mobile Web Sites
E-Commerce
Web Marketing Menu
Internet Marketing / SEO
Search Engines Optimization
On-page SEO
Off-page SEO
Content Writing
Toxic Links Removal
Social Media
Pay-Per-Click
App Menu
Android Apps
iOS Apps
Portfolio
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.webpublishing.com and Webpublishing.com and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Webpublishing.com include www.webpublishing.com. The Webpublishing.com website is a Web design, web hosting and marketing site. By using the Webpublishing.com website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Webpublishing.com may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase Webpublishing.com's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Webpublishing.com. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Webpublishing.com website.
Webpublishing.com encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Webpublishing.com so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Webpublishing.com is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Webpublishing.com website.
Use of your Personal Information
Webpublishing.com collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Webpublishing.com may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Webpublishing.com and its affiliates. Webpublishing.com may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Webpublishing.com does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Webpublishing.com may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Webpublishing.com, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Webpublishing.com may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Webpublishing.com, in order to determine what Webpublishing.com services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Webpublishing.com to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Webpublishing.com will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Webpublishing.com or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Webpublishing.com; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Webpublishing.com, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Webpublishing.com website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Webpublishing.com pages, or register with Webpublishing.com site or services, a cookie helps Webpublishing.com to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Webpublishing.com website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Webpublishing.com features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Webpublishing.com services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Webpublishing.com secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure and keeps it confidential.
Children Under Thirteen
Webpublishing.com does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Webpublishing.com by contacting us here:
- Web page: www.webpublishing.com
- Email: customerservice@webpublishing.com
- Phone: (619) 564-8421
Changes to this Statement
Webpublishing.com will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Webpublishing.com encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Webpublishing.com is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Webpublishing.com welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Webpublishing.com has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Webpublishing.com at:
Webpublishing.com3110 Camino del Rio South Suite 200San Diego, California 92108
Email Address:customerservice@webpublishing.com
Telephone number:(619) 564-8421
Effective as of May 28, 2013