http://www.cfhmarkets.com/cookie-policy/
We use cookies and similar technologies on this website in order to store and/or access information on a device, personalise content, ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development.
Read our privacy policy and cookie policy for more information, and manage your cookie and privacy preferences on our cookie management page.
Accept All Cookies
Customise Settings
Change location
UK
CFH Clearing Limited is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (reg no. 481853).
United Kingdom
Switch to UK
Regulation
Singapore
CFH Singapore Pte. is authorised and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (license CMS 100935)
Singapore
Switch to SINGAPORE
Regulation
Australia
CFH Australia is a trademark under Tradetech Markets Australia Limited, regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission
Australia
Switch to AUSTRALIA
Regulation
Denmark
CFH's Denmark headquarters is a key development and administrative location
Denmark
Switch to DENMARK
EU
Magnasale Trading Limited is regulated by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (license number 264/15 and has passported its license across EU member states.
Europe
Switch to EU
Regulation
Back
Get in touch
first name
last name
company
email
phone number
enquiry details
Keep up to date with company news, product updates and important notifications via email by checking the box below. By ticking this box you agree to our terms and conditions
Submit
Back
Your message was sent
Thank you for your enquiry. One of our expert team will be in touch within 24hrs.
Who we are
CFH are a leading liquidity provider and prime broker that is 100% owned by Playtech, a FTSE 250 listed company.
CFH have a global footprint with offices in the UK, Singapore, Denmark, Australia and Cyprus and execution infrastructure in LD4, NY4 and TY3. What we do
We provide unrivalled liquidity and prime broker solutions, enabling you to access over 800 instruments across: FX, Precious Metals, Base Metals, Single Stock CFDs, Index CFDs, Crypto Currencies and Energies through one cross-margined account, increasing the capital efficiency of your business.
Find out more
Award-winning liquidity
As a client of CFH you will have a tailored multi-asset liquidity solution created by the four-time Finance Magnates “Best B2B Liquidity Provider” award winner on over 800 instruments.
Upgrade your liquidity
Upgrade your liquidity
Solutions
Our proprietary and award-winning technology, built by in-house experts, facilitates multi-asset cross-margining and allows us to tailor the technology to specific client needs. Our technology directly interfaces with ClearPro, ClearMobile, ClearWeb and FIX API as well as MT4 and MT5. All platforms can be white labelled, meaning whatever system you are using CFH have a solution for you.
See more
Our clients
CFH Group has over 600 clients, from more than 80 countries, spanning retail brokers, banks, hedge funds, professional traders, asset managers and more, all of whom benefit from our liquidity, proprietary technology and in-house analytics.
Become a client today
Our client types
Brokers
Professional traders
Outstanding client service
Our Global Client Services team are on hand 24/5 to assist you with any of your technical requirements. Based around the world and speaking over 10 languages including English, Spanish, Cantonese and Russian, our expert team are able to understand and fulfil your needs.
See more
Liquidity
Risk management
Solutions