http://www.innocentive.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Cookie PolicyLouise Leone2020-10-14T09:05:48-04:00
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy is issued on behalf of Wazoku. When we mention “Wazoku”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Cookie Policy, we are referring to Wazoku Limited, a UK company having its registered address at St Magnus House, 3 Lower Thames Street, London, England, EC3R 6HD. Wazoku is responsible for controlling your personal data. All personal data you provide may be transferred or accessed by any Wazoku affiliate in any jurisdiction. If you are a resident of a European Economic Area which is deemed to include the UK (“EEA”), Wazoku Limited is the controller and responsible for any personal data they collect regarding EEA residents. We use cookies and similar tools on our website, to improve their performance and enhance your user experience. This policy explains how we do that. We do update this Policy from time to time so please do return and review this Policy regularly. This version was last updated 1 October 2020.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a site or page. The cookie will help the website, or another website, to recognise your device the next time you visit. We use the term “cookies” in this policy to refer to all files that collect information in this way (including pixels summarised below).
There are many functions cookies serve. For example, they can help us to remember your username and preferences, analyse how well the website is performing, or even allow us to recommend content we believe will be most relevant to you.
Certain cookies contain personal information – for example, if you click to “remember me” when logging in, a cookie will store your user identifier. Most cookies will not collect information that identifies you, but will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use the website.
What is a pixel?
Tracking pixels are transparent graphic images (sometimes called web beacons or tracking beacons) that are placed on certain pages of our website. A tracking pixel collects certain electronic information from your webpage’s header, such as your IP address or browser and your location, which may be forwarded to an advertising platform for the purpose of providing advertising to you that is based on your personal interests. We also use tracking pixels provided by certain tools to allow us to see how you interact with our email marketing or website e.g. to determine whether a recipient opened the email or accessed a certain link.
The Cookies we use
At the date of the last update of this Cookie Policy, the list below represents a comprehensive list of all cookies set on the website, but please note that the cookies we use are subject to fairly frequent change. The purposes of the cookies in use, as described below will not change without this policy being updated. However we may not update this policy every time the identity of a particular cookie or the party setting the cookie changes.
Wazoku may use the following categories of cookies:
Strictly necessary
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our websites or provide services explicitly requested by you. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our websites or apps.
Analytical / Performance
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites when they are using it. This can help us improve the service or create and analyse content tests to allow us to optimise the experience for future users.
Functionality
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies/tracking pixels
These record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed to you more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
We may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from you, based on our legitimate interest, as this information may be used to improve our website, personalise your online experience, tailor our communications with you, determine the effectiveness of our advertising, and for other internal business purposes.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Consent to our use of Cookies
The law allows us to store cookies on your computer if they are essential to the operation of our website. We need your consent to set non-essential cookies on your computer.
When you use our website for the first time we give you the opportunity to accept or decline cookies.
If you wish to withdraw consent for any reason, please contact us.
Declining Cookies
Some of the cookies we use are essential if the website is to operate properly. If you decline them, some of the features of the website may not work as well as we intend and you may not be to access or use some features.
Unless you have set your browser so that it will decline cookies, our system will set some cookies as soon you use the website.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. For information about this you should look in your browser’s ‘help’ facility. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
The links below show you how to disable cookies in some common browsers:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari browser
Opera
If you have previously used the website and no longer wish to accept cookies, you should be aware that some cookies will have been set. You may delete these cookies at any time by following the instructions at: https://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-delete-cookies/
More information on cookies can be found on allaboutcookies.org. In addition, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) also provides a website that allows you to opt-out of cookies (and/or pixels) for various participating companies at www.optout.aboutads.info. The Network Advertising Initiative also provides an opt-out page at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1. It is also possible to opt-out of Google’s Ad Personalisation here: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=en#display_optout
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics. The information generated by the Google Analytics cookie (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Service, compiling reports on activity and providing other services relating to activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
To see more information on the cookies set by Google Analytics see: Cookies and Google Analytics.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Duration of Cookies
Session cookies – These cookies are temporary and expire once you close your browser (or once your session ends).
Persistent cookies — This category encompasses all cookies that remain until you erase them or your browser does, depending on the cookie’s expiration date. All persistent cookies have an expiration date written into their code, but their duration can vary for each category or specific cookie. If you require more information regarding the duration of a particular cookie used by Wazoku please contact us on the email below.
Contact details
Our full details are:
Wazoku Limited
St Magnus House
3 Lower Thames Street
London, England, EC3R 6HD
Email address: privacy@wazoku.com
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Sales & Consulting
Solver Support FAQs
Go to Top