https://www.admix.com/privacy-policy
Company About Admix News Commitment to Quality Employee Owned CareersProducts Equipment Ingredient IndustryServices Lab Testing Trial Program Equipment Financing Aftermarket Sales / Support Field Services / Audits Precision ManufacturingIndustries Food & Beverage Pharmaceuticals Cosmetics ChemicalResources Admixture Blog Datasheets & Brochures Applications / Tech Reports Mixing Tips Trade Shows Admix SPCVideosContact General Contact Info Request a Quote Customer Service Ask the Experts Sales Offices Directions
+1.800.466.2369
admixsales@admix.com
Admix | Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We (Our Company) are committed to protecting and respecting your (“the user’s”, “our customer’s”) privacy. We take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal data to provide you the information, products, and/or services you have requested from our company. This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites or third parties linked to this site. We recommend you review the policies of other parties you choose to interact with.
Information We May Collect
During your interaction with our website, we may collect the following information: Internet Protocol (IP) Address, browser type and version, time and date of visit, and/or operating system. With your consent, we may collect: first name, last name, e-mail address, physical address information, shipping address information and phone number. Additionally, we may request voluntary information that pertains to a specific product or service offered by or through the website such as: sizing information, dates, resumes, cover letters, image uploads, etc. Please do not share any information that you are not comfortable sharing. We may also collect information used to create your online account (such as username, password and security question and answer.)
Why We Collect This Information and How We Use It
The information described above is collected for different reasons: 1. To provide a smooth, customized experience regardless of the device used to access our website. 2. To answer questions about products or services. 3. To sign up or register users for events. 4. To conduct e-commerce. 5. To monitor analytic data, website traffic, devices used and regional information for marketing and advertising purposes.
How Long We Keep Information
We securely keep information as long as it is necessary to execute a user’s request. Thereafter we keep the information indefinitely unless/until it is requested to be removed by the user.
How Can My Information Be Removed? The information collected from you can be removed from our system at your written request via the contact information found on this website.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Why Do We Use Cookies?
We use cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for the technical support of our website operation, and we refer to these as “essential” or “strictly necessary” cookies. Other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our website. How can I Control Cookies? You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies using your Web browser preferences. For essential cookies, you can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject essential cookies, you may still use our website though website functionality may be affected. Cookie management can vary, visit your browser’s help menu for more information.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information practices. Check this page periodically for potential updates. How to Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by visiting the contact area of this website.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies selected.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
English
Bulgarian Danish Dutch English Finnish French German Greek Icelandic Italian Luxembourgish Macedonian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Spanish Swedish Turkish