http://www.weilerwelding.com/terms
We use cookies to improve your browsing experience and help us improve our websites. By continuing to use our website, you agree to our use of such cookies.
Agree
Learn more
Need an Account?
Register
or
Login
Sign up for Email |
Need an Account?
Register
or
Login
Find A Branch
Customer Service
SDS Search
Careers
Cart (0)
Switch Account
Dashboard
My Lists
Orders
Reports
Invoices
Logout
Safety Products
Welding Products
Tools & Hardware
Gas Equipment
Gases
View All
Home/
Website Terms & Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
(Last updated January, 2017) This website, located at uniform resource locator www.airgas.com (the "Site"), is provided by Airgas, Inc., individually and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Company,” "we," "our," or "us"), to the person accessing the Site ("you," or "your"). 1. You agree to these terms by using the SiteYour access to, and use of, the Site is subject to the following Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. By accessing and using the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms and Conditions of Use. Company may, at any time and without notice to you, modify these Terms and Conditions of Use by revising them on the Site. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of any such revisions. You should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions of Use. We reserve the right to modify any programs, policies, information, products and services contained on the Site at any time and without notice to you. Visitors who use information contained on the Site or make decisions based on such information do so at their own risk. These Terms and Conditions of Use may not be modified, supplemented, or qualified except in writing signed by you and Company. The failure by Company to enforce at any time any of the provisions in these Terms and Conditions of Use will in no way be construed as a waiver of such provisions. If you do not agree and accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms and Conditions of Use, you must exit the Site immediately. 2. Access and use of informationYou may use the Site, and any information contained on the Site, solely for legitimate business purposes. Any access or attempt to access other areas of Company’s computer systems or other information contained on its systems for any purpose is strictly prohibited. 3. SubmissionsThe Site may, from time to time offer interactive features that allow users to submit content to the Site. Company does not and cannot review all such content, and is not responsible for such content. You acknowledge that by providing the ability to view and distribute your user-generated content on the Site, Company is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability related thereto. However, Company reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be unacceptable to Company in its sole discretion. Harassment in any manner or form on the Site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Company employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the Site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the Site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or which is otherwise objectionable because it may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, give rise to liability or violate any law. All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or other information communicated to Company through the Site will forever be the property of Company. Company shall have exclusive ownership of all present and future existing rights to the information, without compensation to the person sending the information. 4. Notice: electronic communicationsWhen you visit the Site or send e-mails to Company, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the Site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. 5. PrivacyCompany's Privacy Policy is incorporated and made part of these Terms and Conditions of Use. You hereby agree to such Privacy Policy. Any personal data (for example, your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) that you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise will be used by Company in accordance with the Privacy Policy. Any other communication or material you transmit to the Site, such as questions, comments, suggestions or the like, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. 6. Typographical errorsIn the event that a service or product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect specifications, Company reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product or service listed incorrectly, whether or not the order has been confirmed and whether or not you have been charged for such product or service. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Company shall issue you a credit (to your credit card account or otherwise) in the amount of the incorrect price. 7. Prospective statementsAny forward-looking statements contained in or on the Site including, without limitation, those concerning projected costs, profit, demand for gases, net income after taxes and earnings per share, involve risks and uncertainties, and are subject to change based on various factors, including, without limitation, the impact of changes in economies, achievement of cost reductions and efficiencies, changes in currencies, changes in interest rates, the continued development and acceptance of new products and processes, the impact of competitive products and pricing, future mergers and acquisitions (including any related charges, transactions costs and operational risks), risks associated with foreign operations, litigation, the impact of tax and other legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which Company operates, and other risk factors listed from time to time in Company’s SEC reports. 8. Disclaimer of warrantiesTHE SITE, INCLUDING ITS CONTENT AND MATERIALS, IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO ITS CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT OPERATION OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE FROM ERRORS, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THE SITE OR ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. 9. IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Company, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use or any activity (including negligent or wrongful conduct) related to you using your account or any other person accessing the Site using your account. 10. Limitations of liabilityYOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. NEITHER COMPANY, NOR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS, NOR ANY OF ITS AGENTS OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT, ARE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THE SITE WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES. 11. Third-party linksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Company may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Company, Company has no control over these linked sites, all of which may have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Company. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Without limiting the foregoing, Company specifically disclaims any responsibility if such sites: infringe any third party's intellectual property rights; are inaccurate, incomplete or misleading; are not merchantable or fit for a particular purpose; do not provide adequate security; contain viruses or other items of a destructive nature; or are libelous or defamatory. Company does not endorse the content, or any products or services available, on such sites. Nonetheless, Company seeks to protect the integrity of its Site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own Site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). 12. TrademarksThe Site contains many Company and third-party trademarks and service marks. Each mark is the property of the company that owns it and may not be used without the consent of such company. All rights in the intellectual property contained in the Site including copyright, trademarks, trade secret and patent rights are hereby reserved by Company. Access to the Site does not constitute a right to copy or use any intellectual property of Company or its suppliers. Statutory notices contained on the Site represent trademark status in the United States. 13. CopyrightCopyright © 2017, Airgas, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. All content contained on the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Company or its suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. Company hereby authorizes you to make a single copy of the content herein for your use in learning about, evaluating, or acquiring Company services or products. You agree that any copy made must include Company’s copyright notice. No other permission is granted to you to print, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, upload, download, store, display in public, alter, or modify the content contained herein. You agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials printed or downloaded from the Site. 14. Copyright complaintsCompany respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us at 610-687-5253 and request to speak with the Marketing Communications Department. 15. Export controlSoftware and other materials downloaded or otherwise made available from the Site may be subject to United States Export Control. The United States Export Control laws prohibit the export of certain technical data and software to certain territories. No software from the Site may be downloaded or exported: into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, Syria, or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or anyone on the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the United States Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. Company does not authorize the downloading or exportation of any software or technical data from the Site to any jurisdiction prohibited by the United States Export Control Laws. 16. Law and jurisdictionThese Terms and Conditions of Use and your use of the Site are governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to its choice of law provisions. You and Company consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for any and all disputes arising out of, relating to or concerning these Terms and Conditions of Use and/or the Site or in which these Terms and Conditions of Use and/or the Site are a material fact. 17. AssignmentCompany may assign its rights and duties under these Terms and Conditions of Use to any party at any time without notice to you. 18. SeverabilityIf any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use shall be deemed illegal or unenforceable, such illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other legal provisions hereof which together shall then be construed as if such illegal and unenforceable provision or provisions had not been inserted herein, unless such illegality or unenforceability shall destroy the underlying business purpose of these Terms and Conditions of Use.19. Questions and feedbackAny questions and feedback about the Site or these Terms and Conditions of Use should be directed to eservice@airgas.com or to OnLine Customer Service, Airgas, Inc., 259 North Radnor-Chester Road, Suite 100, Radnor, PA 19087.
Airgas
an Air Liquide company
Gas Supply
Cylinders
Liquid Cylinders
MicroBulk
Dynamic On-site Mixer
Jobsite Skid
Bulk
On-site Generation - FLOXAL
Solutions
Airgas OUTLOOK®
Airgas SupplySync
Welding Efficiency
Red-D-Arc
Welding Automation
Airgas Dry Ice
Safety Solutions
Industries
Construction
Metal Fabrication
Airgas Healthcare
Life Sciences
Energy & Chemicals
Primary Materials
Food
Retail
Beverage
Resources
Safety Notices
Safety Catalog
Offers & Rebates
SDS Search
COA Search
FAQs
Airgas Outlet
User Guides
Tutorials
Our Company
Overview
Careers
Newsroom
Events
Visit Parent Company
Sustainability
Contact
Customer Service
Connect with Sales
Find a Branch
Login
Register
Shop Products
COVID-19 Collection
Find A Branch
Industries
Solutions
Customer Service
Search Careers
Newsroom
See us on Twitter
Like us on Facebook
Check us out on LinkedIn
Read the latest industry news on Airgas Thinks
© 2020 Airgas, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
|Customer Service
||Privacy Policy
||Terms & Conditions
||Terms of Sale
||California Privacy Policy
|