http://www.sbcinc.com/privacy-policy
homeProducts & Services Worlds Quickest - PCB Layout to Loaded AssemblyPCB Design ServicesPCB Layout ServicesPCB Manufacturing Technology & ProcessesSurface Finishes, Testing, Managed InventoryFacility & EquipmentSBC MFG Guidelines for PCB Fabs (PPT)PCB Assembly Technology, Products & ProcessesMangement Systems and SupportTestingFacility & EquipmentSBC MFG Guidelines for Assembly (PDF)Five Steps To Slashing Electronic/PCBA NPI TimeOur Capabilities PCB Design & Layout CapabilitiesPC Board Fabrication Capabilities RoadmapPCB Assembly CapabilitiesQuality ISO & Regulatory ComplianceRoHS, Reach, & Conflict MineralsQuality SpecificationsUL MaterialsLibrary PCB Design & LayoutPC Board FabricationPCB AssemblySite SearchQuote PCB Fabrication Quote "With" Gerber's & DrawingsPCB Fabrication Quote "NO" Gerber's or DrawingsAssembly Quote "With" BOM, Gerber's & DrawingsAssembly Quote "With" BOM & "NO" Gerber's or DrawingsPCB Design & Layout QuoteBest Practice - Complete package for quoting and/or ordering a Turnkey PCBAAbout SBC Company HistoryTestimonialsCareersContact Us
Privacy Policy & Terms & Conditions
South Bay Circuits, Inc. Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
1. Terms
By accessing the website at http://www.sbcinc.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service,
all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree
with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable
copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on South Bay Circuits, Inc.'s website for
personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may
not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on South Bay Circuits, Inc.'s website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by South Bay Circuits, Inc. at any
time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials
in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on South Bay Circuits, Inc.'s website are provided on an 'as is' basis. South Bay Circuits, Inc. makes no warranties, expressed
or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, South Bay Circuits, Inc. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the
use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall South Bay Circuits, Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data
or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on South Bay Circuits, Inc.'s website,
even if South Bay Circuits, Inc. or a South Bay Circuits, Inc. authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility
of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or
incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on South Bay Circuits, Inc.'s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. South Bay Circuits,
Inc. does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. South Bay Circuits, Inc. may make changes
to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However South Bay Circuits, Inc. does not make any commitment to update
the materials.
6. Links
South Bay Circuits, Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by South Bay Circuits, Inc. of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's
own risk.
7. Modifications
South Bay Circuits, Inc. may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to
be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Arizona and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts in that State or location.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
It is South Bay Circuits, Inc.'s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly,
we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal
information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless
we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate,
complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure,
copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information
is protected and maintained. South Bay Circuits, Inc. may change this privacy policy from time to time at South Bay Circuits, Inc.'s sole discretion.
Industries Served
Medical
Industrial
Power Conversion
Instrumentation
Automotive
Semiconductors
Telecommunications
Computer Storage
Contract Manufacturers
Aerospace/Defense
Consumer Electronics
And more...
PC Board Design & PC Board Layout
SBC has the capability on a “quick turn” or "standard basis", with turn times down to 24 hours, to layout
a wide variety of technologies including...
PC Board Manufacturing
SBC is the Industry Leader in PC Board Fabrication “On Time – All the Time”. SBC supports customer PC Board
Fab quick turn...
PC Board Assembly
SBC offers a wide variety of assemblies supporting customers from Proto type design stages through...
Quality
It is the policy of South Bay Circuits, Inc. to provide quality products and services, which aim to consistently
meet...
PCB Offshore
SBC has developed a comprehensive process that thoroughly and completely analyzes a customer’s overall
Printed Circuit Board (PCB) requirements...
PCB & PCBA Library
SBC Library is a tremendous tool for Engineers, Purchasing Agents, or anyone needing basic to complex information
about PC Board Layout...
Get a Quote For Your Project Today
We deliver in hours and days what our competitors deliver in days and weeks
Certified ISO9001
SBC is an ISO 9001:2015 certified company through UL-DQS. South Bay Circuits utilizes ISO 9001:2015 eight fundamental quality management
principles to help improve our PC Board Fab, PC Assembly, and Box Build performance. Certificate #: 10000903 QM15
ITAR Registration
ITAR Registered! We are a manufacturer that builds defense articles with related technical data that can be defined on the United
States Munitions List (Part 121 of the ITAR), where we are registered.
do you need assistance or have a question?
*
Required
Subscribe to South Bay Circuits Mail List