http://www.dgs.state.va.us/dgs/resources/web-policies/privacy--security/
Home
Department of General Services
Resources
Web Policies
Privacy & Security
Search DGS
Department of General Services
About DGS
About DGS
Organization Chart
Awards & Recognition
Director's Office
Director’s Office
Strategic Plan
AARB
Boards & Councils
Careers
DGS Human Resources
Job Listings
Interview Tips
Employment Guide
Contact HR
Resources
Strategic Plan
FOIA
Web Policies
Updates
Newsroom
Capitol Square Construction Updates
Awards & Recognition
FOIA
DGS Alert
DGS on the Road
Statute of Limitations Review
DGS and COVID-19
Forms & Documents
Forms & Documents
Contacts
DGS Contacts
DGS Organization Chart
PRIVACY & SECURITY
General Policy
The Virginia Department of General Services (DGS) is committed to protecting the privacy of our website visitors. We do not collect any personal information such as name, telephone number, address, federal employer identification number, etc. unless you provide it to us voluntarily when conducting an online transaction on the DGS website. We do collect non-personal information from each visitor to the DGS website to allow us to manage the website. If you want more details on the collection and use of information, please keep reading. Otherwise, enjoy your visit to the DGS website.
Information Collected
Personal Information
When you choose to provide personal information to us to conduct an on-line transaction, we use it only for the purpose of conducting the specific on-line transaction that you requested. For each on-line transaction, we require only the minimum amount of personal information required to process your request.We do not give, share, sell or transfer any personal information to a third party unless required to do so by law. If you do not want any personal information collected, please do not submit it to us; however, without this information we will be unable to process your on-line transaction. If you want to review or correct personal information you previously submitted, please contact us at the e-mail address listed at the bottom of this statement.
Non-Personal Information
We collect non-personal information from every visitor to the DGS website. For example, to track the number of computers used to visit our site and to identify our most popular pages we collect the Internet Protocol address - a series of distinct numbers that identify your computer. Other examples of this type of information include the:
browser type and version and the operating system you are using
domain name of the web site or internet service provider and referral site from which you linked to our site
geographical location of the network used for accessing the DGS website, and
time and date of access
We use this non-personal information primarily in a statistical summary type format to assess site content and server performance. We may share this non-personal information with our business partners when needed.
Use of Cookies
When you choose to enter into an online transaction, we use cookies to save the information that you input while progressing through the transaction. A cookie is a very small amount of data that is sent from our server to your computer's hard drive. If your browser is not configured to "accept" cookies, you will still be able to access the information on our web site, but you may not be able to perform online transactions.
Links
For your convenience, our site provides links to other sites. However, DGS is not responsible for the privacy practices, security, or the content of the web sites to which we link. Please familiarize yourself with the privacy and security information for sites to which you link.
Security
The DGS site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of information under our control.
Customer Comments or Review
If you have questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the DGS website, or if you choose to review or correct any of your personal information you previously submitted, please contact us at webmaster@dgs.virginia.gov.
Thank you for reviewing the DGS Privacy Statement.
For More Information:Please click here to view to our other web policies/statements.
Please click here to view to our Contact Us page.