http://www.mbegg.mb.ca/privacy-policy
Menu
About Us
The Organization
MEF Staff & Directors
Social Responsibility and Public Trust
Supply Management
Becoming an Egg Farmer
Quota Draw Cancelled for 2020
Regulated Egg Farmer
Unregulated Egg Farmer
Egg Prices & Quota Exchange
Recipes
Search All Recipes
Recipe Sheets & Booklets
Egg Timer
Eggs 101
Hen Care
Laying Hen Feed
Enriched Housing
Free-Run
Free-Range
Conventional
About Eggs
Resources
Egg Nutrition
Care & Quality
Types of Eggs
FAQs
Contact Us
Email Us
Event Sponsorship Form
Links
For Farmers
Farmer Login
Producer Portal
New Producer Portal
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Manitoba Egg Farmers is committed to maintaining the
accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your personal information. As part
of this commitment, the following Ten Privacy Principles govern our actions as
they relate to the use of customer information. The principles have been built
upon the values set by the Canadian Standards Association's Model Code for the
Protection of Personal Information and Canada's Personal Information Protection
and Electronic Documents Act.
Principle 1 - Accountability
Principle 2 - Identifying Purposes
Principle 3 - Consent
Principle 4 - Limiting Collection
Principle 5 - Limiting Use, Disclosure
and Retention
Principle 6 - Accuracy
Principle 7 - Safeguarding Customer
Information
Principle 8 - Openness
Principle 9 - Customer Access
Principle 10 - Handling Customer
Complaints and Suggestions
Principle 1 - Accountability
Manitoba Egg Farmers is responsible for maintaining and protecting the personal
information under its control. Manitoba Egg Farmers has designated individuals
who are accountable for compliance with the Ten Privacy Principles.
Principle 2 - Identifying Purposes
The purposes for which personal information is collected will be identified
before or at the time the information is collected.
Principle 3 - Consent
Knowledge and consent are required for the collection, use or disclosure of
personal information except where required or permitted by law.
Principle 4 - Limiting Collection
The personal information collected must be limited to those details necessary
for the purposes identified by Manitoba Egg Farmers
Principle 5 - Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Personal information may only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which it
was collected unless you have otherwise consented, or when it is required or
permitted by law. Personal information may only be retained for the period of
time required to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or as required
by law.
Principle 6 - Accuracy
Personal information must be maintained in as accurate, complete and up-to-date
form as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is to be used.
Principle 7 - Safeguarding Customer Information
Personal information must be protected by security safeguards that are
appropriate to the sensitivity level of the information.
Principle 8 - Openness
Manitoba Egg Farmers will make information available to our producers/customers
concerning the policies and practices that apply to the management of their
personal information.
Principle 9 - Customer Access
Upon request, a producer/customer shall be informed of the existence, use and
disclosure of their personal information, and shall be given access to it.
Producers/Customers may verify the accuracy and completeness of their personal
information, and may request that it be amended, if appropriate.
Principle 10 - Handling Customer Complaints and
Suggestions
Customers may direct any questions or enquiries with respect to the privacy
principles outlined above or about our practices by contacting:
Manitoba Egg Farmers
18-5 Scurfield Blvd
Winnipeg MB  R3Y
1G3
Phone: (204) 488-4888
Fax: (204) 488-3544
What information does Manitoba Egg Farmers collect? How does Manitoba Egg
Farmers collect this information, and how is it used?
We collect personal information
such as names, addresses, e-mail addresses and some demographic
information when submitted by you through any producer/customer
registration process, surveys and/or other information gathering
processes.
Your e-mail address is used
only to send you information you've requested to administer surveys,
and/or to respond to communications from you. Demographic information is
only used in summary form to assist us in identifying our audiences and
their interests, or to help us develop conclusions about survey results.
We do not use this information for other purposes.
We also use
"cookies," or small pieces of information that we store on
users' computers (see definition below), to recognize returning visitors
and monitor traffic through our site. Cookies identify you as a unique
visitor to our site, enabling us to effectively aggregate site usage
statistics to improve our website and make it more user-friendly.
If, at any time, you want to
correct, update or delete any of the information we may have collected
from you, or you do not want to receive any further information from us,
let us know by contacting us at Manitoba Egg Farmers. Please be sure to
include in your message the means by which such information was submitted
(e.g. our registration or other information-gathering processes) and the
e-mail address you used so that we can verify your request.
What is a "cookie"?
A cookie is a small file
containing an ID number that is stored on users' computers. It is
transferred to your hard drive by a Web server, and can only be read by
that server. A cookie will not transmit information that you did not
provide to us. Cookies are used, for example, to help identify unique
visitors to a website and/or to help the user access their own data from a
Web server data base.
Links to Third Party
Content
Manitoba Egg Farmer’s website contains links to
third party websites which are not under our control.  These links are provided for your convenience
and should not be taken as an endorsement by Manitoba Egg Farmers.
How does Manitoba Egg Farmers store
my personally identifiable information?
Manitoba Egg Farmers stores
information in secure databases which can be accessed only by password.
© Copyright 2020 Manitoba Egg Farmers. All Rights Reserved.
18 - 5 Scurfield Blvd.
|
Winnipeg, Manitoba
|
R3Y 1G3
Phone: (204) 488-4888 | fax (204) 488-3544
Privacy Policy