http://www.pilotrock.com/privacy-policy/
Pilot Rock
RJ Thomas Mfg. Co.
Email
Password
Need help logging in?
Don’t Have an Account? Create an Account
Search
Search
Your Browser version is not supported by this website.
Please upgrade to a modern browser like Edge, Firefox, Chrome, or Safari.
OK
Privacy Policy
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail. Click here .
R.J. Thomas Mfg. Co. Inc./Pilot Rock believes the privacy of our website visitors and customers is extremely important. We are committed to ensuring your privacy is protected.  This document will explain how we use and protect any information that you provide us when you use the website. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully. By using our website, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy.
The Type of Information We Collect and How We Use It
To be able to use certain areas and features of the Site, specifically requested by you (for example: to Request A Catalog, to Request a Price Quotation, or to place an Order) it will be necessary for you to provide us with information that identifies you personally. This information may include:    Your Name, Your Agency Name, Your Mailing/Billing/Shipping Address, Your E-mail Address, a Telephone Number (especially important for the ship-to destination), and Credit Card or Billing Account Information.
The information we collect may be used to verify your identity, to create your customer online profile/account (if you elect to do so), to bill you for the product purchased, and to correspond with you (to send a requested catalog, our e-newsletter or to reply to correspondence to us initiated by you).
All email newsletters contain instructions on how to unsubscribe from the mailing list.  You may also contact us by clicking here to remove your e-mail address from the e-newsletter mailing list.
To be able to register on our site and create an account (to save quotation and order history) you must provide us with your identifiable personal information.
All information requested on these forms is only for internal company use to respond to your request for information or purchase of products. We will never sell or share your personal information with any persons or organizations except when required by law for the investigation of illegal or criminal actives, the exercise of legal rights or in defense against any legal claims.
Aggregate and summary statistics are collected to measure our website’s effectiveness. We will use this aggregate information to improve our website and services/products offered. This information is not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Your Credit Card Information
At the time of payment, your credit card information is passed immediately and securely using 128bit SSL to our payment gateway. We never store your credit card information for any reason.
Credit card information is not saved as part of your account profile, should you choose to register on our website and create a personal account.
Your Information Is Secure
R.J. Thomas Mfg. Co. Inc./Pilot Rock is committed to ensuring that your identifiable and non-identifiable personal information is secure, with physical, electronic and management procedures in place to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure or loss of your personal information.  All information is stored off-site on third-party servers, contracted to us. However, we cannot assure your identifiable and non-identifiable personal information will never be disclosed in a nature that conflicts with this Privacy Policy (for example: hacking or theft). We also are not responsible for any breach of security or actions undertaken by any third parties that receive the (stolen) information.
Cookies - Yes We Use Them. Here’s How
A cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a Web server to be stored on your computer. Cookies are used to advertise to visitors based on past website visits, demographics and interests.  A cookie cannot give access to your computer or any information stored on your computer. We use cookies to allow the website to respond to you by gathering and remembering information about your preferences when using the Site. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can elect to modify your browser setting to decline cookies. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
Online Advertising
We use Google Demographics, Interest Reporting and Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise Pilot Rock across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the Pilot Rock website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your device. This cookie does not in any way personally identify you or give anyone else access to your computer.  The cookie is used to say "You visited that page on the website, so I’m going to show you an ad relating to that page." Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs by only displaying ads that are relevant to you.
You Can Opt Out of Remarketing and Advertising
If you do not wish to participate in our Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager
You can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
How We Store Data
We utilize external vendors and hosting companies to provide the software, hardware, storage, networking and other necessary technology required to provide the functionality of our website.
R.J. Thomas Mfg. Co. and our external contractors retain all rights of ownership on the software, code, databases, designs and any other internally developed application to provide the website’s functionality.
Control Of Your Personal Information
We will make reasonable effort to give you access to your personal information, in order to correct any inaccuracies, or to remove your personal information, provided it is not required for genuine business purposes or by law to be retained.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may occasionally change this Privacy Policy to reflect current technology and legal issues. When we do, we will post a notification on the Privacy Policy page. Changes will take effect on the date they are posted.
Other information that may be of interest to you:
PRODUCT WARRANTY
ABOUT OUR COMPANY
Website design and development by Spindustry Digital, Des Moines, Iowa