https://www.optoma.com/us/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Welcome to optomausa.com. Before use of Optoma (hereinafter referred as “We”) website (http://www.optomausa.com/) (herein after referred as “Website”), please read the following Terms of Use (hereinafter referred as “TOU”) carefully. The use of our Website shall be subject to the TOU. We reserve the right to update the TOU from time to time at our discretion without notice to you. We will post all the changes on the Website. If you do not agree to the TOU, please stop using our Website, otherwise, any use of our Website will be deemed accepted.
1. User Account
You are responsible for all the activities that occur while using your account. Maintain your account and password and do not allow anyone else to use your account to access our Website. In the event of any such unauthorized use, you agree to immediately notify us. We are not responsible for any loss that results from the unauthorized use of your account, with or without your knowledge.
2. Copyright and Trademark Right
We reserve the copyright, trademark right and other rights of all contents on our Website. We also reserve all rights of our trademark, service trademark, business name, image and domain name. Any modification or use of information obtained from the Website without our express consent might infringe our copyright, trademark rights and all other rights. This Website is for browse only. It is prohibited to duplicate, copy, resell, upload, repost, deliver or distribute all the materials contained in our Website in any way without obtaining our prior written consent.
3. Pricing and Product Descriptions
We endeavor to provide accurate information on our products through our Website. However, from time to time there may be information in our Website that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change our update information at any time without prior notice, including after you have placed your order. In the event an item is mispriced, We shall have the right and at our sole discretion to cancel any orders placed. We shall either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. If your order is cancelled after your credit card has been charged, We will refund back the amount to your credit card in the amount of the charge.
4. Disclaimer and Limitations
All information on the Website is provided “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis without any expressed or implied warranty or guarantee as to its non-infringement, safety, accuracy, applicability for certain purpose or free of virus. We reserve the right to modify the Website or cancel user’s access to our Website at any time at our discretion. In addition, We make no representation that content provided on our Website is applicable to, or appropriate for use in, locations outside of the United States of America. All risk incurred from using for our Website will be borne by the user. We, include any party who represent us to setup, provide and deliver service or who is in relation to our Website, shall not be liable for any damage or loss whatsoever, whether indirectly, special, accidental, punitive, consequentially or otherwise, caused by the use of the Website.
The information you provide when log on our Website or ask for help via email shall be protected by our privacy statement. Nevertheless, your comments, opinions, standpoints, thoughts, concepts, techniques, knowledge and other suggestions would not be deemed confidential by us, We can use all these information by appropriate method. For more information, please check our privacy statement on our Website.
5. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Optoma, its directors, officers, employees and agents, and its suppliers, licensors, and service providers, harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, costs and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or in connection with your use of the Website.
6. Link on the Website
Our Website may contain links to other websites and We shall not be liable for their effectiveness or the information provided on those websites. The links provided on our Website or information, products or service of others referred by us does not mean We agree to such websites or their content. Any questions or suggestions to these websites, please contact their server administrator directly. You agree not to provide the linkage of our Website on other website without our prior consent.
7. Governing Law and Arbitration
This TOU shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, United States of America, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this TOU shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the rules of the International Chamber of Commerce. The place of arbitration shall be in the State of California, United States of America.
8. No Waiver
The failure to enforce any part of these TOU shall not constitute a waiver of any of our rights hereunder for past or future actions.
9. Severability
If any provision or portion thereof of this TOU is held to be unenforceable or invalid, the remaining provisions and portions thereof shall nevertheless be given full force and effect.
10. Termination
We may suspend or terminate your account or your use of the Website at any time, for any or no reason, without any notice, and without liability to you or anyone else. You may terminate your account at anytime. However, you are personally liable for any orders placed or charges incurred through your account prior to termination.