http://www.castingsforindustry.com/privacy-policy/
Copyright & Privacy Statement
Copyright
Castings For Industry hereinafter CFI, is the copyright owner of everything on this site, unless otherwise stated, and no portion of it may be used in any manner, or for any purpose, without the express written permission of CFI except as provided for herein. Without in any way waiving the foregoing rights, you may download the material on this site for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark or other proprietary business notices.
Modification or use of the material on this site for any other purpose violates the legal rights of CFI. Any unauthorized use of these materials may subject you to penalties or damages, including but not limited to those related to violation of trademarks, copyrights and privacy or publicity rights.
CFI reserves the right to revise this information at any time and for any reason and reserves the right to make changes at any time, without notice or obligation, to any of the information contained on this site. Although this site may be linked to other sites, CFI is not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement or affiliation with the linked site, unless specifically stated herein.
Castings For Industry9515 Country Club DriveSt. Louis, Missouri 63127Phone: 314.729.0224
Privacy Statement
The purpose of our website is to provide information about our company and services. It is not intended nor should it be used as a substitute for specific advice. While we try to ensure accuracy and timeliness of all information on this site, we make no warranties with regards to any of the information contained on this site.
Castings For Industry receives no information about visitors to its site unless the visitor provides the information. Information that you provide will be kept confidential by us. We will not release any information we obtain from you, except: (1) as necessary to perform the task you have asked us to do, such as to respond to your specific inquiry; (2) as required by law; or (3) as we in good faith believe it is necessary to protect your or our rights, property or security.
Castings for Industry uses “cookies” on this website for a variety of functional reasons. We also monitor and record IP addresses of anyone that accesses our website for internal website design management purposes.
Castings For Industry reserves the right to change these policies. Changes will be posted to this website.
Should you have questions about these matters, contact us at 314.729.0224. Kindly complete our free quote form for a prompt response.