https://www.fashioncapital.co.uk/privacy-policy/
About
WHO WE ARE
THE TEAM
AWARDS
PRESS
ADVERTISE
SAMPLING & PRODUCTION
SHOP
OVERVIEW
The Fashion Studio
Atelier
The Factory
Design Services
CAD/CAM
FABRIC STUDIO
BUSINESS SUPPORT
Shop
OVERVIEW
MASTERCLASSES
OUR MENTORS
TOOLS OF THE TRADE
TIPS FROM THE TOP
ADVICE & SUPPORT
RETAIL SPACE
N17 Creative Callings
TRAINING
EVENTS
NEWS
Insights
Newsletters
Trends
Interviews
Ethical
Industry Practitioners
MEMBERS PORTAL
PRIVACY POLICY
Fashion Capital needs additional cover re the use of photographs used by Free lance journalists
Fashion Enter Ltd and JHConsultancy Ltd has the sole discretion to determine whether Content is Prohibited Content, and any Content submitted to the Service may be subject to examination from time to time. You acknowledge that although Fashion Enter does not and will not examine and review all Content submitted or transmitted to the Service, Fashion Enter Ltd has the absolute right (but not the obligation) to delete, move, and edit materials for any reason, at any time, without notice from free lance journalists. It is at the soul discretion of free lance journalists that the use of images, illustrations and photography has been agreed by the originator i.e. the free lance writer must seek prior consent of all associated images used within their articles. There is no direct contract between the use of images and IP violation between the originator of the work and Fashion Enter Ltd and www.fashioncapital.co.uk. If there has been a violation of IP rights by an independent free lance journalists whose work is displayed on www.fashioncapital.co.uk it is for the originator to take recourse with independent free lance journalists.
Notwithstanding the above, when you access the Site and/or use the Service, you acknowledge and agree that all Content (whether private or public) that is posted and stored on the Site is the sole responsibility of the person who submitted it for posting and/or storage. In other words, the free lance journalists are totally responsible for any and all Content that they submit. Moreover, you understand that by viewing the Site, you may be exposed to Content that you consider to be offensive and you take sole responsibility for such exposure. Finally, you acknowledge that Fashion Enter Ltd, JHConsultancy Ltd and www.fashionncapital.co.uk in no way guarantees the accuracy, quality or appropriateness of Content available on the Site. In no event shall Fashion Enter Ltd, JhConsultancy Ltd and www.fashioncapital.co.uk (including its officers, directors, employees, affiliates and agents) be liable for claims of any nature, whether direct or indirect, arising from or related to any Content made available on or through the www.fashioncapital.co.uk, including (without limitation) errors or omissions in such Content, and loss or damages incurred as a result of use of such Content.
Any recourse by the originator of work regarding the use of images or content on www.fashsioncapital.co.uk must contact the individual free lance journalists directly and not via Fashion Enter Ltd, JHConsutlancy Ltd and www.fashioncaptial.co.uk
Information Collection and Use
We collect information from our users at several different points on the website – this is for customer service and billing purposes, we also collect data from our users so that we can customise the site according to individual selections. FashionCapital is the sole owner of the personal information collected from this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others.
Registration
In order to receive our email alerts, users have to complete a registration form. During registration a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), and unique identifiers, but encouraged so we can provide a more personalised experience.
Order Forms
We request information from users on our order forms. Users have to provide contact information (such as name and delivery address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiry date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill customer orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file written to a user’s hard drive that contains the User ID. The cookies do not contain any personal information about users. The use of cookies is now widespread. The reason we use cookies is to save our users time on the site (so that users do not have to log in with a password more than once); and also so that we can personalise a user’s experience of the site. If a user sets up his browser to reject the cookie, he or she may still use the site although functionality will be impaired.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that FashionCapital is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these third party sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Advertising Disclosure
This policy is valid from 18th October 2013.
FashionCapital.co.uk is an industry website with content written by a number of journalists.
The views and opinions of this website are purely those of the journalists. The compensation received for FashionCapital will never influence the content and overall topic of FashionCapital.
FashionCapital accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorships, collaborations, paid insertions and other forms of compensation.
The majority of advertising is in the form of advertisements from third party ad networks or companies interested in collaborating with FashionCapital. This advertising will contain images or wording which will hyperlink back to a client website.
Articles created by marketing companies are posted at FashionCapital’s discretion. FashionCapital has the flexibility to amend articles to keep with the overall theme and house style. Images must be provided by marketing company/clients also.
For any queries and for more information, please contact zoe@fashion-enter.com
Newswires
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newswires, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any information requested. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and delivery address), and demographic information (such as postcode, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the functionality of the site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, as will be the case for most of the time that a user is browsing the web.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to service@FashionCapital.co.uk
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your postcode), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavour to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the personal profile page or by sending an email to service@FashionCapital.co.uk
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
2018-04-20
Where to find us
FashionCapital
Unit 13 / 14 Crusader Estate
167 Hermitage Road
N4 1LZ
Directions: Nearest tube is Manor House on the Piccadilly Line. Please use exit 7, Green Lanes (North East Side). Walk time is approx 7 minutes from the tube. Alternatively, the nearest overground is Haringey Green Lanes. The 29 bus will also take you to Green Lanes. Car parking facilities are available on request
JOIN NOW
Get access to exclusive content, discounts and masterclasses.
JOIN TODAY
×
Search Form
Search for:
Close
×
BE IN THE KNOW
Sign up to our newsletter to get the latest industry news from us.
I have read and accept your privacy notice I have read and accept your privacy notice
Close