http://www.diyshutters.com/privacy.htm
Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc. Privacy Policy
Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc. Privacy Policy
Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc. has drafted this document, which details how we
gather and disseminate information, in an effort to demonstrate our strong
commitment to online privacy. Please contact us if you have any questions
about our privacy policy.
Use of Internet Protocol Address / Cookies
Like many other Web Sites, we use cookies and your Internet protocol (IP) address for several reasons: to help
diagnose problems with our server, to improve and administer our Web site, to help
identify you and your shopping cart, and to gather broad demographic
information. We do not sell, share or rent this
information to any other company, organization or individuals.
Use of Registration Information
Our site's registration area requires customers to supply contact
information, such as name and e-mail address, and demographic information,
such as your ZIP code. We use this information to send you promotional
materials from our company and only our company.  We do not sell, share
or rent this
information to any other company, organization or individuals.
However, users may opt out of — or opt in to — these promotional e-mail
messages at any time. (See Opt Out/Opt In, below.)   We will also
use this information to help
diagnose problems with our server, to improve and administer our Web site.
Use of Online Survey Information
To participate in our online surveys, you may be required to supply contact
and demographic information. Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc. uses this data to
send you information about the company. We might use this information to
contact you as necessary.  We do not sell, share or rent this
information to any other company, organization or individuals.   However, you may opt out of or opt in to our
mailings at any time. (See Opt Out/Opt In, below.).  We will also use
this information to help
diagnose problems with our server, to improve and administer our Web site.
Third Parties
Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc. may provide third parties with aggregate
statistics about our customers, traffic patterns, and related site
information. This data reflects site usage patterns gathered during thousands
of customer visits to our Web site each month but does not contain behavioral
or identifying information about any individual member, unless that member has
given us permission to share that information. We may also provide log files
and other databases of user information to third parties for analysis, so we
can get a better understanding of traffic through our site and thus improve
our content offerings. Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc. WILL NOT use third party
companies to provide delivery of e-mail newsletters and other messages over
e-mail.
Security
Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc. uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal
information you disclose both in your browsing and your purchases to protect
the loss, misuse or alteration of information placed under our control.
However, we are not responsible for any breach of security.
Opt Out/Opt In
Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc. allows users to opt out of receiving e-mail
from us or our partners. To opt out of our mailing list you can send e-mail to
remove @ diyshutters.com.
Correct/Update Personal Information
Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc. allows you to change or modify your personal
information by sending e-mail to
remove @ diyshutters.com.
Obtaining Your Consent
By using our Web site, you give Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc.
permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an
anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics. If
you register at Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc.,
you authorize Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc.
to use information you provide to personalize the information we deliver to
you and to use your demographic information when calculating aggregate
customer data.
Contact Us
If you have any additional questions or concerns about our privacy policy,
please contact us:
Kestrel Shutters & Doors, Inc.
#9 East Race Street
Stowe, Pennsylvania USA 19464
610.326.6679
610.326.6679 Fax
800.494.4321 Toll Free USA only
Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc. may occasionally amend this
policy. We suggest that you bookmark this page and check to see if it has
changed from time to time.
| Home
| Products | Quotes
| Order | Samples
| Contact
Us | Help | FAQ's
| Dealer Enquiries |
Kestrel Shutters & Doors, #9
East Race Street, Stowe, Pennsylvania 19464 USA
800.494.4321  or
610.326.6679          FAX
610.326.6779
sales @ diyshutters.com
privacy
policy         terms
of use
Copyright 1989 to 2007     Kestrel
Shutters & Doors, Inc.     ALL RIGHTS RESERVED