https://www.pendleton-usa.com/privacy-security.html
Skip to main content
Privacy & Security
This Policy was last updated on: December 31, 2019
Your privacy and security are important to us, and we appreciate the trust you place in us when you shop with us. This Privacy & Security Policy ("Policy") describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. By accessing our website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Policy. This Policy may change from time to time, so please review this page and the Policy regularly.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It:
We collect the following types of information from and about users of our website:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, and payment/order information (if you make a purchase) ("personal information");
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as location information and browsing information; and
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information you provide to us:
Postal Address - If you purchase from us or request a Pendleton catalog by mail, we will need a postal address, and we will add your name to our mailing list. Occasionally, we may also share your name with select third party companies whose services or products may interest you. If you do not want to receive our catalog or other mailings or do not want your name shared with other companies, just let us know by calling 800-649-1512 or email us at pendletoncustomerservice@penwool.com. You may also write to us at Pendleton Woolen Mills Customer Service, PO Box 3030, Portland, OR 97208.
Phone Number - We ask for your phone number in case we need to contact you regarding your order. We will not otherwise call you, and we will not share your phone number with any other companies.
Payment Information - To purchase from the Pendleton website, you will need to provide a credit card, debit card, gift card number, or other payment form when available. All payment information is encrypted and securely transmitted to our payment processor. Payment information is never stored within any Pendleton system.
Email Address - We ask for your email address in case we need to contact you regarding your order. If you would like to receive promotional emails from us, fill out our registration page or give us your email address at checkout and check the opt-in box, and we will add you to our email list. If you opt in to receive emails from us, we do not allow third parties to send you emails. If you decide you would like to be removed from this service, you may follow the instructions on the messages you are sent, call us at 800-649-1512, or email us at pendletoncustomerservice@penwool.com.
Information we collect automatically through automatic data collection technologies:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including location data, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). Pendleton honors the do-not-track settings of its customers.
The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Suggest products that may be of interest to you, or suggestions related to products you review.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies - Pendleton may use "cookies" to passively collect information about your use of our website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on your computer that lets your web browser talk with Pendleton's web server. For example, cookies help websites remember information about your visit, such as your preferred language, items saved in your shopping cart, and other settings, improving your online experience. If you are shopping on the Pendleton site and are having difficulty completing your order, please check the privacy settings in your browser. If you have your settings set to not accept cookies, you will not be able to purchase from the Pendleton site. Pendleton may also use "cookies" provided by an agent, third party agency, or other provider or other means to passively collect information about your use of our website.
Web Beacons - Pages of our website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as pixel tags) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). No personally identifiable information is collected in this process.
Google Analytics. We use a tool called "Google Analytics" to collect information about use of this Website. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit
this Website, what pages they visit when they do so, what other sites they used prior to coming to this Website, and location information. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to track marketing campaigns and to improve this Website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this Website, and does not collect any identifying information, unless you place an order. Although Google Analytics plants a cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this Website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
How We Use and Share Information:
We use, or disclose the information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to ask a question about our products, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
For data analytics, research, and marketing, including to personalize your website experience and to deliver content and product offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising:
If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by calling us at 800-649-1512 or emailing us at pendletoncustomerservice@penwool.com.
California and Nevada Residents:
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit Privacy Notice for California Residents and/or Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request by calling 800-649-1512, emailing us at pendletoncustomerservice@penwool.com, writing to Pendleton Woolen Mills Customer Service, PO Box 3030, Portland, OR 97208. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute’s opt-out requirements.
Third Party Vendors’ Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We may also from time to time contract with third-party vendors to serve ads to our customers on our behalf across the Internet or to send mailings to customers whom we think may be interested in our products or services. To do this, the vendors will collect anonymous information about your visits to our website and your interaction with our products and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a cookie or pixel tag—industry standard technology used by most major websites. No personally identifiable information is collected in this process. Our vendors may also pool the anonymous information that they collect with other sources of information not collected during your visit to our website, which may include personal information such as your name and mailing address, or about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services for purposes of determining whether you might be interested in receiving a catalog from us or from third parties. If you do not wish for cookies or pixel tags to be placed on your computer, most commercially available web browsers permit you to change your settings to prevent that from taking place.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used beyond our advertisements. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Children:
The Pendleton website is intended only for those aged 18 and older. If you are under 18, you may not register or submit personally identifiable information on, to or through the site. Pendleton does not collect personally identifiable information from any person Pendleton knows to be under 18.
Security:
If you cannot access the secure server for any reason, please call and place your order by phone at 800-649-1512. To protect the security of your information during all communications with our website, we use HTTPS (secure/encrypted HTTP using Transport Layer Security (TLS)) protocols and software, which encrypts information you input and that we return to you. The presence of a "closed lock" icon in your browser indicates encryption is being used on the webpage you are viewing. In addition, an internet address that begins with "https://..." indicates the page you are viewing uses encryption. The "s" stands for "secured."
Changes to Our Privacy Policy:
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the website and update the notice's effective date. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information:
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy, the information we collect, how we use, or any of our privacy practices, contact us at 800-649-1512, pendletoncustomerservice@penwool.com, or Pendleton Woolen Mills Customer Service, PO Box 3030, Portland, OR 97208.
Shipping Information
Returns
Embroidery & Monogramming
Payment & Sales Tax
Pendleton Warranty
Copyright Information
Privacy & Security
Terms of Use
Product Care
Frequently Asked Questions
Wholesale Inquiry
© 2020 Pendleton Woolen Mills, Inc.
If you experience difficulty viewing any material on our site,
please contact us at 1-877-996-6599 or pendletoncustomerservice@penwool.com.
© 2020 Pendleton Woolen Mills, Inc.
If you experience difficulty viewing any material on our site,
please contact us at 1-877-996-6599 or pendletoncustomerservice@penwool.com.
GET PROMO CODES, SALE ALERTS, FIRST LOOKS & MORE:
SIGN UP
© 2020 Pendleton Woolen Mills, Inc.
If you experience difficulty viewing any material on our site,
please contact us at 1-877-996-6599 or pendletoncustomerservice@penwool.com.
24/7 ORDERING1-800-649-1512
CUSTOMER SERVICE1-877-996-6599
OTHER INQUIRIES1-800-760-4844
GIFT CARDS
WHOLESALE INQUIRY
INDIAN ARTS & CRAFTS ACT
CA SUPPLY CHAINS ACT
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
SITE MAP
ACCESSIBILITY
STORE LOCATOR
CUSTOMER SERVICE
CONTACT US
TRACK MY ORDER
RETURNS
REQUEST A CATALOG
ABOUT US
PENDLETON HERITAGE
CAREERS
© 2020 Pendleton Woolen Mills, Inc.
If you experience difficulty viewing any material on our site,
please contact us at 1-877-996-6599 or pendletoncustomerservice@penwool.com.