http://www.avatarinstruments.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Avatar Instruments respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected If you request or submit information to Avatar Instruments by sending an e-mail via the “mail to:” function or filling out a “request for information” form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about Avatar Instruments solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others This notice addresses only the policy of Avatar Instruments website and not the sites that users access via links from our site. Avatar Instruments is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies Avatar Instruments website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information If you would like to have your personal information removed from Avatar Instruments, please send an e-mail via the feedback form, with “Remove personal information” in the subject line. To update, change, or correct your personal information, please send an e-mail via the feedback form with the appropriate changes.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information Avatar Instruments may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes Please note that Avatar Instruments reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Avatar Instruments and is effective as of March 1, 2011. This statement does not create an agreement between Avatar Instruments and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
For inquiries contact:Avatar Instruments 16587 Coastal Highway PO Box 496Lewes, DE 19958Phone: 302-703-6865