https://www.clays.co.uk/about/additional-information/privacy-policy/
Home / About / Additional Information / Privacy Policy
Additional Information
Privacy Policy
This policy sets out how we will use and share the information that you give us.
Introduction
Clays Limited is part of Elcograf S.p.A which in turn is part of Pozzoni S.p.A. Elcograf S.p.A is the market leader for print in Italy and the third largest in Europe.For over 200 years Clays has been producing some of the most well-known and bestselling books in the UK, providing an invaluable service to a range of publishing clients.Clays specialise in producing monochrome paperbacks and hardbacks in any quantity and to a wide range of sizes.You can visit our website here:https://www.clays.co.uk
Who are we and how to contact us
Clays Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Elcograf S.p.ARegistered office address:Popson Street,Bungay,Suffolk,NR35 1EDRegistered in England with company number 00342498 Information Commissioners Office registration number Z7005434When we refer to “we”, “us”, or “Clays Limited” we are referring to this company.You can get in touch with us in any of the following ways: By email: data.protection@clays.co.ukBy phone: 01986 893211Through this website:By post: Clays Limited, Popson Street, Bungay, Suffolk, NR35 1ED
About this privacy policy
This policy sets out how we will use and share the information that you give us. This privacy policy relates to personal data collected by us viaOur website(s)Email correspondenceTelephone callsPaper communicationsSocial mediaVisiting our officesEnquiring about or buying products or services from usProviding buying products or services to usTrade events such as conferences or exhibitionsYou should be aware that if you access third party websites (including those of our Affiliates), using links provided on our websites, these websites are outside our control and have their own privacy policies governing the use of personal data and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.An Affiliate is a company or partnership that is not wholly owned by Elcograf S.p.A, but which is part owned or controlled by Elcograf S.p.A.
What data we process about you
Clays Limited may collect and process the following categories of personal data about youContact Details:Name, contact details, organisation, employment detailsInformation generated by the work, service or relationship we may have with you.Business details, bank and financial details, communication and correspondence.Information generated by visiting our website or engaging with us on social mediaIP addresses, social handles or usernames.
How we collect information about you and how we will use it.
We may collect and store information that you provide during your correspondence with us, this could be, but not limited to, one of the following ways: Giving information directly to us by methods including filling in forms either on our website(s) or via other media. Subscribing to our newsletter Requesting any of our goods, services, downloads or other information. Communicating with us through methods including but not limited to e-mail, telephone and written correspondence. We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances: Where you have given consent for us to process your information. Where we need to perform the contractual obligations we have entered into with you or the business you are working for or with. Where we need to comply with a legal obligation. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests The purpose(s) we will collect and process your data are shown below To manage our relationship and administer our business either as a part of a contract or where we believe we have a legitimate interest to do so To execute a contract or request Where we have a legitimate interest to keep you informed of our products or services by appropriate communication methods, unless you’ve objected to us doing so. Sending you marketing and information about our business via e-mail if you have consented to it  Adding it to information we or Elcograf S.p.A companies/affiliates already hold onyou or your organisation
Data sharing
Your personal data may be shared with other companies within our Group. It may also be disclosed to a third party who acquires us, a member of our Group or substantially all of our assets. We may also share some of your personal data with the following categories of third parties: Marketing Agencies who help us promote ourselves or deliver our services Printers, Email service providers or other suppliers who help us to send our newsletters and communications Suppliers providing services to us to help us run our business We require third parties to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We will share your personal information with third parties where required by law.
International Transfer of Data
Clays Limited may send your data outside the European Economic Area (the European Economic Area being the European Union and Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, also referred to as the “EEA”), Where your personal data are transferred or accessed outside of the EEA, we require that appropriate safeguards are in place.
Your choices in relation to personal information.
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes during your relationship with us. You also have the rights and choices which you can exercise on the data we hold on you. You have the right to: Obtain access to your personal information Withdraw consent Object to direct marketing Ask us to correct any errors or delete the information we hold, Object or restrict our processing of your information Request that we port your personal information For more information or to action these rights, please contact using us on data.protection@clays.co.uk
Retention and destruction of personal information
We will take reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy of the information we hold about you. We will not use your personal information unless it is (to the best of our knowledge) accurate and up to date. We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you. When the purposes we collected the data for have ended we will retain and securely destroy your personal information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. For further details about data retention please contact the data protection officer whose details can be found in this policy.
Data Protection Officer
If you have concerns that you would like to raise with us, please contact our Data Protection team: data.protection@clays.co.uk You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office if you believe we have not acted within the law or have infringed your rights.  https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/
Security
Unfortunately, the transmission of data over the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its security. Once we have received your data we will use strict security measures to try to protect it against loss, misuse, or unauthorised alterations.
Changes
We may change the terms of this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page.
This website uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience. Please accept cookies for optimal performance.I acceptI do not acceptCookie Policy