https://www.rollo.com/privacy-policy/
Shop
Printer Setup Guide
Support & How-Tos
Ship Manager
Effective date: January 16, 2020
Rollo Ship Manager (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Rollo.com website and the Rollo Ship Manager web and mobile application (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service.
Definitions
* Service
Service means the www.Rollo.com website and the Rollo Ship Manager web and mobile applications operated by NELU LLC.
* Confidential Data
Confidential Data means data that is intended only for a limited audience, and whose release would likely have an effect on you, your customers, selling platforms or shipping platforms.
Examples include, but are not limited to: customer names, email addresses, physical addresses, purchase orders and any other information that correlates to a person, platform software source code, customer personal contact information, etc.
* Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from the data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
* Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
* Device Data
Device data is the information about the client’s operating system, browser, and/or mobile application that uses the Service (for example, client’s IP address).
* Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device) that can be accessed by the web server or the client computer.
* Selling platforms
Selling platform is an online e-commerce marketplace that may provide data to the Rollo Ship Manager if you elect. Selling platform integrations allow fetching and tracking order details to purchase shipping services from shipping platforms.
* Shipping platforms
Shipping platform is an online service provided by the postal system, express mail, private courier company, or less than truckload shipping carrier that may provide data to the Rollo Ship Manager if you elect or by default. Shipping platform integration allows creating, tracking and printing of shipping labels for parcels or mail.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain Personal Data that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). It may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Device and location data
Cookies and Usage Data
Payment information
Third party channels data (selling and shipping platforms)
While using our Service, you may provide us with certain credentials to access your selling channels information, that can be used to affect you, your customers, selling platforms or shipping platforms (“Confidential Data”). Confidential Data may include, but is not limited to:
Credentials to access platforms programmatically on your behalf
Marketplace order information, such as
order data
order items data
Shipping information, such as
name, phone number and address
shipment tracking information
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser or mobile application sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”). Confidential Data may include, but is not limited to:
The time and date of your visit
Pages of our Service that you visit
Including the time spent on those pages
Device Data
We may collect information that your device provides whenever you use our Service.
Device Data may include, but is not limited to:
Internet Protocol (“IP”) address
MAC address
Operating system and version
Browser type and version or mobile application version
Physical location,
Unique device identifiers (“black box device id” without PII to prevent fraud)
Diagnostic data
Tracking & Cookies Data
Our third party payment, shipping platform and customer support providers use cookies and similar tracking technologies to identify your device and prevent fraud or provide customer support.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information used by our third-party integrations to prevent fraud, and if you consent, we may also use these technologies to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies to operate support chat of our Service.
Security Cookies to identify your device and other security purposes.
Use of Data
Rollo Ship Manager uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
and fulfill your order for our services and/or goods
or respond to your inquiries about your order
or notify you about the status of your order
To offer Service automation for your account
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you elect to
To provide customer care and support
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Non-Personal Data may be used to provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service.
Transfer Of Data
We, and our third-party service providers, process and store your Personal Data in the United States. This means it may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction.
Your submission of Personal Data or use of our Service represents your agreement to that data transfer and your consent to this Privacy Policy.
Security of Data
Rollo Ship Manager will take steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, the internet is not a 100% secure environment, and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of the transmission or storage of your information. We maintain your information both at our own premises and at our third-party service providers.
Disclosure Of Data
Rollo Ship Manager may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of NELU LLC
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals (“Service Providers”) to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services, or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. A list of our Service Providers is maintained at https://www.rollo.com/service-providers/.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Rights of California Residents
California law gives its residents the right to ask if we disclose your Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, sell it to third parties, and offer you the right to opt out of such sales.
Additionally, California residents may request to know which Personal Data Rollo maintains about you, how this information was attained, and our business purpose for maintaining it. We will honor all valid requests for your access to or deletion of your Personal Data. However, you may be required to verify your identity before we are able to respond to your request.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us immediately for its deletion. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children it will be deleted without notice.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
https://www.rollo.com/support/
Or  by contacting us directly at:
ROLLO
Attn: Privacy
PO BOX 14923
Las Vegas, NV 89114
USA
My Account
Contact Support
Rollo Ship Manager
Returns, Refunds & Warranty
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Compare
© 2020 Rollo.
Rollo is a registered trademark of Nelu, LLC. All Rights Reserved. U.S. Patent No. D815198.
Overview
Print
Ship