http://www.amaboston.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHome
About Us
Privacy Policy
American Marketing Association’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
The following American Marketing Association Boston Chapter (AMA Boston) Terms of Use and Privacy Policy apply to all AMA Boston electronic communications including AMA Boston websites located at www.amaboston.org, connect.amaboston.org, and additional websites or domains that we may adopt, and other electronic communications that we may send to you (e.g., email messages).  These Terms of Use describe what you can access and how you can use our websites, information, and materials.  We are committed to protecting your privacy.  The Privacy Policy explains how we gather and use the information that we collect from you.
By using any AMA Boston website and opting into other methods of communication, YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Terms of Use
We may change these policies from time to time by updating this page.  Your continued use of this site and other methods of communication after we post any revised policy means that you accept our revised policy.
The Company
AMA Boston is a Boston-based Not for Profit Corporation with its principal offices at PO Box 1565, Westborough, MA 01581. Phone: 781-647-7555.
Ownership, License, Use
This website and other methods of communication are owned and operated by AMA Boston.  AMA Boston owns all rights in the names AMA BOSTON; AMERICAN MARKETING ASSOCIATION, BOSTON CHAPTER, and various other AMA Boston trade names, trademarks, and service marks and reserves all rights to such property. This website, our text messages, and all materials appearing on them are protected by copyright and may not be used without our prior written permission.  Any other trademarks or copyrighted materials appearing on the website or in text messages are the property of their respective owners and may not be used without permission.
You may access and use the materials and information on our website or in text messages as they appear there for your own personal use, educational advancement, or professional development.  Any materials that you download for your own use must maintain all copyright or other notices.  Except as we expressly permit, any redistribution, retransmission, commercial exploitation, linking, or other uses are strictly prohibited.
You shall not copy or edit the materials, or integrate them into any other media.  You shall not claim ownership or authorship, or otherwise use the materials except as we expressly permit.  You shall not hack into our website or text messages, or otherwise gain unauthorized access to or make improper use of our content or website.
No Representations or Warranties
We provide you access to the information and materials on our site or our text messages on an “AS IS” basis without any representations or warranties.  AMA BOSTON EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  We reserve the right to amend or withdraw our information, materials, and services at any time without notice.  We are not responsible or liable for any interruption or discontinuation of the website or our subscriptions.  We also have the right to terminate your access to all or part of our website or our subscriptions without notice.  While we offer a wide variety of useful information, materials, and services, we make no promises about the content, your ability to secure a position, or advance in your career.  By using this site and other methods of communication, you confirm that you have not relied on any of their respective content.
Exclusion of Liability
AMA Boston shall not be liable for any damages, including special, incidental, or consequential damages, or lost profits that are in any way related to the distribution, use, or inability to use the information or materials on this website or in our text messages, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.  In all events, our total liability is limited to the amount, if any, that you actually paid us for accessing this website or our text messages.
Third Party Links
We occasionally link to third party sites.  This is to provide you with additional information but does not mean that we endorse or are otherwise affiliated with such websites.  We have no responsibility for the content or activities on those sites.
Your Responsibility
You are responsible for complying with the laws of the jurisdiction wherever you are located, and you agree that you will not access or use this site, its information, or materials in violation of such laws.
General
We may revise these terms at any time without notice.  By continuing to access and use this site or our text messages, you consent to these policies.  Your obligations may not be sub-licensed or assigned without our prior permission.  These policies constitute the entire agreement between us governing your access and use of our site and text messages and all such information and material.  If any provision of these policies is unenforceable, it shall be modified to provide AMA Boston with the greatest protection possible.  Your obligations to respect our intellectual property (trademarks, copyrights, website, and text message content) continue even after you stop using the site or our materials.  These policies are governed by the laws of MA, and any dispute between us shall be brought in the state or federal courts located in Boston, MA.  You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of those courts.  If you have violated or threatened to violate these policies, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief against you; this is in addition to any claims for damages that we may have.  You agree to pay all of our costs of enforcement, including reasonable attorney fees.
Privacy Policy
AMA Boston is committed to protecting your personal information.
What We Collect
When you register with us, we collect selected limited information.  First, the site collects contact information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone and fax numbers.  Second, the site collects information about the type of work you do (i.e. advertising, marketing research, student, etc.) and your marketing responsibilities.
How We Use the Information
We use your information to provide you with a better experience at our site.
Access Privileges
We use information collected during registration to verify that you have the rights to access AMA-member-only content, and that you qualify for various AMA-member discounts and promotions.
AMA Boston Statement of Ethics
As an AMA member, I agree to abide by the AMA Statement of Ethics, embracing the highest ethical norms and values for marketers.
(1) Marketers must first do no harm.
(2) Marketers must foster trust in the marketing system.
(3) Marketers should embrace, communicate and practice the fundamental ethical values that will improve consumer confidence in the integrity of the marketing exchange system.
Any AMA Boston member found to be in violation of the Statement of Ethics may have his or her Association membership suspended or revoked. In order to validate your membership application, you must agree to the Statement of Ethics and adhere to it.  By agreeing to the Terms & Conditions, you will be subscribing to the Statement of Ethics.
Site navigation
In order to guide you to relevant content on the site, some of the personal information from the site registration is used to build a “Personal Home Page.”  For example, a market researcher’s Personal Home Page includes links to market research Best Practice papers, articles, and other such resources.
The initial front page of your Personal Home Page may contain information about you such as your name, the date you became a member of the AMA, and the date of your membership renewal.  All other personally identifiable information on your Personal Home Page will be accessible only through the use of your user name and password.
You may opt out of having a Personal Home Page by contacting us as set forth below.
Use of IP Address
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website.
Site Monitoring & Maintenance
We use your registration information to measure the user traffic of various sections of the site.  This information is used on an aggregate level only, and the site does not record the specific content viewed by any individual user.
Periodically, we perform site maintenance activities that may disrupt the normal operations of the site.  We endeavor to perform routine maintenance during non-peak hours.  Occasionally, unforeseen interruptions occur to normal operation of the site.  We are committed to correcting these as soon as possible.
Resumes
The AMA operates a Career Center that enables you to store your resume in our database.  When you create a resume, you have the option of making the resume searchable or non-searchable and confidential or non-confidential.  Not allowing your resume to be searchable means that you can use it to apply for a job online, but employers and recruiters will not have access to search it through our resume database product.  If you choose to make your resume searchable, then all employers and recruiters who pay for access to our resume database product will have access to your resume. In addition to making your resume searchable or non-searchable, you may designate specific information contained within your resume as confidential.  Such confidential information will not be shared with employers and recruiters who search the resume database or to whom you deliver your resume.
We use our best efforts to grant access to the resume database only to paying employers, recruiters, hiring managers, and human resource professionals, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not, without our consent, gain access to this database.  You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time.  However, employers and recruiters who have paid for access to the database, and other parties who have otherwise gained access to the database, may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases.  We are not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of resumes in these instances, or for the use or privacy of resumes by any of such parties while resumes are in the database.
E-Commerce
We offer a wide variety of products and services which may be offered either directly, through an affiliate acting on our behalf, or by third parties to whom we have established links from our website to make their products and services available to you.
E-Commerce Transactions
When you place an order online with us, your personal details and credit card information are scrambled using industry-standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption technology before being sent over the Internet.  Although we cannot guarantee encryption or the privacy of your personal details and credit card information, SSL makes it very difficult for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred.
Credit card transactions are maintained by VeriSign.  All information sent to VeriSign is compliant with Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards, which will protect it against disclosure to third parties.  When we receive your order, it is kept encrypted until VeriSign is ready to process it.  For further information about VeriSign’s privacy and security practices go to: www.verisign.com.
AMA Memberships & Registration at AMA Conferences
Credit card transactions made with us (which include membership applications and conference registrations) are encrypted via VeriSign SSL certificate.  All credit card information we retain is compliant with Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards, and does not leave our network.  The transactions are handled in-house on a PC Charge Payment Server with SSL encryption.
User Convenience/Affiliate Partners
Our website includes links to selected Affiliate Partners (designated by the “powered by” logo).  In some circumstances, we will forward to our affiliates information to pre-register our users on the affiliate’s site.  This is done to reduce the number of clicks for users or to qualify users for various promotional benefits (discounts, etc.).
Affiliate Partners Sites/Trusted Service Providers
Affiliate Partners are responsible for their own policies and procedures during e-commerce transactions.  Review the Affiliate Partners’ policies regarding e-commerce transactions on any Affiliate Partner’s site.  We are not responsible for products and services transactions that are conducted at any third party websites.
We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf.  Examples of such services include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail, e-mail and text messages, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance (including direct and targeted marketing), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.  These Trusted Service Providers have access to selected personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
In certain circumstances, we may share your customer information with Trusted Service Providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services.  We also may provide information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it.
Your personal information collected during site registration or when you sign up for our membership will not be sold to third parties for e-mail marketing or telemarketing campaigns.
Advertisers
Advertisers on our website, which may include traditional banner-style ads, listings in directories, or advertisements in the newsletter, are responsible for their own policies and procedures during e-commerce transactions.  We recommend that you review the advertiser’s policy regarding e-commerce transactions on such advertiser sites.  We are not responsible for products and services transactions that are conducted at advertiser websites.
Use of Cookies
When you view our website we might store some information on your computer.  This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file.  Cookies are small pieces of information, collected by a web browser and stored on your hard drive, not on our site.  Cookies do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot invade your hard drive and steal information.  Rather, they help you navigate a website more easily.
We use cookies to enhance your experience in using our website, display registered user names on their Personal Home Page, confirm users’ access rights to certain “access restricted” areas of the site, display their content preferences, and improve search functionality.  We also use cookies to track visitor traffic by visitor type (aggregated, not individual) for the purpose of understanding what content users find most valuable.
Because we use cookies, we can deliver faster service, consistent, updated results, and a more personalized site experience.  You have the option of setting your browser to reject cookies.  However, doing this will hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on our site.
Public Forum
This website may make public chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to you from time to time.  We may impose separate terms of use regarding content and activity at such public areas.  Further, we may monitor and/or edit posts to those areas.  Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding whether to disclose any personal information.
Children
We do not specifically collect online contact information from children nor do we target or sell products for purchase by children.
Security
This website has industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.  While there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet, we will take reasonable steps to insure the safety of your personal information.
E-Mail and Other Communications from AMA/AMA Boston
We offer educational programs and events that may be of use to individual marketers to develop new skills or advance their careers.  Information from registration is used to determine whom to contact, typically via e-mail, with an invitation to participate.  We may also send text messages to a mobile phone number that you have provided to us.  By registering on any AMA site, registering for an AMA online event, providing us your contact information, or otherwise enrolling in this service, you have agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions in this Agreement.  If you do not agree with this Agreement, you must immediately cease using these services and contact us as provided below.
For our email communications, AMA Boston members, registered users of any AMA site and other AMA customers may opt out at any time by using the “Unsubscribe” mechanism within the e-mail, which allows email recipients to manage their subscription preferences regarding AMA e-newsletters, e-mail alerts, and special offers.  This mechanism does not allow a user to opt out of receiving transactional e-mail, such as registration confirmation, product, service, or membership benefit updates, and responses to direct requests.  Content is not available on all carriers, or compatible with all cell phone models.  We are not responsible for any delays in sending or receiving text messages.
Additionally, AMA members and website registered users may opt out of receiving e-mail communications or text messages, or change their preferences via the Subscription Center accessible from “Login” link located on the AMA website (currently at http://www.ama.org/).
E-newsletter subscription preferences are displayed within the AMA member’s or site registrant’s profile (currently located at www.ama.org).  Upon log-in to the website, members and registrants may view their e-newsletter preferences by clicking the My Profile link, followed by the View link within the Subscriptions area of their profile.  Other e-mail communication preferences can be updated within the Professional Information area of the Profile.
Changes to subscription preferences will be updated immediately, but it may take up to 14 days for the changes to be active, during which time AMA members, site registrants, and customers may still receive emails.
E-Mail and Other Communications from Local Chapters of the American Marketing Association
For email communications or text message communications produced and delivered by local chapters of the AMA, AMA members may opt out at any time by contacting each local chapter directly.  Our national headquarters is not responsible for the creation, delivery, or management of “Unsubscribe” processes for our local chapters.
Our local chapters are solely responsible for implementing and managing processes allowing AMA members to unsubscribe and re-subscribe to local chapter e-mail or text message communications and are responsible for their own full compliance with federal e-mail and text message communications regulations.
A directory of local chapter websites is located within the Community Channel (Find a Chapter link) (currently located at www.ama.org).
Links to Other Websites
This website contains links to other websites.  AMA Boston is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.  If you want to know the privacy policies of the other websites, please refer to the organization sponsoring such website.
Consent
By registering on any AMA site or registering for an AMA-affiliated online event, you expressly consent to our collection and use of personally identifiable information according to this Privacy Policy.  We or our designated site partners may use the information to send you information and services that we think will be useful to you.
Opting Out of Receiving Communications
You may opt-out of receiving communications from AMA via the Subscription Center (currently located in the utility bar of www.ama.org.  Access to the Subscription Center requires an AMA member or website registrant account.  Visitors can register for an account via the Join/Renew link in the utility bar of the website. ). To opt-out of communications from AMA Boston, simply contact us at theoffice@amaboston.org.
Updating Your User Profile
We allow you to correct or update your online information.  Unfortunately, to the extent that such information is also stored in other databases, we cannot always ensure that such corrections or deletions will reach the other databases.  We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that your information is removed from or corrected in our records.
How to Contact Us
You can contact us by using the Contact Us form or send a letter to the mailing address listed below.  Please include your contact information and a detailed description of your request or privacy concern.
American Marketing Association, Boston Chapter
PO Box 1565
Westborough, MA 01581
Last updated: Dec 2015
Menu