https://www.futuredesigns.co.uk/privacy-policy/
About UsProductsRecessedSuspended/ SurfaceDownlight/ AccentBespokeProjectsLightbookBespoke BookWELLNESS by LIGHTLIGHT WORK SLEEP – EXPERIMENTHuman Centric Lighting with LED CPD CourseNewsTechnical SupportZUMI PRODUCT RANGEUAE ALLIANCE PARTNERSContact Us
Privacy PolicyFUTURE Designs Privacy PolicyEffective date: 21 May 2018We take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect and how we use it.We encourage you to read this policy thoroughly. How to contact FUTURE Designs:This web site is maintained by FUTURE Designs. Our Head Quarters are located at The Lighthouse, Fircroft Way, Edenbridge, Kent, TN8 6EJ.  You can also reach us by telephone on +44 (0)1732 867420.Our Privacy Policy is laid out below but if we have contacted you and you no longer wish to receive information from us then first of all we apologise for the inconvenience. To be removed or if there’s anything you’re unsure about in this Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us at info@futuredesigns.co.uk What information we collectWe will need to ask you for certain personal information to give you the best possible experience when you engage with us (via our websites or otherwise) and when you use our products and services.We will also collect other information about you and the devices you use to access our website, or we may ask third parties to do this for us, in these cases we do so by using technologies such as cookies. Contact informationWhen you request a quotation, catalogue or sign up to one of our newsletters we will ask you to provide some contact information. Contact information may include some or all of the following: full name, address, landline phone number, mobile phone number and email address.We may also ask you to provide some professional information which may include some or all of the following: company name, company address, company email address.Where the services or products you select carry a cost, we will ask you to provide some payment information. Payment information may include some or all of the following: credit card and debit card details. CookiesOur website uses cookies. These are nothing more than a simple text file. They are not executable programs, and consequently it is impossible for a cookie to contain a virus, or any other application. Cookies are also very small, and you run no risk of filling your hard drive with too many cookies.The Cookie that is placed on your computer contains only your unique reference number that is allocated by the registration process. This consists of a 4-digit number. There is no information in the Cookie that can identify you. The Cookie is only valid when you access the FUTURE Designs website. DeviceWe also collect certain data automatically from your visit to our website or use of our services. This may include (but is not limited to) some or all of the following: How you connect to the internet (including IP address), how you engage with our site, screen resolution, browser data stored on your device (such as cookies), information about the device software you are using such as internet browser and location data (city, region of the IP address you used when accessing our services). How we use your informationWe use your personal information different ways to make our products and services as effective as possible. To enable you to access our website and use our servicesTo accept you as a new/returning customer and continue to provide you with our products and services. To let you know about significant changes to our products and services, terms or Privacy PolicyTo notify you if there are significant changes to our products and services, their features, our terms, or our Privacy Policy. To provide and improve customer supportWe will use your information to be able to provide and improve the customer support we provide to you (e.g. if you have any questions/queries) MarketingWe will use your information for marketing purposes such as if we think one of our products, services or offers, or those of our third party partners, may interest you, we or they may contact you about them by email, SMS, on the phone or through the post.You can opt out of marketing communications at any time by following the instructions in the email or SMS or by contacting us at info@futuredesigns.co.uk Tracking activityWe will use your information to track your activity on our websites to help us better understand your interests and how you interact with us. We will also use this information to better engage with you and to ensure that you get the best service we can provide and improve our products and services in the future. To maintain our records and other administrative functionsLike any business, we need to ensure that we maintain comprehensive and up to date records of the ways we process your personal information and other operational activities and therefore we will process the information you provide for record-keeping, updates and general administrative purposes. Complaint and dispute resolutionWhilst we will try to make sure that you are happy with the products and services we provide and do not feel the need to complain, if you do complain to us, we will use the information we have about you to help us manage your complaint. To comply with the lawLike any other business, we are required to comply with many laws and regulations. We will, where necessary, use your personal data to the extent required to enable us to comply with these requirements. Email trackingWe may use performance tracking technology within our emails to improve our future interactions with you. This means we are able to capture information including (but not limited to) the time and date you open our e-mails and the type of device used to open the email.We use this information primarily to understand whether our e-mails are opened and what links are clicked on by our customers. We then use this information to improve the emails that we send to you and the services that we provide. What are the legal grounds for handling personal information?Data protection laws require that, where we process your personal data, we must satisfy at least one prescribed condition for processing. These are set out in data protection law and we rely on a number of different conditions for the activities we carry out. Necessary for performance of a contract or to comply with lawIn most cases, the information described above will be provided to us by you because you want to take services from us or engage with us and our use of your information will be governed by contract terms. Giving this information to us is therefore your choice. If you choose not to give all or some of it to us, this may affect our ability to provide the services you want, to you. In particular, we may rely on this condition for processing in the following scenarios:To enable you to access our website and use our services.To let you know about significant changes to our product or services, terms or Privacy Policy.To confirm your identity and authenticate the information you provide.To provide and improve customer support.To provide alerts.To send you service communications. ConsentWhere we collect other information from you such as enquiry forms on websites, or when we use cookies to collect information about the device you use to access our website, or sometimes third parties collect this on our behalf. You will be asked to consent to this before using our website. If you choose not to give your consent, or you later remove your consent, this may affect our ability to provide the services you want, to you. Necessary in our legitimate interests or those of a third partyIn the United Kingdom, we can also use personal information where the benefits of doing it are not outweighed by the interests or fundamental rights or freedoms of individuals. The law calls this the “Legitimate Interests” condition for processing. Where we rely on it, the benefits being pursued by us are: Running a commercial business  We have put in place various safeguards to ensure that individuals’ whose personal information we handle are not unduly harmed by the activities we use their personal data for. These include making information available to individuals so that they understand how their personal data will be used by FUTURE Designs, explaining their rights to obtain the information we hold and to have their information corrected or restricted and providing information about how individuals can complain if they are dissatisfied. Like any commercial organisation, we run a business and process information where necessary to do so. We also provide services to third parties which help them to run their businesses more effectively and efficiently.Reporting and analytical purposes To provide management information and information to improve our services.Tracking activityTo help us to improve our services. To maintain our records and other administrative purposeTo enable FUTURE Designs to provide the most accurate data for our customers and clients.Complaint and dispute resolution We will need to use customer data when looking into queries and complaints.To improve data accuracy and completenessWhen you register for our services you may supply us with additional information about yourself which we will use to improve our data accuracy and completeness.Email tracking In order to improve our communications to our customers. Your rights to how we use your personal information It is important that you understand your rights in relation to your personal information and how you can contact us if you have questions or concerns.If you’ve given us consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us via email info@futuredesingns.co.uk ; by telephone + 44 (0)1732 867420; by post to The Light House, Fircroft Way, Edenbridge, Kent, TN8 6EJ.You can also ask for access to the personal information we hold about you and request that we correct any mistakes, restrict or stop processing or delete it. It’s worth noting that in some cases if you do ask us to correct, delete or stop processing it, we won’t always be required to do so. If that is the case, we will explain why.We will try to ensure that we deliver the best levels of customer service but if you think we are falling short of that commitment, please let us know by contacting us at info@futuredesigns.co.uk.If you’re still unhappy with any aspect of how we handle your personal information you also have the right to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the supervisory authority that regulates handling of personal information in the UK. You can contact them by:Website: www.ico.org.ukTelephone: 0303 123 1113Post: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AFYou also have the option to register your complaint using the European Commission Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform. This is a web-based platform that is designed to help consumers who have bought goods or services online to deal with issues arising from their purchase. How we keep your personal information secureOnline privacy and security is the most important aspect of any customer service and we take it extremely seriously. We use a variety of the latest technologies and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, destruction, use or disclosure.We restrict access to your personal data to those employees, and third parties, who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal data. How long we keep your personal information forWe’ll keep your personal information for as long as we need it to provide and market the products and services you’ve signed up to or which may be of interest. We may also keep it to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes and enforce our rights. These reasons can vary and depend on the products or services you’re signed up to, so the amount of time we keep your personal information for may vary.In all cases, our need to use your personal information will be reassessed on a regular basis, and information which is no longer required for any purposes will be disposed of. Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe can update this Privacy Policy at any time and ideally you should check it regularly for updates. We won’t alert you to every little change, but if there are any really important changes to the Policy or how we use your information we’ll let you know and where appropriate ask for your consent. ContactData Protection OfficerLorraine MontagueT: + 44 (0) 1732 867420E: lmontague@futuredesigns.co.ukContact Us
Request a Catalogue
We use cookies, just to track visits to our website, we store no personal details. ACCEPT COOKIES What are cookies?
Close this module
FUZONE500 Air & Surface PurifierResearch is proving that ozone with UVc is highly effective at killing bacteria and viruses by destroying the molecular bonds that hold their DNA together.FUZONE500 eliminates 99.99% of bacteria both airborne and surface related.FUTURE Designs development team has created a range of technologies that integrates ozone technology into its existing commercial office luminaires to actively reduce the bacterial and viral charge of the air within closed spaces.Download our PDF