http://www.unitedcashback.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Website Information Privacy Protection Statement
Introduction
When you visit our website, Cash Back may collect or receive personal data about you. This Website Information Privacy Protection Statement sets out the purposes of the processing of personal data by Cash Back in respect of this Cash Back website, the use of cookies and how it may affect your rights in respect of your personal data.
Purpose of processing
Cash Back collects and processes information about visitors to its website when a visitor has filled out enquiry forms or signed up for e-mail alerts and/or by using cookies.
Cash Back will use this personal data in accordance with the purpose set forth in this Information Privacy Protection Statement and is committed to safeguarding the personal data collected.
Cash Back will comply with local data protection laws and Cash Back’s Internal Good Working Practices regarding international transfer of personal data, as amended from time to time.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cash Back uses cookies on its website. A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your internet browser. Your internet browser will save the cookie. A cookie is usually a unique number with which data can be associated. All cookies are set by Cash Back.
Why does Cash Back use cookies?
Cash Back uses cookies to ensure you have the best possible user experience on our website and can navigate the website quickly and efficiently. Cash Back also deploys cookies to determine where Cash Back can improve the website to make it even quicker and easier for you to find what you are looking for. Cookies are also used to provide you with relevant information and offers.
What does Cash Back do with the cookies?
Cash Back uses the cookies for various reasons:
to study how users or groups of users use the website, so that Cash Back can improve their website
to be able to better inform you of Cash Back services
to analyse data for research and statistics
to improve the website, making it easier for you to find what you are looking for
to remember your setting and preferences, this makes your subsequent visits to the website easier.
How can I accept cookies?
You can accept cookies by clicking the accept and close button on the home page of the Cash Back website. Once you have accepted it, the next time that you visit the website, the cookie pop-up will not be showed.
What am I accepting if I accept cookies?
If you accept, you are accepting all cookies used on this website.
Can I reject cookies?
If you do not wish to accept cookies, you have to change the settings of your internet browser to block all cookies.
After rejecting, you may continue your visit, no cookies will be used but the functionality of the website may be impacted. The next time you visit our website, you will be informed again that our website uses cookies.
How long will cookies be stored?
Cookies will expire after two years.
Important Information about Phishing
Phishing is a process used by fraudsters in an attempt to acquire your confidential information by sending out emails advertising fake job vacancies or other kinds of messages that direct you to bogus websites or phone lines. These emails or messages claim to be from a particular company, so they often look legitimate. These messages are actually sent by fraudsters, often at random. Any information you disclose on these bogus websites or phone lines is captured by the fraudsters.
Remember
Cash Back may contact you from time to time, but this communication will not usually ask you to enter your personal details either by email, text message or on the website. You can protect yourself by treating any unsolicited emails or calls that ask for confidential information with suspicion and/or contact your Cash Back office for confirmation.
Sensitive data
Cash Back does not seek to collect sensitive personal data (such as data revealing political opinions, religious beliefs, health or other matters) through this website. Please note that, by providing Cash Back with unsolicited sensitive personal data you (explicitly) consent to our use of said data as described above.
Third party information
Please note that this Website Information Privacy Protection does not extend to third party sites linked to this website and/or to third party sites linked from this website.
How to affect your rights; how to contact Cash Back
If you do not wish to receive any messages from Cash Back, you can contact us via our online question form or via regular email: cb@cashbackvatreclaim.com
If you have any questions about this Website Information Privacy Protection Statement, our data processing activities or your dealings with the Cash Back website, you can contact us via our online question form or via regular email: cb@cashbackvatreclaim.com
Amendments
Cash Back reserves the right to change (sections of) this Website Information Privacy Protection at any time and without notice. It is therefore recommended that you review this Website Information Privacy Protection Statement periodically for changes.
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Republic of Macedonia
Morocco
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Serbia
Slovakia
Spain
Switzerland
Sweden
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Copyright © United Cash Back. |
Privacy Policy
Company
Partners
Contact Us
Login