http://www.fmc.com/hrdataprivacy.aspx
FMC.com |
Investor Relations |
Careers |
News |
Sustainability |
Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
About FMC
Corporate Overview
Investor Relations
Sustainability
FMC Suppliers
FMC Locations
Responsible Care
Corporate Governance
Careers at FMC
Human Resources
Citizenship and Philanthropy
Information Center
Asia Pacific
Australia FMC Products
China
India
Japan
New Zealand
Pakistan
Taiwan
Global Specialty Solutions
EMEA
Austria
Bulgaria
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Hungary
Italy
Lithuania
Norway
Poland
Romania
Russia
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Latin America
Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
Mexico/Central America FMC Products
North America
Canada
United States
Global Specialty Solutions
FMC Corporation
Privacy Statement—Workforce Data
In this Privacy Statement (“Statement”), FMC describes general guidelines regarding the collection, use, and transfer of Personal Data that it collects from its workforce. This statement may be supplemented by country-specific privacy notices; if there is a conflict between these principles and a country-specific notice, the country-specific notice will govern.
Scope
For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, “Personal Data” is information about an individual in the workforce of FMC Corporation or the workforce of an FMC affiliate or subsidiary company that identifies the individual. For example, Personal Data may include, but is not limited to, date of hire, date of birth, start/end date, job title, compensation and benefits information and information collected through company-issued technology accounts, either alone or in any combination, if the data can be used to identify an individual. This Statement applies to Personal Data obtained from FMC and FMC affiliate and subsidiary company workforce, with a focus on data collected outside of the United States that may be transferred to the United States.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to aggregate information collected or developed by FMC concerning the workforce. Aggregate information may include statistics, such as the number of people working in a certain country, demographic information or any other information which does not identify a specific individual.
Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Data
FMC creates and receives Personal Data in connection with the management and administration of pre-employment, employment, and post-employment matters. FMC uses Personal Data for business operations, workforce development, information technology, administrative purposes, and when required in the course of judicial or administrative proceedings or otherwise by applicable law to protect the interests of FMC and third parties, or with appropriate notification as required by law. FMC may provide information about the workforce to third parties for purposes related to employment or the administration of FMC’s compensation, benefits and human resources programs. For example, FMC may disclose Personal Data to compensation and benefits consultants, internal and external auditors, and legal or tax professionals retained by the company. FMC does not rent, sell, or lease workforce Personal Data.
Choice
Where required by law, FMC will offer members of the workforce the opportunity to opt out of having their Personal Data collected, used, and disclosed. As a general matter, FMC does not use or share “sensitive” information (for example, personal information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, and religious or philosophical beliefs) about the workforce with third parties, unless required by law or otherwise authorized.
Data Security
FMC takes reasonable measures to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. These measures include, but are not limited to: training and communication of appropriate policies and practices; restricted access and monitoring of buildings, systems, and files; appropriate technical measures including firewalls, etc.; personal password and authentication protection; and authorization requirements to access Personal Data on a “need to know” basis either for job requirements or specific business purposes. FMC will store Personal Data for as long as it is deemed reasonably necessary. This may extend beyond the term of an individual’s employment or engagement.
Transfer
FMC entities located outside of the United States may transfer Personal Data outside of the country of collection to FMC’s headquarters in the United States for purposes consistent with this notice. FMC also may use third party service providers, including cloud providers, to host Personal Data. Many of the servers that store Personal Data, whether operated by FMC or a non-affiliated third party, are maintained in the United States. Therefore, the Personal Data of FMC and FMC affiliate and subsidiary company workforce may be exported to, and stored and processed in, the United States. Personal Data stored in the United States may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the United States.
Data Integrity
FMC processes Personal Data in ways compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by an individual or applicable law. To the extent necessary for such purposes, FMC takes reasonable steps to make sure Personal Data is accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable with regard to its intended use.
Access
FMC provides individuals with reasonable access to the Personal Data they provided to FMC. FMC also provides the ability to review and correct Personal Data, as applicable, by contacting the Human Resources Service Center.
Questions
If a complaint regarding FMC’s use of Personal Data is raised, FMC will investigate and try to resolve any dispute. Any questions or concerns regarding this
Privacy Statement or the handling of employee or contractor Personal Data should be directed to the Human Resources Service Center by using the information below:
FMC Human Resources Service Center
701 Princeton South Corporate Center
Ewing, NJ 08628
HRSC@FMC.com
1 (888) 362 – 4448
If the dispute cannot be resolved, individuals may have certain rights under local laws. In the European Union, FMC will participate in the dispute resolution procedures of European data protection authorities.
Amendment
This Privacy Statement may be amended from time to time.
Translations
Bulgarian Translations
Czech Translations
Danish Translations
Dutch Translations
French Translations
German Translations
Hungarian Translations
Italian Translations
Polish Translations
Romanian Translations
Spanish Translations
Turkish Translations
Ukrainian Translations
Terms & Conditions  |
Web Privacy  |
HR Data Privacy  |
Sitemap
©2020
FMC Corporation. All Rights Reserved. FMC, the FMC logo and all trademarks, service marks, logos, business names and trade names are the property of FMC Corporation and/or its affiliates or licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries.
CONNECT WITH FMC