https://www.blueplanetarchive.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
GalleriesNew Images Featured Galleries Main Galleries
Art PrintsAbout Our Art Prints How To Order Prints Popular Art Prints See Our Featured Galleries Browse Our Main Galleries Search By Keyword
Client AreaMy Account Lightbox Cart Online Payment Licensing Advanced Search
Blog Contact Us
Privacy Policy
About Your Privacy
When you visit our web site, Blue Planet Archive necessarily collects data about you, either provided by you directly or obtained as you use the web site. We respect your right to privacy and we have developed a Privacy Policy to protect your personal data, and to explain to you what data we collect and how it is used.
We appreciate your business, and will be happy to answer any concerns you may have about our Privacy Policy and our web site. Please contact us.
Blue Planet Archive Privacy Policy
1. OPT-OUT
You may opt out of receiving information from us. Our site allows you to do this at the point where we request information from you, or you may do so, or modify your information, by contacting us.
2. SECURITY
Blue Planet Archive has security built in to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the information you have provided to us. We review our security regularly to insure that it is current and complete.
3. CONTACT INFORMATION
Your contact information (name, address, email) that you enter on the Sign Up Form is used to contact you to confirm and deliver orders. We also use this information to contact you periodically about our company. You may opt out of receiving mailings from us. We do not share your contact information with any third party affiliates or business partners unnecessarily .
4. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The financial information you provide to us is used only to bill you for your purchases. We do not share your financial information with any third party affiliates or business partners unnecessarily.
5. COOKIES
Cookies are small files we place on your hard drive in order to keep track of your requests and purchases. You will need to use a browser that supports cookies and has cookies enabled if you wish to place an order with us. This is normal practice for all web sites that you buy products or services from, and does no damage to your computer.
6. IP ADDRESS
We use your IP address to identify you and match you with the registration data you have already provided to us, so that we can complete your orders.
Go to Top
error: Content is protected.