http://www.saai.com/terms-of-use-agreement/
Terms of Use & Conditions Agreement
YOU AGREE TO READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE AND ANY OF ITS CONSTITUENT PARTS, SUCH AS OUR QUARTERLY REPORTS OR PROPRIETARY DATABASES (hereinafter “Web Site”). Use of the Web Site signifies your unconditional agreement to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions of use, do not access or otherwise use this Web Site.
Please read the following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using this website.
Strategic Asset Alliance (SAA) is an investment advisory firm with its principal place of business located in Bellingham, WA. SAA and its investment adviser representatives are in compliance with the current registration requirements imposed upon registered investment adviser firms by those states in which we maintain clients. SAA may only transact business in those states or other jurisdictions in which it is registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration requirements. Investment Adviser does not provide investment advisory services to businesses outside of the U.S.
Important information describing SAA’s business operations, services, and fees can be viewed on the SEC’s website at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. SAA will provide its Form ADV disclosure brochure, which serves as the firm’s disclosure document, to all clients.
Copies are also available to interested parties upon request.
For detailed information about SAA’s investment adviser representatives who may serve retail clients, you may also visit www.adviserinfo.sec.gov and view background information about such investment adviser representatives.
SAA is not soliciting business in international jurisdictions where it is not registered.
This website is intended for informational purposes only. Despite our efforts to be accurate, these pages may contain errors and information that is no longer current. The information published on this website is subject to change on a regular basis without notice. This website should not be regarded as a complete analysis of the subjects discussed.
Past performance is not indicative of future results. Therefore, no current or prospective client should assume that future performance of any specific investment or investment strategy (including the investments and/or investment strategies recommended or undertaken by Investment Adviser) made reference to directly or indirectly by Investment Adviser in its website, or indirectly via a link to an unaffiliated third party web site, will be profitable or equal the corresponding indicated performance level(s).
Different types of investments and/or investment strategies involve varying levels of risk, and there can be no assurance that any specific investment or investment strategy (including investment strategies detailed on this website by SAA) will be either suitable or profitable for a client’s or prospective client’s portfolio and may result in a complete loss of principal.
Nothing on this website should be constructed as a solicitation or offer, or recommendation to acquire or dispose of any investment or to engage in any other transaction. Investment Adviser does not render or offer to render personal investment advice or financial planning advice through our website.
Viewing or utilizing information on this website, or contacting or responding to our offices or investment adviser representatives does not create an investment advisory relationship of any kind. An investment advisory relationship can only be established and investment advice can only be provided after the following three events have been completed: (1) our thorough review with you of all the relevant facts pertaining to a potential engagement; (2) the execution of a written engagement and fee agreement; and (3) delivery of the Form ADV disclosure brochure.
SAA uses links to other web sites in an effort to assist users in locating information on topics that might be of interest to them. We cannot attest to the accuracy of information provided by linked sites. Linking to a web site does not constitute an endorsement by SAA of any of its employees of the sponsors of the site or the products presented on the site. Technical problems with outside links, other than a link that has been moved or changed, should be reported to the entity that maintains the site.
Our website is provided to you without charge as a convenience and for your information only. By providing access to our website content, we do not warrant nor represent the following:
– the content is accurate or complete;
– the content is up-to-date or current;
– we have a duty to update any content;
– the content is free from technical inaccuracies or typographical errors; and
– your access to our website will be free from interruptions, errors, computer viruses, or other harmful components.
We do not assume any liability for these matters. In other words, you use our website at your own risk. Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall we be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages. This includes loss of data or profit arising out of the use or the inability to use the content of this website, even if one of our representatives has been advised of the possibility of your damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages. In such jurisdictions, our liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
Use of the Web Site
By accessing the Web Site, you warrant and represent to SAA Advisors, Inc d/b/a Strategic Asset Alliance, its affiliates or any other related entities (hereinafter “SAA”) that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of information made available via the Web Site.
SAA may gather, process and use information and materials received from you (e.g., name, physical address, e-mail address) or collected through your use of the Web Site for any lawful reason or purpose. This includes utilizing your history of browsing on the Web Site for analysis and selective forwarding to sponsors and advertisers on the Web Site, when you view a page or link provided by that sponsor or advertiser.
SAA reserves the right, at its sole discretion, from time to time to change, modify, add or remove any portion of this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time. Notification of changes in the Agreement will be posted on the Web Site.
SAA does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed or distributed through the Web Site. You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such opinion, advice, statement, memorandum, or information shall be at your sole risk. Any views expressed herein are those of the author(s), are based on available information, and are subject to change without notice.
SAA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the Web Site.
Any material on this Web Site is not intended to constitute investment advice or an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase securities. Investors should always obtain and read an up-to-date investment services description or prospectus before deciding whether to appoint an investment manager, investment consultant or to invest in any security or fund.
SAA, at its sole discretion, may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Web Site at any time, including the availability of any Web Site feature, database or Content. SAA may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Web Site without notice or liability.
SAA reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or government request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in the SAA’s sole discretion are objectionable or in violation of this Agreement.
THE SAA WEB SITE, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT, SOFTWARE, FUNCTIONS, MATERIALS AND INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE WEB SITE, IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, THE COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER FOR THE CONTENT ON THE WEB SITE OR THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION AND FUNCTIONS MADE ACCESSIBLE BY THE SOFTWARE USED ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE WEB SITE, FOR ANY HYPERTEXT LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEB SITES OR FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF SENSITIVE INFORMATION THROUGH THE WEB SITE OR ANY LINKED SITE. FURTHER, THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE WEB SITE OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE USE OF THE WEB SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CONTENT AND ANY ERRORS CONTAINED THEREIN. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE WEB SITE OR FOR ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEB SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AGENTS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, AND THEREFORE SOME OF THE PRECEDING LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
You represent, warrant and covenant that you shall not upload, post or transmit to or distribute or otherwise publish through the Web Site any materials which: (i) restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Web Site; (ii) are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, offensive, pornographic, profane, sexually explicit or indecent; (iii) constitute or encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law or governmental regulation; (iv) violate, plagiarize or infringe the rights of third parties including, without limitation, copyright, trademark, patent, rights of privacy or publicity or any other proprietary right; (v) contain a virus or other harmful or destructive elements; (vi) contain any information, software or other material of a commercial nature; (vii) contain advertising of any kind; or (viii) constitute or contain false or misleading indications of origin or statements of fact.
By posting messages, uploading files, inputting data or engaging in any other form of communication (individually or collectively “Communications”) to the Web Site, you hereby grant to SAA a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, unrestricted, non-exclusive, royalty free license to use, copy, license, sublicense, adapt, distribute, display, publicly perform, reproduce, transmit, modify, edit and otherwise fully exploit such Communications, in all media now known or hereafter developed. You hereby waive all rights to any claim against SAA for any alleged or actual infringements of any proprietary rights, rights of privacy and publicity, moral rights and rights of attribution in connection with such Communications.
Trademarks
The trademarks, names, logos and service marks (collectively “trademarks”) displayed on this Web Site are registered and unregistered trademarks of the owners of said trademarks. Nothing contained on this Web Site should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademark without the prior written permission of the trademark owners.
The Web Site is protected by one or more copyrights pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions and other intellectual property laws. You will abide by any and all copyright notices, trademark notices, ownership information or restrictions contained in any Content on the Web Site. You may download and make copies of the Content and other downloadable items displayed on this Web Site, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in such Content. Copying or storing of any Content on the Web Site for reproduction, redistribution or publication to third parties for commercial purposes is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from SAA. All rights to SAA’s copyrighted materials not expressly granted herein are reserved by SAA.
External links
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of SAA, its affiliates or any other related entities, and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. Links to and from the Web Site to such third party sites do not imply or constitute an endorsement by the Company of any third party material or contents.
SAAO has a long standing policy that does not allow it to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions or materials other than those which have been specifically requested or otherwise affirmatively solicited by SAA in writing. It is the intent of this policy to avoid possible misunderstandings as to the ownership of creative ideas, concepts, suggestions or materials. If you send any creative materials, suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts or other information (collectively known as the “Information”) to SAA in printed form, electronic means or otherwise, the Information shall be deemed to be the property of SAA and shall not be subject to any obligations of confidence, non-disclosure or non-usage. SAA is hereby entitled to unrestricted usage of the Information on a worldwide basis without compensation to the provider of the Information.
Warranties
SAA, its affiliates or any other related entities makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the Web Site.
Disclaimer of liability
SAA, its affiliates, or any other related entities shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the Web Site, any information contained on the Web Site, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither SAA, its affiliates, or any other related entities, nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
You hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SAAO, and all its officers, directors, agents, employees, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees from and against any and all liabilities, claims, penalties, losses, damages, cost and expense (including court costs and reasonable attorney’s fees, interest expense and amounts paid in compromise or settlement), suits or actions arising out of or resulting from any breach by you of this Agreement, including the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants. You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim.
Confidentiality
You acknowledge that, unless explicitly stated otherwise, Communications involving the Web Site are not confidential and that Communications may be read or intercepted by others. You acknowledge that by submitting Communications to SAA, no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied or other relationship is created between you and SAA other than pursuant to this Agreement.
Conflict of terms
If there is a conflict or contradiction between the provisions of these Web Site terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the Web Site shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the Web Site.
Severability
Any provision of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices, which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to being void, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that it is so unenforceable, be treated as void and the remaining provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall remain in full force and effect.
Applicable laws
Use of this Web Site shall in all respects be governed by the laws of the state of Washington, U.S., regardless of the laws that might be applicable under principles of conflicts of law. The parties agree that the courts located in Whatcom County, State of Washington, U.S., shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all controversies arising under this agreement and agree that venue is proper in those courts.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between SAA and you with respect to your use of and access to the Web Site. This Agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and the Company with respect to the Web Site. Use of the Web Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of and access to the Web Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to give legal effect to the intent of the Agreement, and the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement or the Web Site to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records generated and maintained in printed form by the Company. The failure of the Company to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor bar the Company’s right to enforce the provision.
Please click here to read our Privacy Policy