https://www.sundance.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how Sundance Multiprocessor Technology Ltd. will process your personal data that you may provide to us or that we may collect from you when you visit our websites sundance.com, sundance.solutions, sundance.tehnology and the support forums at support.sundance.com.
Sundance Multiprocessor Ltd.is defined as a data controller under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Data Protection Act 2018 and is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) under Z7309407.
Sundance Multiprocessor Technology Ltd. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and will only process personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Contact details
If you have any questions our contact details are:
Sundance Multiprocessor Ltd.
Unit 20, Chiltern House,
Waterside,
Chesham,
Bucks
HP5 1PS
UK
Telephone: 01494 793167
E-mail: gdpr@sundance.com
The information we collect
We process personal data including and not limited to:
Name and job title
Contact information including e-mail address and telephone number
Invoice and delivery addresses
Demographic information such as postcode and preferences
Legal grounds for processing your information
We will rely on the following legal bases under GDPR to process your personal data:
Consent
Performance of a contract
Legal obligation
Vital interest
Public interest or exercise of official authority
Legitimate interest pursued by the controller or 3rd party
How we collect your information
Voluntary Information
You may provide us this information when completing forms and contracts, corresponding via the telephone, e-mail or live chat or we may meet you at an event or exhibition.
Involuntary information when you visit our website
We may gain information that we gather through our monitoring of visits to our website. We use Google Analytics as well as Statcounter and cookies in order to improve our service, user experience and to analyse how the website is used. Aside from the approximate location (IP address), the information collected is mostly anonymous traffic data including browser information, device information and language. We do not collect any additional information which could be classified as personal via these means.
How we process your information
We collect and process data for the following reasons:
to ensure we can fulfil our service levels to a high standard
internal record keeping
to improve our products and services
to ensure that our website is presented in the most effective manner
our legal requirements as a UK registered business
to communicate with our partners
to market our products and service (see Marketing below)
We will also provide information to 3rd parties, when it is necessary to fulfil your service requirements. These include but are not limited to 3rd party carriers for the delivery of goods and secure payment gateway services.
We only process your data in the UK. In all circumstances the information obtained will be retained and utilised in accordance with all applicable laws, in particular the Data Protection Act 2018 and GDPR. Accordingly we will maintain and protect the confidentiality of your information.
Marketing
We may from time to time contact you to make you aware of new products and services, unless you explicitly request us not to do so.
If you have made a purchase with Sundance pre-dating 25th May 2018, you will receive regular product recommendations from us by e-mail. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you can opt out by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any Sundance marketing e-mail.
If you are a new customer, you can opt out of email communications at the new customer stage of a purchase by letting us know. This will ensure we do not send promotional material via email.
We never share your name and contact details with third parties for marketing purposes. We do use third party service providers to send out marketing material but only allow them to use that information on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat the information confidentially and to comply with data protection legislation.
Data security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure your information.
How do we protect your personal data?
We treat your data with care and take all steps to protect it
Access to our websites is password protected
We monitor our systems for any intrusions
We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach as required by law
Data retention
We collect and store data for the purposes of all our business operations and to provide service to our customers.
How long will we keep personal data?
For active customers we will retain data for as long as you remain active.
For inactive customers we will retain data for marketing purposes; however we will anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in such case we may use such information without further notice to you.
On request of an ‘unsubscribe’ or a specific request not to be contacted, personal data will be transferred to a suppression list.
We will keep personal data in our database for our own internal records.
Your rights
You have the right to:
Receive disclosure of any of your personal data that we store and process.
Update/amend inaccuracies or changes to your data
Opt out of e-mail marketing by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any Sundance email marketing communication
Request for processing of your personal data to be restricted
Be informed of what lawful basis we are relying on for the processing of your personal data
Be forgotten (have your personal data deleted) or we would recommend that we supress you from future communications, rather than delete your data from our database.
If you wish to review, verify, correct or request the erasure of your personal data, object to the processing of your personal data, withdraw the consent to the processing of your personal data or request that we transfer a copy of your personal data to a third party please contact our Data Protection team at GDPR@sundance.com.
We will respond to the request as soon as we can. Generally this will be within one calendar month from when we receive your request but on occasions it may take longer to deal with your request and in such circumstances we will let you know.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
Automated Decision Making
We do not use any form of automated decision making in our business.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Any changes we make to our Privacy Notice in future will be posted on our website and where appropriate notified to you by e-mail or otherwise.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Accept and close Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.