http://www.storagetank.co.uk/privacy-policy
sales@jaenvirotanks.co.uk 03300 577 577 Privacy PolicyWe (JAenvirotanks) regard your privacy as important. Information we collect from you, where you choose to provide it to us, enables us to send you information about products and services in which you register an interest. By providing us with your information you consent to us processing it for this purpose. We will not pass it on to any third party. By visiting our website, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.Information We May Collect About YouWe may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, sign up for any regular newsletter, information services, web forum or consultancy, search for a product, place an order on our site and when you report a problem with our site or otherwise contact us. The information you give us may include your name, address, email address and phone number, and financial and credit card information.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site, we may automatically collect the following information:technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including the date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, lengths of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, any phone number used to call our customer service number if you linked to our site from another website, the address of that website, and, if you linked to the site from a search engine, the address of that search engine and the search term you used.
Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any other website we operate or other services we provide. We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
Uses Made of the InformationWe use the information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services you request from us, to notify you about changes to or to make suggestions and recommendations that may interest you about our range of products or services, or to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer. Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:- deliver effective services to you and understand your needs- ensure that we fulfil our legal obligations- maintain and update your customer records or contact details- contact you when we need to- obtain your opinion and feedback about the services we provide Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with the information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
You may revoke your consent to the processing of your data at any time by sending an email to sales@jaenvirotanks.co.uk You may ask us at any time for information about any personal data we hold about you, or ask us to correct or delete that information. Any access request may be subject to a fee to meet our costs in providing you with the details of the information we hold about you. Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and where appropriate notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy notice.
Email: Sales@jaenvirotanks.co.uk Telephone: 03300 577 577 Copyright © 2019 Metcraft Group LTD - All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy