https://www.adt.com/help
Skip to main content
Making moves to a new home?
Unpack our special offers
SAVE NOW
Home & Personal
Small Business
Health & Senior Safety
Commercial
Support
Login
0
0
Call
Call Us Now
0
Home & Personal
Business Security
Health & Senior Safety
Commercial
Packages
Services & Solutions
Home Security Systems
Fire & Life Safety
Smart Home Automation
Security for Renters
Multifamily Solutions
Products
Security Panels
Security Cameras
ADT Mobile App
Identity Theft Protection
Why ADT
Security Benefits
LifeSaver Stories
Resources
Login
Support
Get a free quote
and ADT offers.
Call
or fill out the form below and an ADT Specialist will call you, from time to time, about ADT offers.
Name
Email
Phone
ZIP
By clicking the 'Get a Free Quote' button below, I agree that an ADT specialist may contact me via text messages or phone calls to the phone number provided by me using automated technology about ADT offers and consent is not required to make a purchase. Your information is collected and used in accordance with our privacy policy
GET A FREE QUOTE
Thank You
Expect a call from an ADT Security Specialist as soon as possible. If you want a reply sooner, call us directly.
Something
went wrong
An error occurred when trying to submit the form. Please contact ADT.
Call Now
Looking for how-to videos for your ADT system? Click here
Answers to common questions
How do I read my ADT bill?
You can visit the How to Read My Bill page for a step-by-step description of how to read each section of your bill, or download and use this PDF.
How can I update information on my account?
There are a host of things you can update through the My Account tab once you log into your MyADT account. You can ensure your billing information is current, add or change a credit card, set up EasyPay automatic Payments, order new batteries for your devices and schedule service appointments. Start by logging in a MyADT.com.
How do I place my system in test mode?
To ensure your system is sending signals to ADT, we recommend testing it every 30 days. It’s easy to test your system, simply log into MyADT.com, select the Alarm System tab, select System Test from the top, and then click the Start Test Mode button. You can also call 800-ADT-ASAP to put your system into Test Mode.
How can I obtain an Alarm Monitoring Certificate?
Many insurance companies offer discounts to homeowners who have monitored security systems installed. To get your Alarm Monitoring Certificate for your insurance company, log into MyADT.com and click on the Account Documents tab. Under Insurance Discount at right, select Alarm Monitoring Certificate.
I am moving, how can ADT help me?
If you’re moving, taking your security with you is easy. Existing customers receive exclusive discounts on installation of a new system. Visit our Moving Checklist and see our current moving specials.
Trending Topics
How to use Pulse App
How to use Control App
How to manage ADT Doorbell
Preventing False Alarms
How to replace my battery
How to get help with a solicitation concern
How to arm and disarm your system using the Control App
How to arm and disarm your system using the Pulse app
ADT Business
Find FAQs, system troubleshooting help and more.
Support for Business
ADT Medical Alert
Find FAQs and other information about systems and billing.
Support for Health
MyADT
Sign up for EasyPay, manage your account and more.
Login to MyADT
Still have questions?
Connect with us!
Facebook
TWITTER
INSTAGRAM
Call us
Support
24/7 support available
(800) 716-3640
Sales
New customers
(800) 887-9465
Talk with an ADT Security Specialist.
Get a FREE Security Quote
Tap to Call
Get a FREE Quote
We use cookies on our website. To learn more about cookies and how we use them view our Privacy Policy.
DISMISS
Get a free Quote.
Call
or fill out the form and an ADT Specialist will call you about ADT and LifeShield offers.
Name
Email
Phone
ZIP
By clicking the 'Get a Free Quote' button below, I agree that an ADT specialist may contact me via text messages or phone calls to the phone number provided by me using automated technology about ADT offers and consent is not required to make a purchase. Your information is collected and used in accordance with our privacy policy
Get a FREE Quote
Thank You
Expect a call from an ADT Security Specialist as soon as possible.If you want a reply sooner, call us directly at:
Something
went wrong
An error occurred when trying to submit the form. Please contact ADT.
Call Now