https://www.dias-infrared.com/privacy-statement
Home » Privacy Statement
The DIAS Infrared GmbH (hereinafter referred to as DIAS) takes the protection of privacy very seriously. It goes without saying that DIAS complies with the statutory provisions. Through this privacy statement, DIAS would like to, among other things, inform the user how personal information is collected and processed on this site.
DIAS collects and uses personal data exclusively within the scope of the regulations of the data protection law of the Federal Republic of Germany, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and this privacy statement.
The following statements provide information about the manner, extent and purpose of collecting and using personal data.
1. Name and address of the person responsible for the processing of personal data
Responsible in terms of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Federal Data Protection Act and other regulations with data protection law nature is this:
DIAS Infrared GmbH
Pforzheimer Straße 21
01189 Dresden, Germany
Phone: +49 351 896 74-0
Fax: +49 351 896 74-99
Email: info@dias-infrared.de
Web: https://www.dias-infrared.com
CEOs: Dr. Frank Nagel, Dr. Uwe Hoffmann, Prof. Dr. Günter Hofmann
2. Collection of personal data
Personal data is information that can be used to determine the identity of the user. This includes personal information such as the name, address, phone number and email address of the user.
Personal data is not automatically collected on the site; the collection of data is exclusively initiated by the user. The collected data exclusively takes place through the use of the latest encryption methods. This currently is the SSL standard, which can be recognized in the URL as “https” or the lock icon in the user’s browser address bar.
We collect the mandatory personal data as follows:
Contact form
a. Name
b. Email address
Questionnaire concerning contactless temperature measurement
a. Company
b. Contact
c. Email address
c. Email address
Server log-files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
Browser type and browser version
used operating system
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
These data can not be assigned to specific persons. A merge of this data with other data sources will not be done. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively, if we become aware of specific indications for illegal use. *Source: erecht24.de
Cookies
The internet pages partly use so-called cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and stored by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. These cookies allow us to recognize your browser the next time you visit.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally exclude and enable the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website. * Source: erecht24.de
3. Processing personal data
Personal data that the user submits to DIAS is saved, processed and used for the purpose of processing inquiries or input. Data is only passed on to third parties if consent was given in advance for this purpose.
No passing on of personal data
DIAS will not sell, lease or share personal data with third parties unless obliged to do so by law.
4. Technology used
DIAS uses common technologies for this website (i.e. JavaScript), in order to share the desired information in a more convenient manner. DIAS does not, under any circumstances, use this technology to spy out personal data or to manipulate data on the user’s computer.
SSL
This site uses SSL encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of sensitive content, such as the requests you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by changing the address line of the browser from “http: //” to “https: //” and the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL encryption is enabled, the data you submit to us can not be read by third parties. *Source: erecht24.de
Analysis tools
We do not use any tools or plug-ins on our website for the analysis, tracking or retargeting of personal data.
5. The right to information, deletion and blocking rights
The user has the right to request information concerning personal data saved, its origin, possible recipients and the purpose of data processing from DIAS at any time. This may also be possible electronically upon request.
Moreover, the user has the right at all times to request that the data be deleted. If deletion is not possible due to conflicting legal provisions, the data will be blocked.
6. Declaration of consent
The user expressly agrees to the collection, processing and use of the personal data submitted for house advertising purposes, in particular for the mailing of newsletters, direct mailings, email and telephone advertising. The user may object to these advertisements at any time by writing an email to info@dias-infrared.de.
7. Questions to Data Protection Officer
DIAS has appointed a company data protection officer. You can reach the data protection officer under the following contact details:
Data Protection Officer
DIAS Infrared GmbH
Pforzheimer Straße 21
01189 Dresden, Germany
Phone: +49 351 896 74-0
Fax: +49 351 896 74-99
E-Mail: privacy@dias-infrared.de
Privacy Statement
Questionnaire for non-contact temperature measurement
Contact
Any questions to our products and services?
Call +49 351 896 74-0
Mail: info@dias-infrared.de
Use our Contact Form.
Home
Applications
Fire detection
Metal industry
Glass industry
Solar industry
Plastics production
Monitoring of combustion chambers
Research and development
Products
Infrared cameras
Infrared line cameras
Pyrometers
Temperature switch
Software
Infrared detectors and arrays
Calibration sources and emitters
System solutions
Services
Company
Team
Quality management
Job offers
News
Exhibitions
Press
Publications
Training Courses
Resources
Presskit
Product Photos
Videos
Tools
Service
Request RMA Number
Contact
Sales
Contact persons
Questionnaire
How to find us
Legal notice