http://www.prometic.com/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
Liminal BioSciences Inc. and its affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Liminal”, “we”, “us” or “our”). We, as well as certain third parties that provide content and other functionality on our websites (“Services”) use cookies, web beacons and other similar tracking technologies on our online services. By continuing and using the Liminal website, including by remaining on the landing page, you consent to the use of cookies. Please note that parts of the website may not function correctly if you disable all cookies.
The technology we use
Cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Web Beacons / Pixel Tags
Web beacons or pixel tags and similar technologies are small bits of code, which are embedded in web pages, ads, and e-mail, that communicate with third parties. Pixel tags can collect information such as the Internet Protocol (“IP”) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the web beacon appears; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears; the time the page containing the pixel tag was viewed; the type of browser that fetched the pixel tag; and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server. We may use web beacons, for example, to count the number of users who have visited a particular web page, to deliver or communicate with cookies, and to understand usage patterns. We also may include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Other technologies
There are other local storage and Internet technologies, such as Local Shared Objects (commonly called “Flash cookies”) and HTML5 local storage that operate similarly to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your device and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences across different services and sessions.
The types of cookies that we use
We use 4 varieties of cookies which operate on our website:
(a) Essential Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the functionality of the Service. These cookies can be disabled in your browser but may prevent certain parts of the Services from functioning.
(b) Analytics Cookies
These cookies help us determine the course and amount of traffic to the Service and help us to better understand how our visitors use the Services. If you choose to disable these cookies, it will impact our ability to measure the performance of the Services.
(c) Functionality Cookies (also called customiser cookies)
These cookies help us to enhance the functionality of our website, including through the use of customisation or personalisation. These cookies may be set by third parties. Disabling these cookies may prevent certain parts of the services from functioning.
(d) Advertising or Targeting Cookies
Advertising or targeting cookies may be set by third parties to facilitate the delivery of targeted advertising, including through the delivery of interest – based advertising, and helping us measure the effectiveness of our campaigns. If you disable these cookies, you may receive less relevant or targeted advertising.
These cookies collect information relating to the origin of your visit, where you were exposed to our advertising, what advertising feature you saw, whether you arrived directly or indirectly to our site, the device you used to visit our site, and which downloads you performed. This information is collected on an anonymous basis via third party suppliers.
In addition, we also utilise cookies on certain pages of our site to communicate with third party data suppliers in order to extrapolate your digital behaviour. This help us to understand and target more relevant advertising in the future. The information we receive is all aggregate and anonymous, but will include statistics such as demographics, online behaviour, product interests and lifestyle. Targeting and tracking cookies are provided via trusted third-party suppliers. Should you require more information regarding our suppliers and how these cookies operate please contact us.
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)	https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)	https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)	http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)	https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)	https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)	https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Our details
This website is owned and operated by Liminal BioSciences Inc. (Liminal).
We are registered in Canada under LBI Corporate Number 307730-6 and our Liminal Business Number is 895509446RC0001. Our registered office is:
440 Boul. Armand-Frappier
Suite 300
Laval, 	Quebec
H7V4B4
Canada
Our principal place of business is:
440 Boul. Armand-Frappier
Suite 300
Laval, 	Quebec
H7V4B4
Canada
You can contact us:
(a)	by post, to:
440 Boul. Armand-Frappier
Suite 300
Laval, 	Quebec
H7V4B4
Canada
(b)	using our website contact form: http://www.liminalbiosciences.com/contact/
(c)	by telephone, on +1.450.781.0115
(d)	by email: info@liminalbiosciences.com
Representative within the European Union
To get in touch with a representative within the European Union and the UK with respect to our obligations under data protection laws for Liminal, you can contact dataprotection@liminalbiosciences.com.