https://www.vennlifesciences.com/privacy-policy/
SUBMIT YOUR RFP | RESOURCES | CONTACT US
Venn Life Sciences / Privacy Policy
Website Use Privacy Policy
This privacy policy covers the policy protection implications of the use of Venn Life Sciences’ website.
Venn Life Sciences takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data in confidence and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection policy. Venn Life Sciences is a data controller within the meaning of Art. 4.7 of EU Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) that enters into force on May 25, 2018.
The use of Venn Life Sciences’ website is generally possible without providing any personal data. To the extent that personal data (e. g. name, address or e-mail addresses) are collected on our pages, this is always done on a voluntary basis. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent.
Server log files
We automatically collect and store information in so-called server log files, which are text files that record activity on the server. Server logs may include some or all of the following information:
The IP address of the computer making the request (i.e. the visitor)
The identity of the computer (hostname) making the request
The login ID of the visitor
The date and time of the hit
The request method
The location and name of the requested file
The HTTP status code (e.g. file sent successfully, file not found, etc)
The size of the requested file
The web page which referred the hit (e.g. a web page containing a hyperlink which the visitor clicked to get here)
Browser type/ browser version
This information is necessary to enable you to view our website and the services it provides, and to allow you to use the website.
These data cannot be attributed to specific persons and are not combined with other data sources. The processing of this data for the above-mentioned purpose is required in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR for the protection of our legitimate interests, namely the usability of our website.
Server logs list the information exactly as recorded by the server. As this format is not easy to read, Venn might employ log analysers or web statistics tools to interpret log files. We reserve the right to check these data at a later date if we become aware of specific indications of illegal use.
This data are hosted on thirty-party servers.
We will delete this information as soon as it is no longer required for your use of the website.
IP addresses
At this moment it is not fully clear whether IP addresses that are provided without the provision of any other identifiable visitor information (e.g. your name or address) are considered ‘personal data’ under GDPR. To avoid any doubts, we will treat your IP address as if it is personal data even if your visit to our website does not include the provision of any other personal data about you.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. Those are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. Cookies do not damage your computer and contain no viruses. You can set your browser in such a way that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, you can exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and you can activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. When cookies are disabled, the functionality of this website may be limited.
Privacy policy for the use of Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics.
Google Analytics collects data from 3 sources: HTTP requests of the user, browser/system information and first-party cookies (originated from this website).
The HTTP request for any web page contains details about the browser and the computer making the request, such as the hostname, the browser type, referrer, and language. Analytics also sets and reads first-party cookies on your browser (text files stored on your computer) in order to obtain user session and any ad campaign information from the page request.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if you opt-in to the IP anonymization on this website, your Google IP address will be truncated from time to time by Member States of the European Union or other signatory states to the EEA Agreement. Only in exceptional cases the full IP address is transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with further services associated with website and internet use. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Disabling cookies on your Internet browser will stop Google Analytics from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Contact Form
If you send us enquiries by means of the contact form, your data from the enquiry form, including the contact details you provide there, will be saved for the purpose of processing the enquiry and in case of follow-up questions. We process this data exclusively for the purpose of processing your request and do not pass it on to third parties without your consent. We will delete your data as soon as it is no longer required to process your request.
Third-party service providers
We may partner from time to time with support partners and other service providers around the world. Personal information will be made available to these parties only when necessary to fulfil the services they provide to us, such as software, system, and platform support; direct marketing services; cloud hosting services; advertising; and data analytics. Our third-party service providers are not permitted to share or use personal information we make available to them for any other purpose than to provide services to us.
Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website or that of any of our third-party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach being identified by us if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been tampered with or stolen.
Information, deletion, blocking
In accordance with GDPR, you have the right to request information about the data stored with us, to correct incorrect data, and to demand the deletion or the blocking or limitation of the processing of data.
Furthermore, in accordance with Article 21 of the GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your data, provided that the reason for the objection arises from your particular situation and that the data is processed in order to protect one of our interests worthy of protection.
If we process your personal data on the basis of your consent, you can revoke this consent at any time without giving reasons with effect as from the time of such revocation.
If you are of the opinion that we do not process your personal data in accordance with the statutory regulations, you have a right of appeal to a competent supervisory authority in accordance with Art. 77 GDPR.
Contact
If you have any questions in connection with the use of your personal data or if you wish to enforce your rights as described above, you can contact us at the following e-mail address: dpo@vennlife.com
© 2020 Venn Life Sciences All Rights Reserved. Contact Us
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Back to Top
X
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use this site, you give consent for cookies to be used.OkRead More