http://www.cundy.com/privacy-policy
Revised October 30, 2018
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information that CUNDY, Inc. (CUNDY, Inc., we, us, or our) may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website cundy.com (our “Site”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect on or through our Site and from electronic messages between you and our Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by: (i) us offline or through any other means, including through any other website operated by CUNDY, Inc. or any third party; or (ii) any third party (including our affiliates), including through any application or content that may link to or be accessible from our Site.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of a third party site linked on our Site. The inclusion of a link to a third-party website does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or our affiliates. These third-party websites will be governed by different terms of use (including privacy notices) and you are solely responsible for viewing and using each such website in accordance with the applicable terms of use. CUNDY, Inc. is not responsible for how your Personal Information is handled by such third-party websites.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information. By accessing or using our Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site. You may also withdraw your consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy at any time by contacting us.
Information You Provide to Us
The information you provide to us on or through our Site may include:
Information you provide by filling in forms on our Site, including information by which you may be personally identified (Personal Information or data) such as name, social security number, date of birth, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, cookies, usage data, and other data that could directly or indirectly identify you;
Details of transactions you carry out through our Site such as transactions relating to policy coverage, insurance premiums, insurance claims and payment history;
Details of your visits to and usage of our Site.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use Our Site
As you navigate through and interact with our Site, we may collect, through automatic data collection technologies, certain information about your equipment, IP addresses, browsing actions and patterns to improve our Site and deliver a better and more personalized service. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. CUNDY, Inc. uses both “session ID cookies” and “persistent cookies.” CUNDY, Inc. uses session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. If you check “remember me” when logging in to the Site, CUNDY, Inc. also sets a persistent cookie to store your username passwords, so you do not have to enter it more than once. The persistent cookie also enables CUNDY, Inc. to track and target the interests of users to enhance the experience on the Site. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Site.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Site may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit CUNDY, Inc., for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
How We Use Your Information
We may use and process information that we collect about you or that you provide to us for our legitimate business interests, including any personal information or data:
To present our Site and its contents to you;
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us;
To notify you about changes to our Site or any products or services we offer or provide through it;
To fulfill any purpose for which you provide such information;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and CUNDY, Inc.;
For CUNDY, Inc.’s internal business purposes;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
For any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information and other anonymous data to third parties without restriction. We may disclose personal information or data without your permission under the following circumstances:
To third party service providers such as entities providing customer service, email delivery, auditing, hosting our website and other services.
To a medical care institution or medical professional to verify coverage or benefits, to inform you of a medical problem of which you may not be aware or to conduct an audit that would enable us to verify treatment.
To our affiliates, contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business or deliver insurance-related services to you.
To third parties involved with events that you register for, to facilitate your participation in those events.
To fulfill any purpose for which you provide such information.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
To an insurance carrier, agent or credit reporting agency to detect, prevent or prosecute actual or potential criminal activity, fraud, misrepresentation, unauthorized transactions, claims or other liabilities in connection with an insurance transaction.
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use (located here: http://cundy.com/terms-of-use) and other agreements between you and CUNDY, Inc.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of CUNDY, Inc., our affiliates, customers or service providers.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of CUNDY, Inc.’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by CUNDY, Inc. about user of our Site is among the assets transferred.
For any other purpose with your consent.
Promotional Information and Offers
If you do not wish to have your contact information used by CUNDY, Inc. to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may request to be omitted from future e-mail distributions by following the opt-out instructions in the promotional email or by sending us a return e-mail with your request to be omitted from future e-mail distributions.
Correction of Personal Information
You may request correction or destruction of any of your personal information or data maintained by us to the extent that any such request would not violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Data Security
We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration of personal information under our control, including physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that meet or exceed applicable federal and state standards. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of Personal Information or data is at your own risk.
Data Retention
CUNDY, Inc. will retain and use your personal information or data no longer than is necessary for the purposes outline in this Privacy Policy, or as required to comply with our legal obligations under HIPAA or other applicable laws. CUNDY, Inc. may also retain and use your personal information and data to the extent needs to resolve disputes and enforce legal agreements.
Processing Personal Data under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
CUNDY, Inc. is a United States based corporation with its principal place of business at Address, City, Zip. CUNDY, Inc.’s Site is managed and operated solely on servers within the United States. Accordingly, CUNDY, Inc. does not purposely avail itself of the European Economic Area (EEA). However, if you reside in the EEA, CUNDY, Inc. may be a data controller of all personal data collected on our Site. The personal data of any individual who resides outside of the United States provided to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States. Our Privacy Policy above describes which “Information We Collect Automatically When You Use Our Site,” “How We Use Your Information,” and our policies on “Disclosure of Your Information.”
Data Subject Rights under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, as a resident of the EEA, you have certain rights in relation to your personal information.
Right to Access: You have the right to obtain information on what personal data of yours the data controller is being processed, for what purpose the data is being disclosed, to whom it has been or will be disclosed, and how long the data will be store.
Right to Rectify: You have the right to request the data controller rectify inaccurate personal data.
Right to Erase: You have the right to request the data controller erase your personal data where the data is no longer necessary, you have withdrawn your consent to processing, or in other circumstances as outline in Article 17 of GDPR.
Right to Restrict: You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data.
Right to Data Portability: You have a right to receive your personal data and transmit those data to another controller.
Right to Object: You have a right to object at any time to processing of your personal data.
Right to Object to Automated Decision-Making: If utilized, you have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal information requested to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance, if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make every reasonable effort to honor your request promptly or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfil your request. We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would
impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.
If you want to exercise any of the rights outlined above, please contact us. For more information on the General Data Protection Regulation, see more resources at https://gdpr-info.eu and http://gdprandyou.ie.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information through our Site. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on our Site or on or through any of its features. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13; however, if we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. Please contact us if you believe we might have personal information about a child under age 13.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes we make will be posted on our Site, and we will revise the version date located at the top of this page. It is our policy to post any changes we make to this policy on this page with a notice that the policy has been updated on our Site home page. All changes to this Privacy Policy become effective when posted and your continued use of our Site after we post such changes is deemed to be an acceptance of those changes. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Site and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To make any request permitted by this Privacy Policy, ask questions, or comment about this Privacy Policy, contact us at: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..