https://www.nes1.com/textmessagetermsandconditions/
Press "Enter" to skip to content
Text Messaging Service Agreement
Text Messaging Service Agreement
Terms and Conditions
This is a communication from a debt
collector. This is an attempt to collect a debt and any information obtained
will be used for that purpose.
For residents of Hawaii and Vermont, this is an attempt to collect a claim and any information obtained will be used for that purpose.
National Enterprise Systems, Inc., is a licensed collection agency. For purposes of this agreement and text message communications we may refer to our company as NES.
By subscribing to National
Enterprise System‘s Text Message Service you agree to the following Terms and
Conditions:
Mobile Phone Ownership and Mobile Number: When
you subscribe to National Enterprise Systems, Inc.’s text message service you
are confirming the mobile phone number you use to subscribe is the mobile
number associated with your mobile phone. You and no other person will use this
mobile phone to communicate with National Enterprise Systems, Inc. about your
account(s). Throughout this agreement the word “you” includes the person
associated with the mobile phone and mobile number you use to subscribe to this
text message service.
Agreement:
This Terms and Conditions document is an agreement between you and National
Enterprise Systems, Inc. which explains some of your important rights under the
law, how the text message service works, how text fees and data rates may
apply, how you may access information, when we may initiate text messages to
the mobile phone number you used to subscribe, your agreement to receive text
messages and other important features associated with the text message service.
To agree to these Terms and Conditions text YES to National Enterprise Systems,
Inc.’s short code 49725.
If you delete your text messaging history from your mobile phone you may lose information about this text message service. To retrieve the Terms and Conditions you can go to https://www.nes1.com/TextMessageTermsandConditions/
Voluntary
Participation: National Enterprise Systems, Inc. is a third-party debt
collector and offers this text message service to you in connection with the
collection of debt. This is a voluntary service you may start or stop at any
time.
Purpose: The purpose of this text
message service is to allow you to obtain information about your account(s)
associated with this mobile phone number by texting key words to National
Enterprise Systems, Inc. The key words and their definitions appear below. The
purpose is also to allow National Enterprise Systems, Inc. to send certain
kinds of text messages to you using the mobile phone number you use to
subscribe.
Accounts Subscribed: This text message service allows
you and this National Enterprise Systems, Inc. to communicate about any
accounts associated with the mobile phone number you use to subscribe and
placed with us for collection now or in the future (Accounts Subscribed).
Accounts Subscribed placed with us for collection by more than one business may
be excluded from this text message service and Accounts Subscribed placed with
us that are closed, inactive, subject to a cease communication or otherwise
prohibited from collection activity will be excluded from this text message
service.
Consent: By subscribing to this text message service, you consent to participate in National Enterprise Systems, Inc.’s text message service and understand and agree:
National Enterprise Systems, Inc. may send
limited types of text messages to you about Account(s) Subscribed to this
service as described below in Company Initiated Text Message Service; You may obtain information about your Account(s)
Subscribed by texting key words to National Enterprise Systems, Inc.; When you text a Key Word to a short code you
consent to receive an immediate, automated text message response to be sent to
you from National Enterprise Systems, Inc.’s automated, text message service
regardless of the time of day, day of week or frequency of the communications;
andText messages sent to you by National Enterprise
Systems, Inc. may appear on the face of your mobile phone or device and you
will manage the settings associated with how text messages are displayed on
your phone or device to protect your confidential information.
Text Message Service Termination Process:
National Enterprise Systems, Inc. and its agents do not have the ability to unsubscribe you from this text message service without your participation. To terminate participation or unsubscribe from [Company Name]’s text message service, you need to text the word ALTO, STOP, STOP!, STOPNOW, STOPALL, END, QUIT, QUITNOW, CANCEL, CANCELAR, NOMO, UNSUBSCRIBE, REMOVE, OPTOUT, PARA, PARAR, PARE, or ARRET to [Company Names]’s text number. Unsubscribing from [Company Name] ‘s text message service will not revoke or cancel other types of permissions you have granted
National Enterprise Systems, Inc. using the mobile number you use to subscribe to this text message service.
By enrolling in
this text message service, you consent that following such a request to
unsubscribe, you will receive a one-time text message from National Enterprise
Systems, Inc. confirming your removal from National Enterprise Systems, Inc.’s
text message service. Following such confirmation
message, no additional text messages will be sent unless you voluntarily
subscribe again to this text message service.
If you deactivate
the mobile number you used to subscribe to National Enterprise Systems, Inc.’s
text message service, National Enterprise Systems, Inc. will unsubscribe you
from its text message service and send you a one-time text message confirming
your removal from National Enterprise Systems, Inc.’s text message service.
Following such confirmation message, no additional text messages will be sent
unless you voluntarily subscribe again to this text message service.
REMEMBER EACH TEXT RESPONSE FROM National
Enterprise Systems, Inc. IS A COMMUNICATION FROM A DEBT COLLECTOR AND ANY
INFORMATION OBTAINED WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE.
Unless described
above, National Enterprise Systems, Inc. will not initiate text messages to you
using the mobile phone number you use to subscribe to this text message
service.
Costs and
Charges: National Enterprise Systems, Inc. does not have a separate charge
for this text message service; however, message and data rates may
apply from your mobile phone carrier. Subject to the terms and
conditions of your mobile phone carrier, you may receive text messages sent to
your mobile phone. Participation in this text message service is standard rated
(no premium content).
By providing your
consent to participate in this text message service, you approve any such
charges from your mobile phone carrier. Charges for text messages may appear on
your mobile phone bill or be deducted from your prepaid balance.
Your Privacy: National
Enterprise Systems, Inc. is committed to building user trust and confidence by
promoting and complying with the use of business practices that help protect
the privacy of the consumer and their data.
National
Enterprise Systems, Inc.’s Right to Terminate: National Enterprise Systems,
Inc. reserves the right to terminate this text message service, in whole or in
part, at any time without notice. The information in any message may be subject
to certain time lags and/or delays.
National Enterprise Systems, Inc.’s Right
to Limit Key Word Requests: Communicating with you is important to National
Enterprise Systems, Inc.. To maintain accuracy in our responses to your key
word requests, National Enterprise Systems, Inc. reserves the right to block
key word requests we receive from you and to which our records show we have
responded. If at any time you believe your key word requests have been blocked
in error, please contact us at 800-973-0600.
United States
Participating Carriers Include:
ACS/Alaska, Alltel, AT&T, Bluegrass Mobile, Boost,
Mobile com, Mobile one Nation, Mobileular One of East Central Illinois,
Mobileular South, Centennial, Chariton Valley Mobileular, Cincinnati Bell, Cox
Communications, Cricket, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, Element Mobile, GCI, Golden
State Mobileular, Illinois Valley Mobileular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland
Mobileular, iWireless, Metro PCS, Nex-Tech Wireless, nTelos, Plateau Wireless,
South Canaan, Sprint, T-Mobile, Thumb Mobileular, United Wireless, US
Mobileular, Verizon Wireless, Viaero Wireless, Virgin, WCC. Additional carriers
may be added.
Canada Participating
Carriers Include:
Aliant Mobility, Bell Mobility, Fido, MTS, NorthernTel
Mobility, Rogers Wireless, SaskTel Mobility, Télébec Mobilité, TELUS Mobility,
Vidéotron, Virgin Mobile Canada, WIND Mobile. Additional carriers may be added.
Sidebar
Recent Posts
Employment Trends in the Debt Collection Industry
Common Myths About Paying Bills Online
Current Opportunities
at NES
Features and Benefits of Working at NES
Apply NowFor Collections Position
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+
Keyboard navigation
Readable Font
Contrast
Choose color
black
white
green
blue
red
orange
yellow
navi
Underline links
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Images Greyscale
Invert Colors
Remove Animations
Remove styles
Lights Off
Close
About NES
Blog
California Consumer Privacy Act Inquiry Form
Careers
Clients
Contact
Disclaimer
Feedback
Home Page
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for California Residents
State and Federal Disclosures
Text Messaging Service Agreement
Upload