http://www.smythco.com/support/privacy
Health, Safety, and Success during COVID-19: Read More
Smyth Companies
Privacy Policy
Smyth knows that you care how information about you is used. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting www.smythco.com, you are accepting the practices described in this notice.
What kind of information does the Smyth web site gather?
The information we learn from visitors helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at our website. For example, we use page tracking statistics to help us determine which information is most relevant to visitors. Here are examples of the types of information we gather:
Information you give us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website, or give us in any other way. You can of course decline to provide this information when asked, but this may prevent you from receiving more customized communications from Smyth.
Automatic information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit the website. For example, like many websites, we use “cookies” to obtain information whenever your browser navigates to pages within smythco.com.
E-mail communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive confirmation when you open emails from smythco.com, if your computer supports such capabilities.
Smyth knows that you care how information about you is used. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting www.smythco.com, you are accepting the practices described in this notice.
What about cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser in order to allow our systems to recognize your browser. The “Help” area of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, and have the browser notify you when you have received a new cookie and how to delete it.
Markets Served | Products | Specialty Services |
Careers | About Us | Contact Us
Markets Served
Food
Beverage
Health & Beauty
Personal Care
Household
Automotive
Craft Beer
Specialty Services
Automation Services
Label Management
Design & Prepress
Tube Labeling
Careers
Products
Pressure Sensitive
Cut & Stack
Shrink Sleeve
IML
Commercial
Promotional
Flexible Packaging
Automation Equipment
About Us
Who We Are
Social Responsibility
News
Contact Us
General Contact
Locations
Request A Quote
Smyth Companies, LLC
1085 Snelling Ave. North
St. Paul, MN 55108
800.473.3464
info@smythco.com
Connect with Smyth
Español | Graphic Specs | FTP Guide | Privacy | Terms of Sale | Home Page
©2020 Smyth Companies, LLC St. Paul, MN - All Rights Reserved