http://www.century-bank.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content Download Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view PDF files.
Menu
Close Online Banking LoginMobile SearchSearch Terms: Submit Search
Personal
Banking
Checking
Savings
Online & Mobile Banking
Fraud Protection
Borrowing
Mortgages
First Time Home Buyer
Home Equity Lines & Loans
Mass Save Heat Loan
Credit Cards
Additional Financing
Business
Banking
Checking
Savings
Online & Mobile Banking
Fraud Protection
Borrowing
Commercial Financing
Lines of Credit
SBA Loans
Credit Cards
Term Loan
Cash Reserve
PPP Loan Forgiveness
Cash Management
Lockbox
ACH
Wire Transfers
Merchant Services
Remote Deposit
Payroll
Payment Cards
Other Business Services
Government & Not-for-Profit Banking
Government Banking
Not-for-Profit Banking
Wealth & Investing
Personal Investing
Business Investing
Wealth Management
Our Insights
About Us
Learn About Us
Our History
Careers
Press Releases
Investor Relations
Find a Branch or ATM
Contact Us
Accessibility
Available when representatives are online.
Disclosures & Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
Rev. 3/19
FACTS
WHAT DOES CENTURY BANK DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number
Credit scores
Payment history
Overdraft history
Credit history
Wire transfer instructions
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reason Century Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Century Bank Share?
Can You Limit This Sharing?
For our everyday business purposes
– such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes
– to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes
– information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes
– information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call 866-823-6887 or
Ask Century® live chat
What We Do
How does Century Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Century Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Apply for a loan
Give us your contact information
Seek financial or tax advice
Make a wire transfer
Seek advice about your investments
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Century Bank does not share with our affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Century Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include credit card companies and direct marketing companies.
Personal Fee Schedule
Effective 7/1/2020
SERVICE
RELATED FEE
Abandoned Property (Per Account) Either physical property or a Bank account that has had no ownership claim or activity in over 3 years. The Bank forwards the proceeds from these accounts to the State Treasurer's office annually.
$50.00
Debit Card Replacement
No Charge
Two-day Replacement
$25.00
Debit Card Transactions at:1
Non-Century ATM (Each)
$1.00
Point-of-Sale (POS) Transactions
No Charge
MasterCard® International Assessment Fee
1% of the US Dollar
Check Printing
Varies
Collection Items
Coupon (Per Envelope)
$20.00
Incoming/Outgoing ($30 Minimum - $100 Maximum)
1% of Item
Returned Coupon
$25.00
Court Order Attachments
Summons/Subpoena
Varies
Credit Reference
$10.00
Foreign Currency Exchange
Exchange
$7.50
Foreign Drafts
$25.00
Foreign Draft Cancellations
$35.00
Individual Retirement Account
Annual Plan Fee
$15.00
Outgoing Transfer (Each)
$30.00
Money Market & Savings Excess Activity Fee (Per transaction over 6)2
$25.00
Money Order5 (Each) ($1,000 Maximum)
$5.00
Dormant  (Per Month) Applies to Non-CD Public Assistance2,4
$3.00
Overdraft/Insufficient Funds3 - Per Item Paid /Returned
$36.00
Overdraft Line of Credit Annual Fee
$25.00
Processing of Levies
$100.00
Public Assistance - Check Encashment (Per Check)
$0.50
Returned Statement – Bad Address
$5.00
Research
Copy of Statement
$6.00
Special Cut-Off Statement
$6.00
Loan History (Per Year)
$20.00
Copy of Checks, Transaction Slips, Money Order or Deposited Item
$6.00
Special Project (Hourly Rate, Minimum One Hour)
$40.00
Returned Deposited Item
$7.50
Safe Deposit Boxes
Annual Rental Fee
Varies
Drilling
$175.00
Key Replacement
$95.00
Late Payment
$15.00
Stop Payment  (Per Item)
$28.00
Treasurer's Check5 (Each)
$6.00
Trust Review6
$100.00
Wire Transfers
Incoming (Each)
$10.00
Telephone Advice (Each)
$5.00
International
$15.00
Outgoing Wire Transfers:
Domestic (Each)
$20.00
International (In US Dollars)
$35.00
Outgoing Foreign (In Foreign Currency)
$30.00
Repetitive (Each)
$15.00
ACCOUNT INFORMATION
Monthly Maintenance Fee
Platinum Checking Account
$20.00
Gold Checking Account
$15.00
Money Market Account
$12.00
Monthly Paper Statement Fee
Silver Checking Account
$3.99
Silver 18/65 Checking Account
$3.99
Bronze Checking Account
$3.99
Monthly Check Writing Fee
Bronze Checking Account (First 5 Free)
$0.50
1Century Bank is a member of the SUMSM Program. Any ATM with a SUM logo is surcharge free. Other banks may impose a surcharge for use of their ATM. The SUM Program is administered by and is a registered service mark of the NYCE Corporation. Century Bank will impose the non-Century Bank ATM fee for each transaction over the account fee free limit. Please refer to the Important Personal Account Information For Our Customers, CenturyBank.com or contact a Customer Service Representative for more information on your account limit. 2 No charge for 18/65 account. 3 An 18/65 account is charged $5.00 per item. We authorize and pay overdrafts for the following types of transactions: Checks and other transactions made using your checking account number, automatic bill payments, internet banking including online bill payments and transfer requests made via ACCOUNTLINE. Century Bank does not pay personal ATM as well as everyday Debit Card transactions that may overdraw your account unless you tell us to. 4 Dormant is defined as no transaction activity for 24 months by the account owners(s). 5 No charge for Platinum Checking account. 6 This is a one-time service fee.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF YOUR ACCOUNT Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New Account Agreement Liability Deposits Withdrawals Funds Availability A Temporary Debit Authorization Hold Affects Your Account Balance Payment Order of Items Chapter 167D Accounts Ownership of Account and Beneficiary Designation Stop Payments Telephone Transfers Amendments and Termination Notices Temporary Account Agreement Statements Account Transfer Direct Deposits Setoff Authorized Signer Restrictive Legends or Indorsements Credit Verification Check Processing Check Cashing Telephonic Instructions Monitoring and Recording Telephone Calls and Consent to Receive Communications Claim of Loss Early Withdrawal Penalties Resolving Account Disputes Waiver of Notices ACH and Wire Transfers Funds Transfers Facsimile Signatures Power of Attorney Stale-Dated Checks Indorsements Unclaimed Property Death or Incompetence UTMA Accounts Fiduciary Accounts Backup Withholding/TIN Certification Changing Account Products Legal Actions Affecting Your Account Account Security Address or Name Changes NOTICE OF NEGATIVE INFORMATION ELECTRONIC FUND TRANSFERS YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES YOUR ABILITY TO WITHDRAW FUNDS SUBSTITUTE CHECKS AND YOUR RIGHTS TRUTH-IN-SAVINGS DISCLOSURE Platinum Checking Gold Checking Silver Checking/Silver 18-65 Checking Bronze Checking Savings/Savings 18-65 Super Savings Money Market Certificate Of Deposit/IRA IRA Savings Common Fees
___________________________
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF YOUR ACCOUNT
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT - To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account.
What this means for you: When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents.
AGREEMENT - This document, along with any other documents we give you pertaining to your account(s), is a contract that establishes rules which control your account(s) with us. Please read this carefully and retain it for future reference. If you sign the signature card or open or continue to use the account, you agree to these rules. You will receive a separate schedule of rates, qualifying balances, and fees if they are not included in this document. If you have any questions, please call us.
This agreement is subject to applicable federal laws, the laws of the state of Massachusetts and other applicable rules such as the operating letters of the Federal Reserve Banks and payment processing system rules (except to the extent that this agreement can and does vary such rules or laws). The body of state and federal law that governs our relationship with you, however, is too large and complex to be reproduced here. The purpose of this document is to:
summarize some laws that apply to common transactions;
establish rules to cover transactions or events which the law does not regulate;
establish rules for certain transactions or events which the law regulates but permits variation by agreement; and
give you disclosures of some of our policies to which you may be entitled or in which you may be interested.
If any provision of this document is found to be unenforceable according to its terms, all remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. We may permit some variations from our standard agreement, but we must agree to any variation in writing either on the signature card for your account or in some other document. Nothing in this document is intended to vary our duty to act in good faith and with ordinary care when required by law.
As used in this document the words "we," "our," and "us" mean the financial institution and the words "you" and "your" mean the account holder(s) and anyone else with the authority to deposit, withdraw, or exercise control over the funds in the account. However, this agreement does not intend, and the terms "you" and "your" should not be interpreted, to expand an individual's responsibility for an organization's liability. If this account is owned by a corporation, partnership or other organization, individual liability is determined by the laws generally applicable to that type of organization. The headings in this document are for convenience or reference only and will not govern the interpretation of the provisions. Unless it would be inconsistent to do so, words and phrases used in this document should be construed so the singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular.
LIABILITY - You agree, for yourself (and the person or entity you represent if you sign as a representative of another) to the terms of this account and the schedule of charges. You authorize us to deduct these charges, without notice to you, directly from the account balance as accrued. You will pay any additional reasonable charges for services you request which are not covered by this agreement.
Each of you also agrees to be jointly and severally (individually) liable for any account shortage resulting from charges or overdrafts, whether caused by you or another with access to this account. This liability is due immediately, and we can deduct any amounts deposited into the account and apply those amounts to the shortage. You have no right to defer payment of this liability, and you are liable regardless of whether you signed the item or benefited from the charge or overdraft.
You will be liable for our costs as well as for our reasonable attorneys' fees, to the extent permitted by law, whether incurred as a result of collection or in any other dispute involving your account. This includes, but is not limited to, disputes between you and another joint owner; you and an authorized signer or similar party; or a third party claiming an interest in your account. This also includes any action that you or a third party takes regarding the account that causes us, in good faith, to seek the advice of an attorney, whether or not we become involved in the dispute. All costs and attorneys' fees can be deducted from your account when they are incurred, without notice to you.
DEPOSITS - We will give only provisional credit until collection is final for any items, other than cash, we accept for deposit (including items drawn "on us"). Before settlement of any item becomes final, we act only as your agent, regardless of the form of indorsement or lack of indorsement on the item and even though we provide you provisional credit for the item. We may reverse any provisional credit for items that are lost, stolen, or returned. Unless prohibited by law, we also reserve the right to charge back to your account the amount of any item deposited to your account or cashed for you which was initially paid by the payor bank and which is later returned to us due to an allegedly forged, unauthorized or missing indorsement, claim of alteration, encoding error, counterfeit cashier's check or other problem which in our judgment justifies reversal of credit. You authorize us to attempt to collect previously returned items without giving you notice, and in attempting to collect we may permit the payor bank to hold an item beyond the midnight deadline. Actual credit for deposits of, or payable in, foreign currency will be at the exchange rate in effect on final collection in U.S. dollars. We are not responsible for transactions by mail or outside depository until we actually record them. We will treat and record all transactions received after our "daily cutoff time" on a business day we are open, or received on a day we are not open for business, as if initiated on the next business day that we are open. At our option, we may take an item for collection rather than for deposit. If we accept a third-party check or draft for deposit, we may require any third-party indorsers to verify or guarantee their indorsements, or indorse in our presence.
WITHDRAWALS -
Generally - Unless clearly indicated otherwise on the account records, any of you, acting alone, who signs to open the account or has authority to make withdrawals may withdraw or transfer all or any part of the account balance at any time. Each of you (until we receive written notice to the contrary) authorizes each other person who signs or has authority to make withdrawals to indorse any item payable to you or your order for deposit to this account or any other transaction with us.
Postdated checks - A postdated check is one which bears a date later than the date on which the check is written. We may properly pay and charge your account for a postdated check even though payment was made before the date of the check, unless we have received written notice of the postdating in time to have a reasonable opportunity to act. Because we process checks mechanically, your notice will not be effective and we will not be liable for failing to honor your notice unless it precisely identifies the number, date, amount and payee of the item.
Checks and withdrawal rules - If you do not purchase your check blanks from us, you must be certain that we approve the check blanks you purchase. We may refuse any withdrawal or transfer request which you attempt on forms not approved by us or by any method we do not specifically permit. We may refuse any withdrawal or transfer request which is greater in number than the frequency permitted, or which is for an amount greater or less than any withdrawal limitations. We will use the date the transaction is completed by us (as opposed to the date you initiate it) to apply the frequency limitations. In addition, we may place limitations on the account until your identity is verified.
Even if we honor a nonconforming request, we are not required to do so later. If you violate the stated transaction limitations (if any), in our discretion we may close your account or reclassify it as a transaction account. If we reclassify your account, your account will be subject to the fees and earnings rules of the new account classification.
If we are presented with an item drawn against your account that would be a "substitute check," as defined by law, but for an error or defect in the item introduced in the substitute check creation process, you agree that we may pay such item.
Cash withdrawals - We recommend you take care when making large cash withdrawals because carrying large amounts of cash may pose a danger to your personal safety. As an alternative to making a large cash withdrawal, you may want to consider a cashier's check or similar instrument. You assume full responsibility of any loss in the event the cash you withdraw is lost, stolen, or destroyed. You agree to hold us harmless from any loss you incur as a result of your decision to withdraw funds in the form of cash.
Multiple signatures, electronic check conversion, and similar transactions - An electronic check conversion transaction is a transaction where a check or similar item is converted into an electronic fund transfer as defined in the Electronic Fund Transfers regulation. In these types of transactions the check or similar item is either removed from circulation (truncated) or given back to you. As a result, we have no opportunity to review the signatures or otherwise examine the original check or item. You agree that, as to these or any items as to which we have no opportunity to examine the signatures, you waive any requirement of multiple signatures.
Notice of withdrawal - We reserve the right to require not less than 7 days' notice in writing before each withdrawal from an interest-bearing account other than a time deposit or demand deposit, or from any other savings account as defined by Regulation D. (The law requires us to reserve this right, but it is not our general policy to use it.) Withdrawals from a time account prior to maturity or prior to any notice period may be restricted and may be subject to penalty. See your notice of penalty for early withdrawal.
FUNDS AVAILABILITY - Knowing when funds you deposit into your checking account will be made available for withdrawal is another important concept that can help you avoid being assessed fees or charges. Please see our funds availability disclosure for information on when different types of deposits will be made available for withdrawal. For those accounts to which our funds availability policy disclosure does not apply, you can ask us when you make a deposit when those funds will be available for withdrawal. An item may be returned after the funds from the deposit of that item are made available for withdrawal. In that case, we will reverse the credit of the item. We may determine the amount of available funds in your account for the purpose of deciding whether to return an item for insufficient funds at any time between the times we receive the item and when we return the item or send a notice in lieu of return. We need only make one determination, but if we choose to make a subsequent determination, the account balance at the subsequent time will determine whether there are insufficient available funds.
A TEMPORARY DEBIT AUTHORIZATION HOLD AFFECTS YOUR ACCOUNT BALANCE - On debit card purchases, merchants may request a temporary hold on your account for a specified sum of money when the merchant does not know the exact amount of the purchase at the time the card is authorized. The amount of the temporary hold may be more than the actual amount of your purchase. Some common transactions where this occurs involve purchases of gasoline, hotel rooms, or meals at restaurants. When this happens, our processing system cannot determine that the amount of the hold exceeds the actual amount of your purchase. This temporary hold, and the amount charged to your account, will eventually be adjusted to the actual amount of your purchase, but it could be three calendar days, or even longer in some cases, before the adjustment is made. Until the adjustment is made, the amount of funds in your account available for other transactions will be reduced by the amount of the temporary hold. If another transaction is presented for payment in an amount greater than the funds left after the deduction of the temporary hold amount, you will be charged an NSF or overdraft fee according to our NSF or overdraft fee policy. You will be charged the fee even if you would have had sufficient funds in your account if the amount of the hold had been equal to the amount of your purchase.
PAYMENT ORDER OF ITEMS - The order in which items are paid is important if there is not enough money in your account to pay all of the items that are presented. The payment order can affect the number of items overdrawn or returned unpaid and the amount of the fees you may have to pay. To assist you in managing your account, we are providing you with the following information regarding how we process those items.
Our policy is to process electronic transactions first, (electronic fund transfers, preauthorized debits, debit card transactions, ATM transactions or other withdrawal), on the day they are processed. We process checks second, in numerical order (lower numbers first) on the day they are processed.
If a check, item or transaction is presented without sufficient funds in your account to pay it, you will be charged an NSF or overdraft fee according to our NSF or overdraft fee policy. We will not charge you a fee for paying an overdraft of an ATM or one-time debit card transaction if this is a consumer account and you have not opted-in to that service. The amounts of the overdraft and NSF fees are disclosed elsewhere, as are your rights to opt in to overdraft services for ATM and one-time debit card transactions, if applicable. We encourage you to make careful records and practice good account management. This will help you to avoid creating items without sufficient funds and potentially incurring the resulting fees.
CHAPTER 167D ACCOUNTS - Except as indicated below, we do not intend to subject your account to (i) a service, maintenance or similar charge, (ii) a minimum balance requirement, (iii) a charge for a check, deposit or withdrawal, or (iv) a fee for the initial order or subsequent refills of the basic line of checks offered by us if you qualify for the minor or senior citizen fee exemption under Chapter 167D of Massachusetts General Laws. You should notify us if you or your spouse qualify so that we may administer your account accordingly. Despite this exemption, we may assess a fee for certain services in accordance with our published service charge schedule, including stop payment orders, wire transfers, money orders and deposit items returned, transactions at electronic branches and through other electronic devices, and services not directly associated with the deposit, withdrawal or transfer of funds from any such account; and we may assess you a reasonable charge when payment has been refused because of insufficient funds on any check or other transaction on the account (as permitted by law).
OWNERSHIP OF ACCOUNT AND BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION - These rules apply to this account depending on the form of ownership and beneficiary designation, if any, specified on the account records. We make no representations as to the appropriateness or effect of the ownership and beneficiary designations, except as they determine to whom we pay the account funds.
Individual Account - is an account in the name of one person.
Joint Account - With Survivorship (And Not As Tenants In Common) - is an account in the name of two or more persons. Each of you intend that when you die the balance in the account (subject to any previous pledge to which we have agreed) will belong to the survivor(s). If two or more of you survive, you will own the balance in the account as joint tenants with survivorship and not as tenants in common.
Joint Account - No Survivorship (As Tenants In Common) - This is owned by two or more persons, but none of you intend (merely by opening this account) to create any right of survivorship in any other person. We encourage you to agree and tell us in writing of the percentage of the deposit contributed by each of you. This information will not, however, affect the number of signatures necessary for withdrawal.
STOP PAYMENTS - Unless otherwise provided, the rules in this section cover stopping payment of items such as checks and drafts. Rules for stopping payment of other types of transfers of funds, such as consumer electronic fund transfers, may be established by law or our policy. If we have not disclosed these rules to you elsewhere, you may ask us about those rules.
We may accept an order to stop payment on any item from any one of you. You must make any stop-payment order in the manner required by law and we must receive it in time to give us a reasonable opportunity to act on it before our stop-payment cutoff time. Because stop-payment orders are handled by computers, to be effective, your stop-payment order must precisely identify the number, date, and amount of the item, and the payee. You may stop payment on any item drawn on your account whether you sign the item or not. Generally, if your stop-payment order is given to us in writing it is effective for six months. Your order will lapse after that time if you do not renew the order in writing before the end of the six-month period. If the original stop-payment order was oral your stop-payment order will lapse after 14 calendar days if you do not confirm your order in writing within that time period. We are not obligated to notify you when a stop-payment order expires.
If you stop payment on an item and we incur any damages or expenses because of the stop payment, you agree to indemnify us for those damages or expenses, including attorneys' fees. You assign to us all rights against the payee or any other holder of the item. You agree to cooperate with us in any legal actions that we may take against such persons. You should be aware that anyone holding the item may be entitled to enforce payment against you despite the stop-payment order.
TELEPHONE TRANSFERS - A telephone transfer of funds from this account to another account with us, if otherwise arranged for or permitted, may be made by the same persons and under the same conditions generally applicable to withdrawals made in writing. Limitations on the number of telephonic transfers from a savings account are described elsewhere.
AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION - We may change any term of this agreement. Rules governing changes in interest rates are provided separately in the Truth-in-Savings disclosure or in another document. For other changes, we will give you reasonable notice in writing or by any other method permitted by law. We may also close this account at any time upon reasonable notice to you and tender of the account balance personally or by mail. Items presented for payment after the account is closed may be dishonored. When you close your account, you are responsible for leaving enough money in the account to cover any outstanding items to be paid from the account. Reasonable notice depends on the circumstances, and in some cases such as when we cannot verify your identity or we suspect fraud, it might be reasonable for us to give you notice after the change or account closure becomes effective. For instance, if we suspect fraudulent activity with respect to your account, we might immediately freeze or close your account and then give you notice. If we have notified you of a change in any term of your account and you continue to have your account after the effective date of the change, you have agreed to the new term(s).
NOTICES - Any written notice you give us is effective when we actually receive it, and it must be given to us according to the specific delivery instructions provided elsewhere, if any. We must receive it in time to have a reasonable opportunity to act on it. If the notice is regarding a check or other item, you must give us sufficient information to be able to identify the check or item, including the precise check or item number, amount, date and payee. Written notice we give you is effective when it is deposited in the United States Mail with proper postage and addressed to your mailing address we have on file. Notice to any of you is notice to all of you.
TEMPORARY ACCOUNT AGREEMENT - If the account documentation indicates that this is a temporary account agreement, each person who signs to open the account or has authority to make withdrawals (except as indicated to the contrary) may transact business on this account. However, we may at some time in the future restrict or prohibit further use of this account if you fail to comply with the requirements we have imposed within a reasonable time.
STATEMENTS - Your duty to report unauthorized signatures, alterations and forgeries - You must examine your statement of account with "reasonable promptness." If you discover (or reasonably should have discovered) any unauthorized signatures or alterations, you must promptly notify us of the relevant facts. As between you and us, if you fail to do either of these duties, you will have to either share the loss with us, or bear the loss entirely yourself (depending on whether we used ordinary care and, if not, whether we substantially contributed to the loss). The loss could be not only with respect to items on the statement but other items with unauthorized signatures or alterations by the same wrongdoer.
You agree that the time you have to examine your statement and report to us will depend on the circumstances, but will not, in any circumstance, exceed a total of 30 days from when the statement is first sent or made available to you.
You further agree that if you fail to report any unauthorized signatures, alterations or forgeries in your account within 60 days of when we first send or make the statement available, you cannot assert a claim against us on any items in that statement, and as between you and us the loss will be entirely yours. This 60-day limitation is without regard to whether we used ordinary care. The limitation in this paragraph is in addition to that contained in the first paragraph of this section.
Your duty to report other errors or problems - In addition to your duty to review your statements for unauthorized signatures, alterations and forgeries, you agree to examine your statement with reasonable promptness for any other error or problem - such as an encoding error or an unexpected deposit amount. Also, if you receive or we make available either your items or images of your items, you must examine them for any unauthorized or missing indorsements or any other problems. You agree that the time you have to examine your statement and items and report to us will depend on the circumstances. However, this time period shall not exceed 60 days. Failure to examine your statement and items and report any errors to us within 60 days of when we first send or make the statement available precludes you from asserting a claim against us for any errors on items identified in that statement and as between you and us the loss will be entirely yours.
Errors relating to electronic fund transfers or substitute checks - For information on errors relating to electronic fund transfers (e.g., on-line, mobile, debit card or ATM transactions) refer to your Electronic Fund Transfers disclosure and the sections on consumer liability and error resolution. For information on errors relating to a substitute check you received, refer to your disclosure entitled Substitute Checks and Your Rights.
Duty to notify if statement not received - You agree to immediately notify us if you do not receive your statement by the date you normally expect to receive it. Not receiving your statement in a timely manner is a sign that there may be an issue with your account, such as possible fraud or identity theft.
ACCOUNT TRANSFER - This account may not be transferred or assigned without our prior written consent.
DIRECT DEPOSITS - If we are required for any reason to reimburse the federal government for all or any portion of a benefit payment that was directly deposited into your account, you authorize us to deduct the amount of our liability to the federal government from the account or from any other account you have with us, without prior notice and at any time, except as prohibited by law. We may also use any other legal remedy to recover the amount of our liability.
SETOFF - We may (without prior notice and when permitted by law) set off the funds in this account against any due and payable debt any of you owe us now or in the future. If this account is owned by one or more of you as individuals, we may set off any funds in the account against a due and payable debt a partnership owes us now or in the future, to the extent of your liability as a partner for the partnership debt. If your debt arises from a promissory note, then the amount of the due and payable debt will be the full amount we have demanded, as entitled under the terms of the note, and this amount may include any portion of the balance for which we have properly accelerated the due date.
This right of setoff does not apply to this account if prohibited by law. For example, the right of setoff does not apply to this account if: (a) it is an Individual Retirement Account or similar tax-deferred account, or (b) the debt is created by a consumer credit transaction under a credit card plan (but this does not affect our rights under any consensual security interest), or (c) the debtor's right of withdrawal only arises in a representative capacity. We will not be liable for the dishonor of any check when the dishonor occurs because we set off a debt against this account. You agree to hold us harmless from any claim arising as a result of our exercise of our right of setoff.
AUTHORIZED SIGNER (Individual Accounts only) - A single individual is the owner. The authorized signer is merely designated to conduct transactions on the owner's behalf. The owner does not give up any rights to act on the account, and the authorized signer may not in any manner affect the rights of the owner or beneficiaries, if any, other than by withdrawing funds from the account. The owner is responsible for any transactions of the authorized signer. We undertake no obligation to monitor transactions to determine that they are on the owner's behalf.
The owner may terminate the authorization at any time, and the authorization is automatically terminated by the death of the owner. However, we may continue to honor the transactions of the authorized signer until: (a) we have received written notice or have actual knowledge of the termination of authority, and (b) we have a reasonable opportunity to act on that notice or knowledge. We may refuse to accept the designation of an authorized signer.
RESTRICTIVE LEGENDS OR INDORSEMENTS - The automated processing of the large volume of checks we receive prevents us from inspecting or looking for restrictive legends, restrictive indorsements or other special instructions on every check. For this reason, we are not required to honor any restrictive legend or indorsement or other special instruction placed on checks you write unless we have agreed in writing to the restriction or instruction. Unless we have agreed in writing, we are not responsible for any losses, claims, damages, or expenses that result from your placement of these restrictions or instructions on your checks. Examples of restrictive legends placed on checks are "must be presented within 90 days" or "not valid for more than $1,000.00." The payee's signature accompanied by the words "for deposit only" is an example of a restrictive indorsement.
CREDIT VERIFICATION - You agree that we may verify credit and employment history by any necessary means, including preparation of a credit report by a credit reporting agency.
CHECK PROCESSING - We process items mechanically by relying solely on the information encoded in magnetic ink along the bottom of the items. This means that we do not individually examine all of your items to determine if the item is properly completed, signed and indorsed or to determine if it contains any information other than what is encoded in magnetic ink. You agree that we have exercised ordinary care if our automated processing is consistent with general banking practice, even though we do not inspect each item. Because we do not inspect each item, if you write a check to multiple payees, we can properly pay the check regardless of the number of indorsements unless you notify us in writing that the check requires multiple indorsements. We must receive the notice in time for us to have a reasonable opportunity to act on it, and you must tell us the precise date of the check, amount, check number and payee. We are not responsible for any unauthorized signature or alteration that would not be identified by a reasonable inspection of the item. Using an automated process helps us keep costs down for you and all account holders.
CHECK CASHING - We may charge a fee for anyone that does not have an account with us who is cashing a check, draft or other instrument written on your account. We may also require reasonable identification to cash such a check, draft or other instrument. We can decide what identification is reasonable under the circumstances and such identification may be documentary or physical and may include collecting a thumbprint or fingerprint.
TELEPHONIC INSTRUCTIONS - Unless required by law or we have agreed otherwise in writing, we are not required to act upon instructions you give us via facsimile transmission or leave by voice mail or on a telephone answering machine.
MONITORING AND RECORDING TELEPHONE CALLS AND CONSENT TO RECEIVE COMMUNICATIONS - Subject to federal and state law, we may monitor or record phone calls for security reasons, to maintain a record and to ensure that you receive courteous and efficient service. You consent in advance to any such recording.
To provide you with the best possible service in our ongoing business relationship for your account we may need to contact you about your account from time to time by telephone, text messaging or email. However, we first obtain your consent to contact you about your account in compliance with applicable consumer protection provisions in the federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (TCPA), CAN-SPAM Act and their related federal regulations and orders issued by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
Your consent is limited to your account, and as authorized by applicable law and regulations.
Your consent is voluntary and not conditioned on the purchase of any product or service from us.
With the above understandings, you authorize us to contact you regarding your account throughout its existence using any telephone numbers or email addresses that you have previously provided to us by virtue of an existing business relationship or that you may subsequently provide to us.
This consent is regardless of whether the number we use to contact you is assigned to a landline, a paging service, a cellular wireless service, a specialized mobile radio service, other radio common carrier service or any other service for which you may be charged for the call. You further authorize us to contact you through the use of voice, voice mail and text messaging, including the use of pre-recorded or artificial voice messages and an automated dialing device.
If necessary, you may change or remove any of the telephone numbers or email addresses at any time using any reasonable means to notify us.
CLAIM OF LOSS - If you claim a credit or refund because of a forgery, alteration, or any other unauthorized withdrawal, you agree to cooperate with us in the investigation of the loss, including giving us an affidavit containing whatever reasonable information we require concerning your account, the transaction, and the circumstances surrounding the loss. You will notify law enforcement authorities of any criminal act related to the claim of lost, missing, or stolen checks or unauthorized withdrawals. We will have a reasonable period of time to investigate the facts and circumstances surrounding any claim of loss. Unless we have acted in bad faith, we will not be liable for special or consequential damages, including loss of profits or opportunity, or for attorneys' fees incurred by you.
You agree that you will not waive any rights you have to recover your loss against anyone who is obligated to repay, insure, or otherwise reimburse you for your loss. You will pursue your rights or, at our option, assign them to us so that we may pursue them. Our liability will be reduced by the amount you recover or are entitled to recover from these other sources.
EARLY WITHDRAWAL PENALTIES (and involuntary withdrawals) - We may impose early withdrawal penalties on a withdrawal from a time account even if you don't initiate the withdrawal. For instance, the early withdrawal penalty may be imposed if the withdrawal is caused by our setoff against funds in the account or as a result of an attachment or other legal process. We may close your account and impose the early withdrawal penalty on the entire account balance in the event of a partial early withdrawal. See your notice of penalty for early withdrawals for additional information.
RESOLVING ACCOUNT DISPUTES - We may place an administrative hold on the funds in your account (refuse payment or withdrawal of the funds) if it becomes subject to a claim adverse to (1) your own interest; (2) others claiming an interest as survivors or beneficiaries of your account; or (3) a claim arising by operation of law. The hold may be placed for such period of time as we believe reasonably necessary to allow a legal proceeding to determine the merits of the claim or until we receive evidence satisfactory to us that the dispute has been resolved. We will not be liable for any items that are dishonored as a consequence of placing a hold on funds in your account for these reasons.
WAIVER OF NOTICES - To the extent permitted by law, you waive any notice of non-payment, dishonor or protest regarding any items credited to or charged against your account. For example, if you deposit an item and it is returned unpaid or we receive a notice of nonpayment, we do not have to notify you unless required by federal Regulation CC or other law.
ACH AND WIRE TRANSFERS - This agreement is subject to Article 4A of the Uniform Commercial Code - Fund Transfers as adopted in the state in which you have your account with us. If you originate a fund transfer and you identify by name and number a beneficiary financial institution, an intermediary financial institution or a beneficiary, we and every receiving or beneficiary financial institution may rely on the identifying number to make payment. We may rely on the number even if it identifies a financial institution, person or account other than the one named. You agree to be bound by automated clearing house association rules. These rules provide, among other things, that payments made to you, or originated by you, are provisional until final settlement is made through a Federal Reserve Bank or payment is otherwise made as provided in Article 4A-403(a) of the Uniform Commercial Code. If we do not receive such payment, we are entitled to a refund from you in the amount credited to your account and the party originating such payment will not be considered to have paid the amount so credited. Credit entries may be made by ACH. If we receive a payment order to credit an account you have with us by wire or ACH, we are not required to give you any notice of the payment order or credit.
FUNDS TRANSFERS - The terms used in this section have the meaning given to them in Article 4A of the Uniform Commercial Code - Funds Transfers (UCC 4A). This section will generally not apply to you if you are a consumer. However, even if you are a consumer, this section will apply to that part of any funds transfer that is conducted by Fedwire. This section is subject to UCC 4A as adopted in the state in which you have your deposit with us. This agreement is also subject to all clearing house association rules, rules of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and their operating circulars. If any part of this agreement is determined to be unenforceable, the rest of the agreement remains effective. This agreement controls funds transfers unless supplemented or amended in a separate written agreement signed by us. This agreement does not apply to a funds transfer if any part of the transfer is governed by the Electronic Fund Transfer Act of 1978 (EFTA), except this agreement does apply to a funds transfer that is a remittance transfer as defined in EFTA unless the remittance transfer is an electronic fund transfer as defined in EFTA.
Funds transfer - A funds transfer is the transaction or series of transactions that begin with the originator's payment order, made for the purpose of making payment to the beneficiary of the order. A funds transfer is completed by the acceptance by the beneficiary's bank of a payment order for the benefit of the beneficiary of the originator's order. You may give us a payment order orally, electronically, or in writing, but your order cannot state any condition to payment to the beneficiary other than the time of payment. Credit entries may be made by ACH.
Authorized account - An authorized account is a deposit account you have with us that you have designated as a source of payment of payment orders you issue to us. If you have not designated an authorized account, any account you have with us is an authorized account to the extent that payment of the payment order is not inconsistent with the use of the account.
Acceptance of your payment order - We are not obligated to accept any payment order that you give us, although we normally will accept your payment order if you have a withdrawable credit in an authorized account sufficient to cover the order. If we do not execute your payment order, but give you notice of our rejection of your payment order after the execution date or give you no notice, we are not liable to pay you as restitution any interest on a withdrawable credit in a non-interest-bearing account.
Cutoff time - If we do not receive your payment order or communication canceling or amending a payment order before our cutoff time on a funds transfer day for that type of order or communication, the order or communication will be deemed to be received at the opening of our next funds transfer business day.
Payment of your order - If we accept a payment order you give us, we may receive payment by automatically deducting from any authorized account the amount of the payment order plus the amount of any expenses and charges for our services in execution of your payment order. We are entitled to payment on the payment or execution date. Unless your payment order specifies otherwise, the payment or execution date is the funds transfer date we receive the payment order. The funds transfer is completed upon acceptance by the beneficiary's bank. Your obligation to pay your payment order is excused if the funds transfer is not completed, but you are still responsible to pay us any expenses and charges for our services. However, if you told us to route the funds transfer through an intermediate bank, and we are unable to obtain a refund because the intermediate bank that you designated has suspended payments, then you are still obligated to pay us for the payment order. You will not be entitled to interest on any refund you receive because the beneficiary's bank does not accept the payment order.
Security procedure - As described more fully in a separate writing, the authenticity of a payment order or communication canceling or amending a payment order issued in your name as sender may be verified by a security procedure. You affirm that you have no circumstances which are relevant to the determination of a commercially reasonable security procedure unless those circumstances are expressly contained in a separate writing signed by us. You may choose from one or more security procedures that we have developed, or you may develop your own security procedure if it is acceptable to us. If you refuse a commercially reasonable security procedure that we have offered you, you agree that you will be bound by any payment order issued in your name, whether or not authorized, that we accept in good faith and in compliance with the security procedure you have chosen.
Duty to report unauthorized or erroneous payment - You must exercise ordinary care to determine that all payment orders or amendments to payment orders that we accept that are issued in your name are authorized, enforceable, in the correct amount, to the correct beneficiary, and not otherwise erroneous. If you discover (or with reasonable care should have discovered) an unauthorized, unenforceable, or erroneously executed payment order or amendment, you must exercise ordinary care to notify us of the relevant facts. The time you have to notify us will depend on the circumstances, but that time will not in any circumstance exceed 14 days from when you are notified of our acceptance or execution of the payment order or amendment or that your account was debited with respect to the order or amendment. If you do not provide us with timely notice you will not be entitled to interest on any refundable amount. If we can prove that you failed to perform either of these duties with respect to an erroneous payment and that we incurred a loss as a result of the failure, you are liable to us for the amount of the loss not exceeding the amount of your order.
Identifying number - If your payment order identifies an intermediate bank, beneficiary bank, or beneficiary by name and number, we and every receiving or beneficiary bank may rely upon the identifying number rather than the name to make payment, even if the number identifies an intermediate bank or person different than the bank or beneficiary identified by name. Neither we nor any receiving or beneficiary bank have any responsibility to determine whether the name and identifying number refer to the same financial institution or person.
Record of oral or telephone orders - You agree that we may, if we choose, record any oral or telephone payment order or communication of amendment or cancelation.
Notice of credit - If we receive a payment order to credit an account you have with us, we are not required to provide you with any notice of the payment order or the credit.
Provisional credit - You agree to be bound by the automated clearing house association operating rules that provide that payments made to you or originated by you by funds transfer through the automated clearing house system are provisional until final settlement is made through a Federal Reserve Bank or otherwise payment is made as provided in Article 4A-403(a) of the Uniform Commercial Code.
Refund of credit - You agree that if we do not receive payment of an amount credited to your account, we are entitled to a refund from you in the amount credited and the party originating such payment will not be considered to have paid the amount so credited.
Amendment of funds transfer agreement - From time to time we may amend any term of this agreement by giving you reasonable notice in writing. We may give notice to anyone who is authorized to send payment orders to us in your name, or to anyone who is authorized to accept service.
Cancelation or amendment of payment order - You may cancel or amend a payment order you give us only if we receive the communication of cancelation or amendment before our cutoff time and in time to have a reasonable opportunity to act on it before we accept the payment order. The communication of cancelation or amendment must be presented in conformity with the same security procedure that has been agreed to for payment orders.
Intermediaries - We are not liable for the actions of any intermediary, regardless of whether or not we selected the intermediary. We are not responsible for acts of God, outside agencies, or nonsalaried agents.
Limit on liability - You waive any claim you may have against us for consequential or special damages, including loss of profit arising out of a payment order or funds transfer, unless this waiver is prohibited by law. We are not responsible for attorney fees you might incur due to erroneous execution of payment order.
Erroneous execution - If we receive an order to pay you, and we erroneously pay you more than the amount of the payment order, we are entitled to recover from you the amount in excess of the amount of the payment order, regardless of whether you may have some claim to the excess amount against the originator of the order.
Objection to payment - If we give you a notice that reasonably identifies a payment order issued in your name as sender that we have accepted and received payment for, you cannot claim that we are not entitled to retain the payment unless you notify us of your objection to the payment within 60 days of our notice to you.
FACSIMILE SIGNATURES - Unless you make advance arrangements with us, we have no obligation to honor facsimile signatures on your checks or other orders. If we do agree to honor items containing facsimile signatures, you authorize us, at any time, to charge you for all checks, drafts, or other orders, for the payment of money, that are drawn on us. You give us this authority regardless of by whom or by what means the facsimile signature(s) may have been affixed so long as they resemble the facsimile signature specimen filed with us, and contain the required number of signatures for this purpose. You must notify us at once if you suspect that your facsimile signature is being or has been misused.
POWER OF ATTORNEY - You may wish to appoint an agent to conduct transactions on your behalf. (We, however, have no duty or agreement whatsoever to monitor or insure that the acts of the agent are for your benefit.) This may be done by allowing your agent to sign in that capacity on the signature card or by separate form, such as a power of attorney. A power of attorney continues until your death or the death of the person given the power. If the power of attorney is not "durable," it is revoked when you become incompetent. We may continue to honor the transactions of the agent until: (a) we have received written notice or have actual knowledge of the termination of the authority or the death of an owner, and (b) we have had a reasonable opportunity to act on that notice or knowledge. You agree not to hold us responsible for any loss or damage you may incur as a result of our following instructions given by an agent acting under a valid power of attorney.
STALE-DATED CHECKS - We are not obligated to, but may at our option, pay a check presented for payment more than six months after its date. If you do not want us to pay a stale-dated check, you must place a stop-payment order on the check in the manner we have described elsewhere.
INDORSEMENTS - We may accept for deposit any item payable to you or your order, even if they are not indorsed by you. We may give cash back to any one of you. We may supply any missing indorsement(s) for any item we accept for deposit or collection, and you warrant that all indorsements are genuine.
To ensure that your check or share draft is processed without delay, you must indorse it (sign it on the back) in a specific area. Your entire indorsement (whether a signature or a stamp) along with any other indorsement information (e.g. additional indorsements, ID information, driver's license number, etc.) must fall within 11/2" of the "trailing edge" of a check. Indorsements must be made in blue or black ink, so that they are readable by automated check processing equipment.
As you look at the front of a check, the "trailing edge" is the left edge. When you flip the check over, be sure to keep all indorsement information within 11/2" of that edge.
It is important that you confine the indorsement information to this area since the remaining blank space will be used by others in the processing of the check to place additional needed indorsements and information. You agree that you will indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless for any loss, liability, damage or expense that occurs because your indorsement, another indorsement or information you have printed on the back of the check obscures our indorsement.
These indorsement guidelines apply to both personal and business checks.
UNCLAIMED PROPERTY - The law establishes procedures under which unclaimed property must be surrendered to the state. (We may have our own rules regarding dormant accounts, and if we charge a fee for dormant accounts it will be disclosed to you elsewhere.) Generally, the funds in your account are considered unclaimed if you have not had any activity or communication with us regarding your account over a period of years. Ask us if you want further information about the period of time or type of activity that will prevent your account from being unclaimed. If your funds are surrendered to the state, you may be able to reclaim them, but your claim must be presented to the state. Once your funds are surrendered, we no longer have any liability or responsibility with respect to the funds.
DEATH OR INCOMPETENCE - You agree to notify us promptly if any person with a right to withdraw funds from your account(s) dies or is adjudicated (determined by the appropriate official) incompetent. We may continue to honor your checks, items, and instructions until: (a) we know of your death or adjudication of incompetence, and (b) we have had a reasonable opportunity to act on that knowledge. You agree that we may pay or certify checks drawn on or before the date of death or adjudication of incompetence for up to ten (10) days after your death or adjudication of incompetence unless ordered to stop payment by someone claiming an interest in the account.
UTMA ACCOUNTS - Under the Uniform Transfers to Minors Act, the funds in the account are owned by the child who has unconditional use of the account when he or she reaches the age of majority. Before that time, the account may be accessed only by the custodian (or successor custodian), and the funds must be used for the benefit of the child. We, however, have no duty or agreement whatsoever to monitor or insure that the acts of the custodian (or successor custodian) are for the child's benefit. We are not responsible to monitor age or eligibility for an UTMA account, even though our records may include the minor's date of birth. It is the custodian's responsibility to properly distribute the funds in the account upon the minor's death or attainment of the age of majority. For this type of account, the child's SSN/TIN is used for the Backup Withholding Certification.
FIDUCIARY ACCOUNTS - Accounts may be opened by a person acting in a fiduciary capacity. A fiduciary is someone who is appointed to act on behalf of and for the benefit of another. We are not responsible for the actions of a fiduciary, including the misuse of funds. This account may be opened and maintained by a person or persons named as a trustee under a written trust agreement, or as executors, administrators, or conservators under court orders. You understand that by merely opening such an account, we are not acting in the capacity of a trustee in connection with the trust nor do we undertake any obligation to monitor or enforce the terms of the trust or letters.
BACKUP WITHHOLDING/TIN CERTIFICATION - Federal tax law requires us to report interest payments we make to you of $10 or more in a year, and to include your taxpayer identification number (TIN) on the report (the taxpayer identification number is your social security number if you are an individual). Interest includes dividends, interest and bonus payments for purposes of this rule. Therefore, we require you to provide us with your TIN and to certify that it is correct. In some circumstances, federal law requires us to withhold and pay to the IRS a percentage of the interest that is earned on funds in your accounts. This is known as backup withholding. We will not have to withhold interest payments when you open your account if you certify your TIN and certify that you are not subject to backup withholding due to underreporting of interest. (There are special rules if you do not have a TIN but have applied for one, if you are a foreign person, or if you are exempt from the reporting requirements.) We may subsequently be required to begin backup withholding if the IRS informs us that you supplied an incorrect TIN or that you underreported your interest income.
CHANGING ACCOUNT PRODUCTS - We may change your account to another product offered by us at any time by giving you notice that your account will be changed to another product on a specified date. If your account is a time account, the change will not occur before the next maturity date of your account. If you do not close your account before the date specified in the notice, we may change your account to that other product on the date specified in the notice.
LEGAL ACTIONS AFFECTING YOUR ACCOUNT - If we are served with a subpoena, restraining order, writ of attachment or execution, levy, garnishment, search warrant, or similar order relating to your account (termed "legal action" in this section), we will comply with that legal action. Or, in our discretion, we may freeze the assets in the account and not allow any payments out of the account until a final court determination regarding the legal action. We may do these things even if the legal action involves less than all of you. In these cases, we will not have any liability to you if there are insufficient funds to pay your items because we have withdrawn funds from your account or in any way restricted access to your funds in accordance with the legal action. Any fees or expenses we incur in responding to any legal action (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and our internal expenses) may be charged against your account. The list of fees applicable to your account(s) provided elsewhere may specify additional fees that we may charge for certain legal actions.
ACCOUNT SECURITY -
Duty to protect account information and methods of access - It is your responsibility to protect the account number(s) and access device(s) (e.g., an ATM card, point-of-sale card and/or PIN) for your account(s). Do not discuss, compare, or share information about your account number(s) or access device(s) with anyone unless you are willing to give them full use of your money. Checks and electronic withdrawals are processed by automated methods, and anyone who obtains your account number or access device could use it to withdraw money from your account, with or without your permission.
Account numbers - Thieves can encode your account number on a check which looks and functions like an authorized check and can be used to withdraw money from your account. Your account number can also be used to issue a "remotely created check." Like a typical check, a remotely created check (sometimes called a telecheck, preauthorized draft or demand draft) is a draft or check that can be used to withdraw money from your account. Unlike a typical check or draft, however, a remotely created check is not issued by the paying bank and does not contain the signature of the account owner (or a signature purported to be the signature of the account owner). If you have truly authorized the remotely created check (to purchase a service or merchandise, for example), it is properly payable. But it can be risky to authorize a remotely created check. A swindler could issue a remotely created check in an amount greater than you authorized, or issue additional remotely created checks that you have not authorized. We will not know if the withdrawal is unauthorized or in an amount greater than the amount you have authorized. Payment can be made from your account even though you did not contact us directly and order the payment.
Access devices - If you furnish your access device and grant actual authority to make transfers to someone who then exceeds that authority, you will be liable for the transfers unless we have been notified that transfers by that person are no longer authorized. Please review the additional information you have received or will receive regarding transfers by access device.
Blank checks - You must also take precaution in safeguarding your blank checks. Notify us at once if you think your blank checks have been lost or stolen. As between you and us, if you are negligent in safeguarding your checks, you must bear the loss entirely yourself, or share the loss with us if we failed to use ordinary care which substantially contributes to the loss.
ADDRESS OR NAME CHANGES - You are responsible for notifying us of any change in your address or your name. Unless we agree otherwise, change of address or name must be made in writing by at least one of the account holders. Informing us of your address or name change on a check reorder form is not sufficient. We will attempt to communicate with you only by use of the most recent address you have provided to us. If provided elsewhere, we may impose a service fee if we attempt to locate you.
___________________________
NOTICE OF NEGATIVE INFORMATION
Federal law requires us to provide the following notice to customers before any "negative information" may be furnished to a nationwide consumer reporting agency. "Negative information" includes information concerning delinquencies, overdrafts or any form of default. This notice does not mean that we will be reporting such information about you, only that we may report such information about customers that have not done what they are required to do under our agreement.
After providing this notice, additional negative information may be submitted without providing another notice.
We may report information about your account to credit bureaus. Late payments, missed payments or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report.
___________________________
ELECTRONIC FUND TRANSFERS YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Electronic Fund Transfers Initiated By Third Parties. You may authorize a third party to initiate electronic fund transfers between your account and the third party's account. These transfers to make or receive payment may be one-time occurrences or may recur as directed by you. These transfers may use the Automated Clearing House (ACH) or other payments network. Your authorization to the third party to make these transfers can occur in a number of ways. For example, your authorization to convert a check to an electronic fund transfer or to electronically pay a returned check charge can occur when a merchant provides you with notice and you go forward with the transaction (typically, at the point of purchase, a merchant will post a sign and print the notice on a receipt). In all cases, these third party transfers will require you to provide the third party with your account number and bank information. This information can be found on your check as well as on a deposit or withdrawal slip. Thus, you should only provide your bank and account information (whether over the phone, the Internet, or via some other method) to trusted third parties whom you have authorized to initiate these electronic fund transfers. Examples of these transfers include, but are not limited to:
Preauthorized credits. You may make arrangements for certain direct deposits to be accepted into your account(s).
Preauthorized payments. You may make arrangements to pay certain recurring bills from your account(s).
Electronic check conversion. You may authorize a merchant or other payee to make a one-time electronic payment from your checking account using information from your check to pay for purchases or pay bills.
Electronic returned check charge. You may authorize a merchant or other payee to initiate an electronic funds transfer to collect a charge in the event a check is returned for insufficient funds.
AccountLine Telephone Transfers - types of transfers - You may access your account by telephone 24 hours a day at (866) 823-6887 by pressing 1 and using your Personal Identification Number (PIN), a touch tone phone, and your account numbers, to:
transfer funds between checking, money market and savings account(s)
make payments from eligible deposit accounts permitting transfers to loan accounts with us
get information about transactions
request a stop payment
Debit Card Transfers - types of transfers and dollar limitations - You may access your account(s) by ATM using your Debit Card and Personal Identification Number, to:
make deposits to checking, money market and savings account(s)
receive cash back from an ATM deposit up to $150.00 limit per day per card
get cash withdrawals from checking, money market and savings account(s)
you may withdraw no more than $500.00 per calendar day per banking card up to your available limit and available balance
transfer funds between checking, money market and savings account(s)
get information about:
the account balance of your checking, money market and savings account(s)
make loan payments to your overdraft protection line of credit
Some of these services may not be available at all terminals.
Types of Debit Card Point-of-Sale Transactions - You may access your checking, money market and savings account(s) to purchase goods (in person, online, or by phone), pay for services (in person, online, or by phone), get cash from a merchant, if the merchant permits, or from a participating financial institution, and do anything that a participating merchant will accept.
Point-of-Sale Transactions - dollar limitations - Using your card:
you may not exceed $1,500.00 in transactions per day per banking card up to your available balance and available limit
ATM Operator/Network Fees. When you use an ATM not owned by us, you may be charged a fee by the ATM operator or any network used (and you may be charged a fee for a balance inquiry even if you do not complete the transaction). Refer to disclosure at the ATM for applicable fee.
Advisory Against Illegal Use. You agree not to use your card(s) for illegal gambling or other illegal purpose. For example, display of a payment card logo by an online merchant does not necessarily mean that transactions are lawful in all jurisdictions in which the cardholder may be located.
DOCUMENTATION
Terminal transfers. You can get a receipt at the time you make a transfer to or from your account using an automated teller machine or point-of-sale terminal. However, you may not get a receipt if the amount of the transfer is $15 or less.
Preauthorized credits. If you have arranged to have direct deposits made to your account at least once every 60 days from the same person or company, you can call us at the number on the back of this brochure to find out whether or not the deposit has been made.
Periodic statements. You will get a monthly account statement from us for your checking, money market and savings accounts, unless there are no transfers in a particular month. In any case, you will get a statement at least quarterly.
PREAUTHORIZED PAYMENTS
Right to stop payment and procedure for doing so. If you have told us in advance to make regular payments out of your account, you can stop any of these payments. Here is how:    Call or write us at the telephone number or address listed in this brochure in time for us to receive your request 3 business days or more before the payment is scheduled to be made. If you call, we may also require you to put your request in writing and get it to us within 14 days after you call.
Notice of varying amounts. If these regular payments may vary in amount, the person you are going to pay will tell you, 10 days before each payment, when it will be made and how much it will be. (You may choose instead to get this notice only when the payment would differ by more than a certain amount from the previous payment, or when the amount would fall outside certain limits that you set.)
Liability for failure to stop payment of preauthorized transfer. If you order us to stop one of these payments 3 business days or more before the transfer is scheduled, and we do not do so, we will be liable for your losses or damages.
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION'S LIABILITY
Liability for failure to make transfers. If we do not complete a transfer to or from your account on time or in the correct amount according to our agreement with you, we will be liable for your losses or damages. However, there are some exceptions. We will not be liable, for instance:
If, through no fault of ours, you do not have enough money in your account to make the transfer.
If you have an overdraft line and the transfer would go over the credit limit.
If the automated teller machine where you are making the transfer does not have enough cash.
If the terminal or system was not working properly and you knew about the breakdown when you started the transfer.
If circumstances beyond our control (such as fire or flood) prevent the transfer, despite reasonable precautions that we have taken.
There may be other exceptions stated in our agreement with you.
CONFIDENTIALITY
We will disclose information to third parties about your account or the transfers you make:
where it is necessary for completing transfers; or
in order to verify the existence and condition of your account for a third party, such as a credit bureau or merchant; or
in order to comply with government agency or court orders; or
if you give us written permission.
UNAUTHORIZED TRANSFERS
(a) Consumer liability. Tell us AT ONCE if you believe your card and/or code has been lost or stolen, or if you believe that an electronic fund transfer has been made without your permission using information from your check. Telephoning is the best way of keeping your possible losses down. You could lose up to $50 if someone used your card and/or code without your permission.
Also, if your statement shows transfers that you did not make, including those made by card, code or other means, tell us at once. If you do not tell us within 60 days after the statement was mailed to you, you may not get back the money you lost (up to $50) after the 60 days if we can prove that we could have stopped someone from taking the money if you had told us in time.
If a good reason (such as a long trip or a hospital stay) kept you from telling us, we will extend the time period.
(b) Contact in event of unauthorized transfer. If you believe your card and/or code has been lost or stolen, call or write us at the telephone number or address listed in this disclosure. You should also call the number or write to the address listed on the back cover of this disclosure if you believe a transfer has been made using the information from your check without your permission.
ERROR RESOLUTION NOTICE
In Case of Errors or Questions About Your Electronic Transfers, Call or Write us at the telephone number or address listed on the back cover of this disclosure, as soon as you can, if you think your statement or receipt is wrong or if you need more information about a transfer listed on the statement or receipt. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent the FIRST statement on which the problem or error appeared.
Tell us your name and account number (if any).
Describe the error or the transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe it is an error or why you need more information.
Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error.
If you tell us orally, we may require that you send us your complaint or question in writing within 10 business days.
We will determine whether an error occurred within 10 business days (20 business days if the transfer involved a new account) after we hear from you and will correct any error promptly. If we need more time, however, we may take up to 45 days (90 days if the transfer involved a new account, a point-of-sale transaction, or a foreign-initiated transfer) to investigate your complaint or question. If we decide to do this, we will credit your account within 10 business days (20 business days if the transfer involved a new account) for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have the use of the money during the time it takes us to complete our investigation. If we ask you to put your complaint or question in writing and we do not receive it within 10 business days, we may not credit your account. Your account is considered a new account for the first 30 days after the first deposit is made, unless each of you already has an established account with us before this account is opened.
We will tell you the results within three business days after completing our investigation. If we decide that there was no error, we will send you a written explanation.
You may ask for copies of the documents that we used in our investigation.
NOTICE OF ATM/NIGHT DEPOSITFACILITY USER PRECAUTIONS
As with all financial transactions, please exercise discretion when using an automated teller machine (ATM) or night deposit facility. For your own safety, be careful. The following suggestions may be helpful.
Prepare for your transactions at home (for instance, by filling out a deposit slip) to minimize your time at the ATM or night deposit facility.
Mark each transaction in your account record, but not while at the ATM or night deposit facility. Always save your ATM receipts. Don't leave them at the ATM or night deposit facility because they may contain important account information.
Compare your records with the account statements you receive.
Don't lend your ATM card to anyone.
Remember, do not leave your card at the ATM. Do not leave any documents at a night deposit facility.
Protect the secrecy of your Personal Identification Number (PIN). Protect your ATM card as though it were cash. Don't tell anyone your PIN. Don't give anyone information regarding your ATM card or PIN over the telephone. Never enter your PIN in any ATM that does not look genuine, has been modified, has a suspicious device attached, or is operating in a suspicious manner. Don't write your PIN where it can be discovered. For example, don't keep a note of your PIN in your wallet or purse.
Prevent others from seeing you enter your PIN by using your body to shield their view.
If you lose your ATM card or if it is stolen, promptly notify us. You should consult the other disclosures you have received about electronic fund transfers for additional information about what to do if your card is lost or stolen.
When you make a transaction, be aware of your surroundings. Look out for suspicious activity near the ATM or night deposit facility, particularly if it is after sunset. At night, be sure that the facility (including the parking area and walkways) is well lighted. Consider having someone accompany you when you use the facility, especially after sunset. If you observe any problem, go to another ATM or night deposit facility.
Don't accept assistance from anyone you don't know when using an ATM or night deposit facility.
If you notice anything suspicious or if any other problem arises after you have begun an ATM transaction, you may want to cancel the transaction, pocket your card and leave. You might consider using another ATM or coming back later.
Don't display your cash; pocket it as soon as the ATM transaction is completed and count the cash later when you are in the safety of your own car, home, or other secure surrounding.
At a drive-up facility, make sure all the car doors are locked and all of the windows are rolled up, except the driver's window. Keep the engine running and remain alert to your surroundings.
We want the ATM and night deposit facility to be safe and convenient for you. Therefore, please tell us if you know of any problem with a facility. For instance, let us know if a light is not working or there is any damage to a facility. Please report any suspicious activity or crimes to both the operator of the facility and the local law enforcement officials immediately.
___________________________
YOUR ABILITY TO WITHDRAW FUNDS
Our policy is to make funds from your cash, check and ATM deposits available to you by the first business day after the day we receive your deposit. Electronic direct deposits will be available on the day we receive the deposit. Once the funds are available, you can withdraw them in cash and we will use the funds to pay checks that you have written.
Please remember that even after we have made funds available to you, and you have withdrawn the funds, you are still responsible for checks you deposit that are returned to us unpaid and for any other problems involving your deposit.
For determining the availability of your deposits, every day is a business day, except Saturdays, Sundays, and federal holidays. If you make a deposit before 4:00 P.M. in a Century Bank branch on a business day that we are open, we will consider that day to be the day of your deposit. However, if you make a deposit after 4:00 P.M. in a Century Bank branch, or on a day we are not open, we will consider that the deposit was made on the next business day we are open.
If you make a deposit at an ATM before 5:30 P.M. on a business day that we are open, we will consider that day to be the day of your deposit. However, if you make a deposit at an ATM after 5:30 P.M. or on a day we are not open, we will consider that the deposit was made on the next business day we are open.
If we cash a check for you that is drawn on another bank, we may withhold the availability of a corresponding amount of funds that are already in your account. Those funds will be available at the time funds from the check we cashed would have been available if you had deposited it.
If we accept for deposit a check that is drawn on another bank, we may make funds from the deposit available for withdrawal immediately but delay your availability to withdraw a corresponding amount of funds that you have on deposit in another account with us. The funds in the other account would then not be available for withdrawal until the time periods that are described elsewhere in this disclosure for the type of check that you deposited.
LONGER DELAYS MAY APPLY
Case-by-case delays. In some cases, we will not make all of the funds that you deposit by check available to you on the first business day after the day of your deposit. Depending on the type of check that you deposit, funds may not be available until the second business day after the day of your deposit. The first $225 of your deposits, however, will be available on the first business day after the day of your deposit.
If we are not going to make all of the funds from your deposit available on the first business day, we will notify you at the time you make your deposit. We will also tell you when the funds will be available. If your deposit is not made directly to one of our employees, or if we decide to take this action after you have left the premises, we will mail you the notice by the day after we receive your deposit.
If you will need the funds from a deposit right away, you should ask us when the funds will be available.
Safeguard exceptions. In addition, funds you deposit by check may be delayed for a longer period under the following circumstances:
We believe a check you deposit will not be paid.
You deposit checks totaling more than $5,525 on any one day.
You redeposit a check that has been returned unpaid.
You have overdrawn your account repeatedly in the last six months.
There is an emergency, such as failure of computer or communications equipment.
We will notify you if we delay your ability to withdraw funds for any of these reasons, and we will tell you when the funds will be available. They will generally be available no later than the seventh business day after the day of your deposit.
SPECIAL RULES FOR NEW ACCOUNTS
If you are a new customer, the following special rules will apply during the first 30 calendar days your account is open.
Funds from electronic direct deposits to your account will be available on the day we receive the deposit. Funds from deposits of cash, wire transfers, and the first $5,525 of a day's total deposits of cashier's, teller's, traveler's, and federal, state and local government checks will be available by the first business day after the day of your deposit if the deposit meets certain conditions. For example, the checks must be payable to you (and you need to request Special Handling of the item). The excess over $5,525 will be available on the seventh business day after the day of your deposit. If your deposit of these checks (other than a U.S. Treasury check) is not made in person to one of our employees, the first $5,525 will not be available until the second business day after the day of your deposit.
Funds from all other check deposits will be available by the seventh business day after the day of your deposit.
___________________________
SUBSTITUTE CHECKS AND YOUR RIGHTS
What is a substitute check?
To make check processing faster, federal law permits banks to replace original checks with "substitute checks." These checks are similar in size to original checks with a slightly reduced image of the front and back of the original check. The front of a substitute check states: "This is a legal copy of your check. You can use it the same way you would use the original check." You may use a substitute check as proof of payment just like the original check.
Some or all of the checks that you receive back from us may be substitute checks. This notice describes rights you have when you receive substitute checks from us. The rights in this notice do not apply to original checks or to electronic debits to your account. However, you have rights under other law with respect to those transactions.
What are my rights regarding substitute checks?
In certain cases, federal law provides a special procedure that allows you to request a refund for losses you suffer if a substitute check is posted to your account (for example, if you think that we withdrew the wrong amount from your account or that we withdrew money from your account more than once for the same check). The losses you may attempt to recover under this procedure may include the amount that was withdrawn from your account and fees that were charged as a result of the withdrawal (for example, bounced check fees).
The amount of your refund under this procedure is limited to the amount of your loss or the amount of the substitute check, whichever is less. You also are entitled to interest on the amount of your refund if your account is an interest-bearing account. If your loss exceeds the amount of the substitute check, you may be able to recover additional amounts under other law.
If you use this procedure, you may receive up to $2,500 of your refund (plus interest if your account earns interest) within 10 business days after we received your claim and the remainder of your refund (plus interest if your account earns interest) not later than 45 calendar days after we received your claim.
We may reverse the refund (including any interest on the refund) if we later are able to demonstrate that the substitute check was correctly posted to your account.
How do I make a claim for a refund?
If you believe that you have suffered a loss relating to a substitute check that you received and that was posted to your account, please call, email or write us at the telephone number, email address or address listed on the back cover of this brochure.
You must contact us within 60 calendar days of the date that we mailed (or otherwise delivered by a means to which you agreed) the substitute check in question or the account statement showing that the substitute check was posted to your account, whichever is later. We will extend this time period if you were not able to make a timely claim because of extraordinary circumstances.
Your claim must include –
A description of why you have suffered a loss (for example, you think the amount withdrawn was incorrect);
An estimate of the amount of your loss;
An explanation of why the substitute check you received is insufficient to confirm that you suffered a loss; and
A copy of the substitute check or the following information to help us identify the substitute check: the check number, the amount of the check, the date of the check, and the name of the person to whom you wrote the check.
___________________________
TRUTH-IN-SAVINGS DISCLOSURE
PLATINUM CHECKING
Rate Information - Your interest rate and annual percentage yield may change. Frequency of rate changes - We may change the interest rate on your account at any time.
Determination of rate - At our discretion, we may change the interest rate on your account.
Compounding and crediting frequency - Interest will be compounded every month. Interest will be credited to your account every month.
Effect of closing an account - If you close your account before interest is credited, you will not receive the accrued interest.
Minimum balance to open the account - You must deposit $10.00 to open this account.
Minimum balance to avoid imposition of fees - A maintenance fee will be imposed every statement period unless you maintain an average daily balance of $7,500.00 in this account for the statement period or an aggregate relationship balance in your Century Bank accounts* of $25,000.00. The average daily balance is calculated by adding the principal in the account for each day of the period and dividing that figure by the number of days in the period. The average daily balance period is based on a monthly computation.
*Century Bank accounts refers to the total of the average daily balance in savings and checking accounts for the monthly period plus certificate of deposit balances.
Minimum balance to obtain the annual percentage yield disclosed - You must maintain a minimum balance of $10.00 in the account each day to obtain the disclosed annual percentage yield.
Daily balance computation method - We use the daily balance method to calculate the interest on your account. This method applies a daily periodic rate to the principal in the account each day.
Accrual of interest on noncash deposits - Interest begins to accrue no later than the business day we receive credit for the deposit of noncash items (for example, checks).
Fees:
No ATM fees will be charged for non-Century Bank ATM transactions. Century Bank will reimburse other bank-imposed surcharges on withdrawals made at ATM machines in the continental U.S. per monthly statement cycle.
Refer to our separate Personal Fee Schedule for more details including maintenance fees.
GOLD CHECKING
Minimum balance to open the account - You must deposit $1.00 to open this account.
Minimum balance to avoid imposition of fees - A maintenance fee will be imposed every statement period unless you maintain an average daily balance of $2,500.00 in this account for the statement period or an aggregate relationship balance in your Century Bank accounts* of $5,000.00. The average daily balance is calculated by adding the principal in the account for each day of the period and dividing that figure by the number of days in the period. The average daily balance period is based on a monthly computation.
*Century Bank accounts refers to the total of the average daily balance in savings and checking accounts for the monthly period plus certificate of deposit balances.
Fees:
No ATM fees will be charged for non-Century Bank ATM transactions. Century Bank will reimburse up to $15.00 of other bank-imposed surcharges on withdrawals made at ATM machines in the continental U.S. per monthly statement cycle.
Refer to our separate Personal Fee Schedule for more details including maintenance fees.
SILVER CHECKING/SILVER 18-65 CHECKING
Minimum balance to open the account - You must deposit $1.00 to open this account.
Fees:
An ATM fee will be charged for each non-Century Bank ATM transaction (deposit, withdrawal, or transfer) in excess of four during a monthly cycle.
Refer to our separate Personal Fee Schedule for more details including paper statement fees.
BRONZE CHECKING, aka __________________
Minimum balance to open the account - You must deposit $1.00 to open this account.
Fees:
No ATM fees will be charged for non-Century Bank ATM transactions. Century Bank will reimburse up to $15.00 of other bank-imposed surcharges on withdrawals made at ATM machines in the continental U.S. per monthly statement cycle.
Refer to our separate Personal Fee Schedule for more details including check writing limitations and paper statement fees.
SAVINGS/SAVINGS 18-65
Rate Information - Your interest rate and annual percentage yield may change. Frequency of rate changes - We may change the interest rate on your account at any time.
Determination of rate - At our discretion, we may change the interest rate on your account.
Compounding and crediting frequency - Interest will be compounded every month. Interest will be credited to your account every month.
Effect of closing an account - If you close your account before interest is credited, you will not receive the accrued interest.
Minimum balance to open the account - You must deposit $1.00 to open this account.
Minimum balance to obtain the annual percentage yield disclosed - You must maintain a minimum balance of $10.00 in the account each day to obtain the disclosed annual percentage yield.
Daily balance computation method - We use the daily balance method to calculate the interest on your account. This method applies a daily periodic rate to the principal in the account each day.
Accrual of interest on noncash deposits - Interest begins to accrue no later than the business day we receive credit for the deposit of noncash items (for example, checks).
Transaction limitations:
Transfers from a Savings account to another account or to third parties by preauthorized, automatic, computer, or telephone transfer are limited to six per statement cycle. The third time these limitations are violated within a rolling 12 month period, the account will be transferred into a more appropriate transaction account with unrestricted use.
Fees:
An ATM fee will be charged for each non-Century Bank ATM transaction. Refer to our separate Personal Fee Schedule for more details.
SUPER SAVINGS
Rate Information - Your interest rate and annual percentage yield may change. Frequency of rate changes - We may change the interest rate on your account at any time.
Determination of rate - At our discretion, we may change the interest rate on your account.
Compounding and crediting frequency - Interest will be compounded every month. Interest will be credited to your account every month.
Effect of closing an account - If you close your account before interest is credited, you will not receive the accrued interest.
Minimum balance to open the account - You must deposit $10.00 to open this account.
Minimum balance to obtain the annual percentage yield disclosed - You must maintain a minimum balance of $10.00 in the account each day to obtain the disclosed annual percentage yield.
Daily balance computation method - We use the daily balance method to calculate the interest on your account. This method applies a daily periodic rate to the principal in the account each day.
Accrual of interest on noncash deposits - Interest begins to accrue no later than the business day we receive credit for the deposit of noncash items (for example, checks).
Monthly Transfer - Customer must have an Internal Automatic Transfer of $50.00 or more per month from a Century Bank checking account to obtain annual percentage yields. If the bank cannot process the required monthly Internal Automatic Transfer, this account will be changed to a Savings Account.
Transaction limitations:
Transfers from a Super Savings account to another account or to third parties by preauthorized, automatic, computer, or telephone transfer are limited to six per statement cycle. The third time these limitations are violated within a rolling 12 month period, the account will be transferred into a more appropriate transaction account with unrestricted use.
Fees:
An ATM fee will be charged for each non-Century Bank ATM transaction. Refer to our separate Personal Fee Schedule for more details.
MONEY MARKET
Rate Information - Your interest rate and annual percentage yield may change. Frequency of rate changes - We may change the interest rate on your account at any time.
Determination of rate - At our discretion, we may change the interest rate on your account.
Compounding and crediting frequency - Interest will be compounded every month. Interest will be credited to your account every month.
Effect of closing an account - If you close your account before interest is credited, you will not receive the accrued interest.
Minimum balance to open the account - You must deposit $1.00 to open this account.
Minimum balance to avoid imposition of fees - A maintenance fee will be imposed each monthly period unless you maintain a minimum average daily balance for the monthly period of $2,500.00. The average daily balance is calculated by adding the principal in the account for each day of the period and dividing that figure by the number of days in the period. The average daily balance period is based on a monthly computation.
Minimum balance to obtain the annual percentage yield disclosed - You must maintain a minimum balance of $10.00 in the account each day to obtain the disclosed annual percentage yield.
Daily balance computation method - We use the daily balance method to calculate the interest on your account. This method applies a daily periodic rate to the principal in the account each day.
Accrual of interest on noncash deposits - Interest begins to accrue no later than the business day we receive credit for the deposit of noncash items (for example, checks).
Transaction limitations:
Transfers from a Money Market account to another account or to third parties by preauthorized, automatic, computer, or telephone transfer are limited to six per statement cycle.
The third time these limitations are violated within a rolling 12 month period, the account will be transferred into a more appropriate transaction account with unrestricted use.
Fees:
An ATM fee will be charged for each non-Century Bank ATM transaction.
See our separate Personal Fee Schedule for fees including monthly maintenance fees.
CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT/IRA
Compounding frequency - Interest will be compounded monthly.
Crediting frequency - Interest will be credited monthly.
Effect of closing an account - If you close your account before interest is credited, you will not receive the accrued interest.
Minimum balance to open the account - You must deposit $500.00 in a certificate of deposit or in an IRA to open the account.
Daily balance computation method - We use the daily balance method to calculate the interest on your account. This method applies a daily periodic rate to the principal in the account each day.
Accrual of interest on noncash deposits - Interest begins to accrue on the business day you deposit noncash items (for example, checks).
Transaction limitations:
You may not make any deposits into your account.
You may make withdrawals of principal from your account before maturity only if we agree at the time you request the withdrawal. Principal withdrawn before maturity is included in the amount subject to early withdrawal penalty.
You cannot withdraw interest compounded to your account before maturity.
Early withdrawal penalties (a penalty may be imposed for withdrawals before maturity) -
If your account has an original maturity of one year or less: The fee we may impose will equal three months interest on the amount withdrawn subject to penalty.
If your account has an original maturity of more than one year but less than three years: The fee we may impose will equal six months interest on the amount withdrawn subject to penalty.
If your account has an original maturity of three years or more: The fee we may impose will equal nine months interest on the amount withdrawn subject to penalty.
In certain circumstances such as the death or incompetence of an owner of this account, the law permits, or in some cases requires, the waiver of the early withdrawal penalty. Other exceptions may also apply, for example, if this is part of an IRA or other tax-deferred savings plan.
Automatic Renewal: This account will automatically renew on the maturity date. You may prevent renewal if you withdraw the funds in the account at maturity (or within the grace period mentioned below) or we receive written notice from you within the grace period mentioned below. If you prevent renewal, interest will not accrue after final maturity.
Each renewal term will be the same as the original term, beginning on the maturity date. The interest rate will be the same we offer on time deposits on the maturity date which have the same term, minimum balance and other features as the original time deposit.
You will have ten calendar days after maturity to withdraw the funds without a penalty.
Fees:
There is an annual plan fee for retirement plans. The annual plan fee is waived if the retirement plan daily balance is greater than $10,000.00. Also, there is a fee for outgoing transfers. See our separate Personal Fee Schedule for details.
IRA SAVINGS
Rate Information - Your interest rate and annual percentage yield may change. Frequency of rate changes - We may change the interest rate on your account at any time.
Determination of rate - At our discretion, we may change the interest rate on your account.
Compounding and crediting frequency - Interest will be compounded every month. Interest will be credited to your account every month.
Effect of closing an account - If you close your account before interest is credited, you will not receive the accrued interest.
Minimum balance to open the account - You must deposit $100.00 to open this account.
Daily balance computation method - We use the daily balance method to calculate the interest on your account. This method applies a daily periodic rate to the principal in the account each day.
Accrual of interest on noncash deposits - Interest begins to accrue on the business day you deposit noncash items (for example, checks).
Transaction limitations:
Transfers from an IRA Savings to another account or to third parties by preauthorized, automatic, computer, or telephone transfer are not permitted.
Fees:
There is an annual plan fee for retirement plans. The annual plan fee is waived if the retirement plan daily balance is greater than $10,000.00. Also, there is a fee for outgoing transfers. See our separate Personal Fee Schedule for details.
COMMON FEES
Please refer to our separate Personal Fee Schedule for information about charges including maintenance and ATM fees.
___________________________
YOUR ACCOUNT
These are the accounts you have opened or inquired about. Further details about these accounts are inside this disclosure. If the figures are not filled in, please refer to your periodic statement.
PLATINUM CHECKING
The interest rate for your account is ____________%
with an annual percentage yield of ____________%.
GOLD CHECKING
SILVER CHECKING/SILVER 18-65 CHECKING
BRONZE CHECKING, aka ________________
SAVINGS/SAVINGS 18-65
The interest rate for your account is ____________%
with an annual percentage yield of ____________%.
SUPER SAVINGS
The interest rate for your account is ____________%
with an annual percentage yield of ____________%.
MONEY MARKET
Rate Information:
Tier 1 - If your daily balance is $10.00 thru $9,999.99, the interest rate paid on the entire balance in your account will be ____________% with an annual percentage yield of ____________%.
Tier 2 - If your daily balance is $10,000.00 thru $24,999.99, the interest rate paid on the entire balance in your account will be ____________% with an annual percentage yield of ____________%.
Tier 3 - If your daily balance is $25,000.00 thru $49,999.99, the interest rate paid on the entire balance in your account will be ____________% with an annual percentage yield of ____________%.
Tier 4 - If your daily balance is $50,000.00 or more, the interest rate paid on the entire balance in your account will be ____________% with an annual percentage yield of ____________%.
CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT
IRA
Rate Information - The interest rate on your account is ____________% with an annual percentage yield of ____________%. You will be paid this rate until first maturity.
Time requirements - Your account will mature _______________________________ (date or term).
IRA SAVINGS
The interest rate for your account is ____________%
with an annual percentage yield of ____________%.
Fees may reduce earnings.
Customer Service and Business Days 400 Mystic Avenue, Medford, MA 02155 (866) 823-6887 • CenturyBank.com CSC@CenturyBank.com Monday - Friday 7:00 A.M. to 11:00 P.M. Saturday & Sunday 9:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. Excluding Federal Holidays
201444547-020 Rev. 3/20 Form# MKT 957
© 2019 Wolters Kluwer Financial Services, Inc. All rights reserved. AIB-TIS 8/1/2019 9a Custom TCM-23y,2bj,3p,4u,8d
Print this page
Download our free Mobile App today!