http://www.e-leran.com/info/terms-of-sale
Close
Ready to Buy?
Call us today at 1-888-820-6511 to set up your new account or create a web login for your existing account.
If you need assistance, please
contact us.
Sign up for emails regarding the benefits, cost-savings, and solutions of being a Home Depot Pro customer.
Preferences have been saved!
* All fields are required.
Email*
First Name*
Last Name*
Company Name*
Do you have an existing account?*
If yes, please enter your account #:
Sign-up for email updates.
Thank You!
We appreciate you signing up. Please check your email within a few hours for confirmation.
Customer Credit Available
Accelerate your business's options and take it the next level when you open a credit line with Home Depot Pro. Download our credit application to apply.
Need Assistance?
Visit our help center for useful tips on placing online orders, using web features, and more.
Visit Help Center
Privacy Policy
Home
Terms Of Sale and Service
Terms Of Sale and Service
Payment Terms
Unless otherwise stated, payment terms are net 30 days (with approved credit) or Prepay In Advance. Payments made with a credit card are not eligible for cash discount. A service charge of 1.5% per month will be added to all past due accounts. Venue and jurisdiction is established in Duval County, Florida, in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.
Freight Terms
FREE FREIGHT (Shipped Prepaid) applies to orders of $99 or more, if shipped via UPS or Home Depot Pro fleet trucks. Orders less than $99 shipped via UPS or Home Depot Pro fleet will be charged a $9.99 flat fee. Orders shipped via LTL or common carriers will be shipped free freight on orders of more than $299. Orders are shipped the fastest, most economical way in the continental U.S. To our valued Alaskan and Hawaiian customers &dash all orders must specify Freight Forwarder or F.O.B. when orders are placed. Freight charges are the responsibility of the customer. To our valued International customers &dash all orders are shipped F.O.B. shipping warehouse. Domestic freight allowances do not apply.
City Sale
You can walk in or phone in your pick up orders at our City Sales Counter nearest you.
Please see locations in front of catalog. Minimum order of $20.00 for will call orders.
Warehouse Stock
Certain items are stocked only in regional warehouses; therefore, additional shipping time and charges may be required regardless of order size. All items are not stocked in every warehouse.
Back Orders
Unshipped merchandise from your original order, if valued at $50.00 or more will be shipped when merchandise is available within thirty (30) days. Merchandise not shipped within thirty (30) days will be automatically cancelled. Unshipped merchandise on C.O.D. shipments will be automatically cancelled. Prices and terms on original order will be in effect on the back order.
Return Goods Policy
Please contact Customer Service prior to returning any items to receive authorization. Be prepared with the following information:
Invoice or order number, if available
Item number and quantity to be returned
Reason for return
Requests for returns must be made within sixty (60) days after purchase.
There will be a 20% restocking fee on all returns other than defective goods or shipping errors.
Pricing
Although we strive to honor the printed prices in this catalog, due to extraordinary market conditions, we reserve the right to change prices without notice. We also reserve the right to correct typographical and pricing errors without notice. Prices on items such as copper tubing & fittings, PVC pipe & fittings, ABS pipe & fittings, CPVC pipe & fittings, electrical conduit & fittings, electrical wire, line sets, Freon, water heaters, fluorescent lighting and other products that follow the market on a competitive basis are subject to change without notice. For real-time pricing and product availability, please visit lerangasproducts.com.
Claims
Buyer shall examine material upon receipt and prior to installation. All claims for shortages or improper delivery must be made in writing within five (5) days of delivery. Claims not received in writing within the time specified are waived by Buyer. Delivery to job site constitutes delivery to Buyer, regardless of whether Buyer or his agent is at the site at the time of delivery or signs a delivery receipt. In those rare instances when a package is lost or an item damaged in transit, we assume full responsibility for filing claims. YOU HAVE NO PAPERWORK OR INCONVENIENCE.
Just follow these simple instructions:
Count number of cartons. This must be the same as shown on the freight bill. If not, sign freight bill "short" before driver leaves. Any visible signs of shrink wrap being torn should be noted on the freight bill. Delivery should be refused if items are visibly damaged and it should be noted on the freight bill.
Check in shipment immediately and report discrepancies immediately. Shortages will not be allowed if not reported within 72 hours of receipt of goods.
UPS will not always deliver all cartons on the same day. Make sure number of cartons shown on packing slip has been received before claiming shortages.
If a shortage has been called in, but later received, please notify us immediately so paperwork can be corrected.
To Our Valued California Customers
We have placed warnings on our products containing certain chemicals or chemical components as required by California law. If you wish to return any of these products, we will pay your shipping costs and refund your full purchase price.
Limitation on Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL Home Depot Pro OR ITS RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR LOST GOODWILL, INDIRECT DAMAGES, SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, MORAL DAMAGES, LIQUIDATED DAMAGES, PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR ANY OTHER FORM OF DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE PRODUCTS OR GOODS SOLD IN THIS CATALOG, EVEN IF ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THESE TYPES OF DAMAGES, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE ALLEGED IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE.
Limited Lifetime Warranty
Premier® and ProPlus® brand items are warranted against defects in materials or workmanship, for the lifetime of the original purchaser (excludes commercial faucets, non-metallic faucets, all ProPlus® faucets, Premier® vanities and vessel sinks). Defective products will be repaired or (at the option of our company and as its sole warranty obligation) replaced free of charge when returned with proof of purchase to us.
WE WILL IN NO EVENT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE OF DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS, FOR DAMAGE CAUSED TO OTHER TANGIBLE PROPERTY BY DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS, OR FOR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. For more information on the Premier faucet warranty, please visit www.premierfaucet.com.
Goods or products not manufactured by seller are warranted and guaranteed only to the extent and in the manner warranted and guaranteed to purchaser by the original manufacturer of such goods or products.