https://www.partylite.com/terms-and-conditions
Continue
PartyLite websites use cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
For more details about cookies and how to manage them, see our cookie policy.
Account
Settings
Search
Search
Advanced Search
Search
Home
Terms & Conditions
DSA Code of Ethics
Payment Methods
Candle Care
Returns Policy
Help
Privacy statement
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
DSA Code of Ethics
Payment Methods
Candle Care
Returns Policy
Help
Privacy statement
TERMS & CONDITIONS OF USE - USA
Please read this statement carefully before using the website for PartyLite Gifts, Inc. and PartyLite Worldwide, LLC: https://www.partylite.com (hereinafter, the “site” or “website”). By using this website, you accept and agree to be bound by and abide by, these terms and conditions of use. If you do not accept these terms, do not use this website.
These terms and conditions apply to the user of this website (“You” or “you”), and PartyLite Gifts, Inc. and PartyLite Worldwide, LLC, both located at 600 Cordwainer Drive, Norwell, Massachusetts 02061 (together with such entities’ affiliates and subsidiaries (hereinafter “PartyLite”, “we”, “us, “our”). The terms and conditions, together with any documents incorporated herein, govern your use of the website, including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through the site, whether as a guest or a registered user.
This site is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older. By using this website, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with PartyLite and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the site.
Use of Material from this Site This site (including all its contents) is the property of PartyLite and is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and other countries. You are authorized to browse the site and print and download copies of material on the site for your personal, non-commercial use only, so long as you do not remove any copyright or other notices that appear on the material you print or download. You agree that you will not otherwise copy, modify, display, sell, broadcast, transmit, or distribute any material on the site in any manner or medium, including by uploading the material or otherwise making the material available online.
You further agree not to use the website: (i) in any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries); (ii) for the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information, or otherwise; (iii) to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use, or re-use any material that does not comply with the Content Standards set out in these terms and conditions; (iv) to transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material without our prior written consent, including any junk mail, chain letter, spam, or any other similar solicitation; (v) to impersonate or attempt to impersonate PartyLite, a PartyLite employee, another user, or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using email addresses or screen names associated with any of the foregoing); or (vi) to engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the website, or which, as determined by us in our sole discretion, may harm PartyLite or users of the website, or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to: (i) use the website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party's use of the website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the website; (ii) use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access the website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the website; (iii) use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the website, or for any other purpose not expressly authorized herein, without our prior written consent; use any device, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of the website; (iv) introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful; or (v) attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of the website, the server on which the website is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to the website; attack the website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack, or otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the website.
Trademarks This site features logos and other trademarks and service marks that are the property of, or are licensed to PartyLite. The site may also include trademarks or service marks of third parties. All these trademarks are the property of their respective owners, and you agree not to use or display them in any manner without the prior written permission of the applicable PartyLite and the third-party trademark owner, where applicable.
Links This site may include links to other sites, some of them operated by third parties. These links are provided as a convenience to you. PartyLite has not reviewed all of the information on other sites and is not responsible for the content of any other sites or any products or services that may be offered through other sites. Different terms and conditions may apply to your use of any linked sites.
Accuracy, Completeness, and Timeliness of Information on the Site PartyLite is not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. PartyLite reserves the right to modify the contents of the site at any time, but has no obligation to update any information on this site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to the site.
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this website, and any service or material we provide on the website or related web pages, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the website, or the entire website, to users, including registered users. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the website, and ensuring that all persons who access the website through your internet connection are aware of these terms and conditions and comply with them.
If you choose, or are provided with a username, password, or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this website or portions of it using your username, password, or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your username or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information. We have the right to disable any username, password, or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time and in our sole discretion for any reason or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these terms and conditions.
Notice and Take-Down Procedures; Copyright Agent If you believe any materials accessible on or from this site infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials from this site by contacting PartyLite’s copyright agent (identified below) and providing the following information:
Identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed. Describe the work, and where possible, include a copy or the location (e.g., URL) of an authorized version of the work.
Identification of the material that you believe to be infringing. Describe the material and provide us with its URL or any other pertinent information that will allow us to locate the material.
Your name, address, telephone number and email address.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the complained use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information that you have supplied is accurate, and indicating that, “under penalty of perjury”, you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.
PartyLite’s agent for copyright issues relating to this website is as follows:
Copyright Agent - Legal Department PartyLite, Inc.
c/o Luminex Home Décor & Fragrance Company, LLC
10521 Millington Ct. Cincinnati, OH 45242
Phone: (513) 956-2359
DISCLAIMERS; WARRANTIES YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. PARTYLITE RESERVES THE RIGHT TO RESTRICT OR TERMINATE YOUR ACCESS TO THE SITE OR ANY FEATURE OR PART THEREOF AT ANY TIME. PARTYLITE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; WARRANTIES THAT MATERIAL ON THE SITE IS NON-INFRINGING; AND WARRANTIES THAT ACCESS TO THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT INFORMATION ON THE SITE WILL BE COMPLETE, ACCURATE, OR TIMELY. IF YOU DOWNLOAD ANY MATERIAL FROM THIS SITE, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT NEITHER PARTYLITE, ITS CORPORATE AFFILIATES OR THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES RELATING TO OR RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR ANY OTHER SITE YOU ACCESS THROUGH A LINK FROM THIS SITE OR FROM ANY ACTIONS PARTYLITE TAKES OR FAILS TO TAKE AS A RESULT OF YOUR COMMUNICATIONS WITH PARTYLITE.
YOUR LIABILITY IF YOU CAUSE A TECHNICAL DISRUPTION OF THE SITE OR THE SYSTEMS TRANSMITTING THE SITE TO YOU OR OTHERS YOU AGREE TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, COSTS AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES) ARISING FROM THAT DISRUPTION.
Submissions to PartyLite and Affiliated Servers Any information, including but not limited to remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other submissions, communicated to PartyLite through this website is the exclusive property of PartyLite. PartyLite is entitled to use any information submitted for any purpose, without restriction or compensation to the person sending the submission. Creating Your AccountIf you create an account on this website, you agree to provide, maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration processes. You will not misrepresent your identity, including, for example, by using another person’s username, password or other account information. You also agree to promptly notify us of any unauthorized use of your username, password, other account information, or any other breach of security that you become aware of involving or relating to this website.
User Contributions and Content Standards
The website may contain message boards, feedback posts, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, forums, bulletin boards, and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow users to post, submit, publish, display, or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, “post”) content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through the website. Any and all User Contributions you post to the site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any User Contribution on the website, you grant us and our affiliates the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. You represent and warrant that you own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant the license granted above to us and our affiliates, and you understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not PartyLite, have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness.
PartyLite is not responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of the website, and you agree that you will defend, indemnify, and hold PartyLite harmless from any claim or lawsuit resulting from User Contributions posted by you or anyone acting on your behalf.
We have the right to: (i) remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion; (ii) take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion; disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy; (iii) take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the website; and (iv) terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the website for any or no reason. Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the website.
YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS PARTYLITE FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY US DURING, OR TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF, INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER PARTYLITE OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not: (i) contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable; (ii) promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age; infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person; (iii) violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations; (iv) be likely to deceive any person; (v) promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote, or assist any unlawful act; (vi) impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization; or (vii) involve (without our consent) commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, and other sales promotions, barter, or advertising or otherwise give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
We cannot and do not undertake to review material before it is posted on the website, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described herein.
Linking to the Website and Social Media Features
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part, without our express written consent.
This website may provide certain social media features that enable you to: (i) link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this website; (ii) send emails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this website; or (iii) cause limited portions of content on this website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party sites. You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with, and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features.
Subject to the foregoing, you must not: (i) establish a link from any website that is not owned by you; (ii) cause the website or portions of it to be displayed on, or appear to be displayed by, any other site, for example, framing, deep linking, or in-line linking; or (iii) link to any part of the website other than the homepage; or, otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these terms and conditions. The website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the Content Standards set out herein. You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to stop. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Arbitration
PartyLite makes no representation that this website or information contained therein is appropriate or available for use outside the United States or Canada. All matters relating to the website and these terms and conditions, and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Massachusetts without regard to any choice or conflict of law principle. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these terms and conditions or the website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of Massachusetts, although we retain the right to bring any suit, action, or proceeding against you for breach of these terms and conditions in your country of residence if other than the US, or any other relevant country. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
PartyLite may in its sole discretion require you to submit any disputes arising from these terms and conditions or use of the website, including disputes arising from or concerning their interpretation, violation, invalidity, non-performance, or termination, to final and binding arbitration under the Rules of Arbitration of the American Arbitration Association applying Massachusetts law.
ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES; OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver by PartyLite of any term or condition set out in these terms and conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of PartyLite to assert a right or provision under these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these terms and conditions is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the terms and conditions will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
These terms and conditions constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and PartyLite regarding the website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding the website.
Changes to these Terms PartyLite reserves the right, at our complete discretion, to change these terms and conditions at any time by posting revised terms on the site. It is your responsibility to periodically check for any changes PartyLite may make to these terms and conditions. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms or other policies means you accept the changes.
Information About You and Your Visits to the Website
All information we collect on this site is subject to our Privacy Policy, which is accessible at the link on the footer of this webpage. By using our site, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
For Additional Information If you have any questions about the rights and restrictions above, please email PartyLite at infona@partylite.com or write to us at PartyLite, Inc., 600 Cordwainer Dr, Norwell, MA 02061.
Get in on the Good Times!
We love making new friends. Sign Up for Candle Connection emails and be the first to receive our special offers. Plus, get 15% off your first Online Order!
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Loading...
Copyright © 2020 PartyLite