http://www.vista-control.com/privacy_policy.html
Vsystem
Features
Architecture
Benefits
Open Interface
Operating System Choice
Android & Web Connections
Products
Vaccess
Vdraw
Valarm
Vlogger
Vtrend
Vscript
Scanners
Solutions
Integrated Video
Security Applications
Simulation, Training and Complex Control
Corporate
About Us
Contact Us
Request Information
News
Privacy Policy
Partners
Partners
Integrators
Support
Patches
Maintenance Policy
Request New Software Key
Transfer Existing Licenses
Report Problem
Documentation
Training
HomeCorporate
About Vista Control Systems
Contact Us
Request Information
News
Privacy Policy
Vista Control System's Privacy Policy
Personally identifiable information of yours that we collect and how we use it.
Vista collects personal information, including your name, address and contact information, to be used in replying to
your requests for information, and license transactions.
We also collect information to support your license requests,
such as purchase order numbers and machine identifiers.
None of the information we collect is shared with a third party.
General information we collect about visits made to our web site.
We subscribe to a statistical subscription service which provides us with general information about those who
visit our site.
This information is used to determine trends and help us understand the traffic we see.
Your
IP address may be part of the information collected.
It is sometimes possible to determine the domain that
originated the contact.
No personally identifiable information is collected by this service.
Disclosure of your information.
Vista does not disclose your information to third parties.
However, we cooperate with law enforcement
inquiries and other third parties to enforce laws, intellectual property and other rights.
Local and international
law enforcement agents can request and may receive your personally identifiable information.
Usernames and passwords.
We may provide you with a username and password so you can retrieve patches and enhancements to our software,
or other data, as appropriate.
You may not disclose your username and password to third parties except as noted
below.
If your username and password become compromised, you should immediately contact us and ask for a new
username and password.
You may share the username and password you use for access to our software patches and enhancements with colleagues
in your company who have a current Vsystem maintenance agreement.
If those colleagues work in a division that uses
Vsystem but does not have a current maintenance agreement, you may not share your username and password with them.
In no case is your username and password to be shared with individuals outside your company.
Software you download from our web or ftp sites.
Software and documentation you download from our web or ftp sites is covered by the Vista Control Systems License Agreement.
Entire website - Copyright ©
2016 - 2020 Vista Control Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Information in this web site is subject to change without notice.
® Vista Control Systems, Inc., the Vista logo, and Vsystem are registered trademarks of Vista Control
Systems, Inc.
Vdraw, Vaccess, Vgen, Vlogger, Valarm, Vscript, Vscan, and
Vczar are trademarks of Vista Control Systems, Inc.
Use of this web site indicates you have read the Vista Privacy Policy
and accept the uses and restrictions described therein.
Site hosted by bluehost