http://www.gaport.com/company/privacy.htm
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This site is owned and operated by Georgia Portable Buildings, Inc.
Corporate Business Office: 11281 Veterans Memorial Hwy, Douglasville, GA 30134
Office: 770-942-6367
Fax: 770-942-4655
For each visitor to our web site, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain (IP address), but not the email address.
Cookies
With respect to cookies, we do not set any cookies.
Email
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by visiting our contact page. We never make the email addresses of those who access our site available to other organizations of any kind (reputable or disreputable) or those who offer outside products. In other words, we never share your email address with third parties, certainly not without your consent. Nothing invisible is going on. When your email address is entered on our order forms, it is 128-bit encrypted through a Secure Socket Layer (check for https in the address bar of the browser window, and padlock next to it in the top left corner of the browser window).
Advertising and Spam
With respect to advertising &/or spam do not rent or sell your email address or SPAM you in any way. Georgia Portable Buildings. does not believe in and never uses newsletters and will never contact you again in the future with any sales ads or unsolicited newsletters. We never SPAM you or hit your inbox with unsolicited mail (SPAM) because you have visited our site. You may verify this for yourself by visiting our site statistics through McAfee© SiteAdvisor™.
Mailing Addresses
If you supply us with your postal address online, you will only receive the information from us for which you provided us your address.
Telephone Communication
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us including information regarding orders they have: inquired about, orders they have placed or for information they have requested online.
Ad Servers
Ad Servers are designed to try and bring you offers that are of interest to you. Periodically, we may have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our website. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward, where applicable. Upon request, we provide site visitors/consumers with access to transaction information (e.g., dates on which consumers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information, post-verification, via our contact page.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, order information, financial information and other information provided by visitors. Consumers can access this information, post-verification, via our contact page.
Security
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we direct and/or redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors either by email or through the third party server (i.e. PayPal) during a payment process with data encryption. A notification process will take place that a secure transaction is occurring and will request the user's permission to do so. (Please click here for more regarding SSL encryption—above).
Legal
You may only use the information, text or graphics contained in this site for personal viewing use and may not reproduce, adapt or publish it, in whole or in part, for any purpose without the express written consent of Georgia Portable Buildings. NO names, and/or logos (and most images) may be used, screen-captured, hard copied, downloaded, published, copied, scanned, coded or distributed in any way. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy please contact us. If the violation is not corrected you may contact The DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices.
© 1999-2020 All Rights Reserved.
Privacy
Terms of Service
Bookmark this page
Scroll