https://www.ameribev.org/privacy/
Skip to Main Content
Skip to site alert
Home
Privacy
Privacy Policy
The following policies guide us in managing this Web site (the “site”). Any page designed to gather information about users must link to this privacy policy.
What personal information do we gather from those who visit this site?
Information gathered automatically. When you browse our Web site, you do so anonymously. Generic information from server logs is used to track the number of hits to the site and to find out what types of browser software and operating systems visitors use. The American Beverage Association will use this information only in aggregate form and solely for improving Web site performance, usability and design.
Information you provide to us. On various screens of our Web site, you have an opportunity to provide information to us about yourself. These include:
Comments and feedback through our contact form, if available
Requests for specific documents, reports, surveys, and articles that are present or highlighted on the Web site
NOTE:
The forms on our site enable you to submit your information to the American Beverage Association via e-mail, and the American Beverage Association will respond to your inquiries by e-mail or phone. The security of e-mail communications cannot be assured.
Requests for Specific Documents
When you request a document from the American Beverage Association Web site, you provide your e-mail address. Any information we obtain from you, including your e-mail address, will not be shared with third parties.
Under no circumstances will we sell your e-mail address or other personal information to a third party.
Information about Your Initiatives
If you use our contact information to tell us about what you’re doing at a local, national, or international level, you thereby give us permission to use your information on the Web site, in e-mail updates, and in other communications from the American Beverage Association.
Contacting Us
Comments or questions can be directed to the American Beverage Association by using our contact information. We will respond to reasonable requests (as determined by American Beverage Association staff) for information as rapidly as possible, subject to both our discretion and legal limitations.
You may write to us at:
American Beverage Association
1275 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Suite 1100,
Washington, DC 20004
Read our Terms & Conditions.
Site Navigation
About Us
Expand Navigation
Our Mission & History
Board of Directors
ABA Team
Partner Associations
American Beverage Foundation
Contact Us
Initiatives & Advocacy
Expand Navigation
Promoting Balanced Lifestyles
Creating Sustainable Solutions
Protecting Consumer Choice & Freedom
Education & Resources
Expand Navigation
ABA Blog and News
Policies & Research
Beverage Dictionary
Industry Events
Trade Publications
Member Resources
Our Members
Expand Navigation
Join Us
Member Directory
Member Resources
Online Buyers Guide
Secondary Navigation
Become A Member
Member Directory
ABA Blog
Member Resources
In extraordinary times, America's food & beverage manufacturers, suppliers, distributors and retailers are #HereForYou.Learn How