http://www.power-pole.com/privacy-security/
Power-Pole - Total Boat Control
Sign In
My account
Find a Dealer
Intl Distributors
813.689.9932
Privacy & Security
Privacy Statement
JL Marine Systems, Inc. has established its Privacy Policy in respect of the confidence its clientele places in it and in conformity with high standards of data protection to which it is committed.
Any personal information you, as a User, make available to JL Marine Systems, Inc. is done so voluntarily, with your knowledge and consent when making a request, submission or registration for services from JL Marine Systems, Inc.. Registration forms contain both mandatory fields (indicated with an asterisk (*)) and non-mandatory fields; if you choose not to complete the mandatory fields then JL Marine Systems, Inc. may not be able to respond to your request or activate your option choices.
Personal information provided by you on the registration form will be made accessible to duly authorized JL Marine Systems, Inc. personnel and occasionally to persons or companies who carry out internal operations in relation to our business. All such persons are subject to confidentiality agreements and the respect of your privacy. The personal information made available by you will be used to provide the requested services and may be used both for marketing research purposes relating to JL Marine Systems, Inc.'s business and to provide information relating to its products and events.
Furthermore, JL Marine Systems, Inc. uses cookies, a small data file that is temporarily stored on your computer hard disk. JL Marine Systems, Inc. uses these cookies to collect and analyze non-personally identifiable data relating to use of its Web Site, for example number of visitors and where they come from.
Other than as stated above, JL Marine Systems, Inc. will not use your personal data for unsolicited communications and we do not sell, rent or otherwise make available any personal data submitted to us to any third parties unless it is to our legal advisors or where so required by law or a court decision. JL Marine Systems, Inc. will use its best endeavors to ensure that such data is kept secure at all times.
In all cases and on request, JL Marine Systems, Inc. will remove your personal information from its database thereby canceling your registration to any of the JL Marine Systems, Inc. services. You are also advised that upon written request you may examine your personal data and/or request that information about you be corrected, amended or deleted.
To help us keep your information up to date, please let us know of any changes. If you have registered for an e-mail service you no longer wish to receive, you can opt-out through an automated service by following the instructions at the end of the e-mail.
All requests relating to your personal data as well as any request to cancel your registration for services offered by JL Marine Systems, Inc. should be e-mailed to:
JL Marine Systems Inc. 9010 Palm River Rd. Tampa Florida 33619
From time to time, JL Marine Systems, Inc. may amend this Privacy Policy in accordance with modified legislative obligations. Our Privacy Policy can be consulted at any time from our website at JL Marine Systems, Inc. trusts that its Privacy Policy demonstrates its commitment to managing your personal data in accordance with current legislative obligations in such a way as to fully protect your privacy.
tent-icon
Learn how to control everything with the NEW C-Monster app for smartphones and tablets. Learn More
chat
usmapiconFind a Dealer
Captains Cash Rewards
Sign In
Be Social
For instant success, just add water and the new Micro Anchor
Learn More
Product Registration
Partners
Power-Pole Down Song
Contact
Career Opportunities
Privacy & Security
Terms Of Use
International Distributors
Locate Serial Number
2020 All Rights Reserved.
Power-Pole U.S. Patent No. 6,041,730