http://www.timeclocks.com.au/privacy.php
home
time clocks
cloud based
electronic / pc based / fingerprint
job costing
self calculating
time recorders / bundy clocks
time and date stamps
time signal control / smoko timers
discontinued models
time cards
attendance / payroll
job costing
swipe / proximity
accessories
audible devices
backup batteries
card racks / badge racks
miscellaneous
ribbon cartridges
spare parts / keys
user manuals
brands
we accept
feedback
"WOW!!.Fantastic service!!Order received and ribbon installed, all in 24hrs from ordering.Great Company.  Thank you."DS - Smithfield, NSW
Privacy Policy
home
privacy policy
Privacy policy
This privacy statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
1.  Collecting information on visitors
Time Clocks Australia Pty Ltd collects information on our site visitors collectively including which sections of the site are most frequently visited, how often and for how long.  This data is always used as aggregated, non-personal information.  We utilise this information to improve and enhance our services by monitoring the areas on the site which are most popular to you.  This aggregated information may be shared with our partners to provide them with an overview of how our visitors use the site.  This is done for the purposes of providing you with a more efficient site.
IP Addresses
Time Clocks Australia Pty Ltd's web servers gather your IP address to assist with the diagnosis of problems or support issues with our services.  Information is gathered in aggregate only and cannot be traced to an individual user.
Cookies
Cookies are used to store your shopping experience and are a way of monitoring single user access.  This aggregate, non-personal information is collated and provided to us to assist in analysing the usage of the site.
2.  Collecting information on customers
As part of purchasing from Time Clocks Australia Pty Ltd, we collect personal information about you.  To do this, it may be necessary for you to provide additional information to us such as your name, address, telephone and facsimile numbers, email address, place of business and credit card details.
3.  Credit card details
Credit Card details are only stored for the processing of payment and will be deleted once payment is processed.
4.  Email communications
As part of the purchasing process, Time Clocks Australia Pty Ltd will send email correspondence to you.  We may also make you aware of additional products and services which form part of your relationship with us.
5.  SMS communications
If you provide your mobile telephone number as part of the purchasing process, Time Clocks Australia Pty Ltd will send sms correspondence to you.
6.  Storage and security of personal information
Time Clocks Australia Pty Ltd takes all reasonable steps to ensure the security of our system.  Any information which we hold for you is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities.
In addition, our employees and the contractors who provide services related to our information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by Time Clocks Australia Pty Ltd.  However, we will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access of your personal information.
7.  External links
Time Clocks Australia Pty Ltd provides links to third party sites.  The use of your information by these third party sites is not within our control and we cannot accept responsibility for the conduct of these companies.
8.  Feedback
Time Clocks Australia Pty Ltd welcomes ideas and feedback about all aspects of this site and our services.  We do store this feedback that users send to us.
In some instances you may provide comments to us regarding our services.  These comments may be displayed on our website to other users.  If you do not wish for your comments to be displayed, please email help@timeclocks.com.au and we will remove your comments.
9.  Privacy and site changes
Time Clocks Australia Pty Ltd may review and update its privacy statement from time to time.  Revised versions will be updated on this website.