https://www.edithouse.ie/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern our relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please refrain from further use of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use: The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only and is subject to change without notice. You should check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
About Edithouse
Edithouse.ie is a website operated by Edithouse. We have an office in Greystones, Co. Wicklow - contact details can be found on our contact page.
Information about you
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing.
We use cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data through cookies for the purposes set out in our cookie policy.
Your use of this website
We do not provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, logo and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and / or be a criminal offence.
Scroll To Top