http://www.gosiger.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Gosiger Web Site Privacy Statement
The privacy, confidence, and trust of individuals who visit Gosiger web site are important to us. No personal information is collected at this site unless it is provided voluntarily by an individual while participating in an activity that asks for the information. The following paragraphs disclose the information gathering and usage practices for the web site.
Collection of Information
Gosiger only collects the personal information that is necessary to provide the information or services requested by an individual. "Personal information" refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who is the subject of the information. This is the same information that an individual might provide when visiting our office and it includes such items as an individual's name, address, or phone number. We also collect statistical information that helps us understand how people are using the web site so we can continually improve our services. The information collected is not associated with any specific individual and no attempt is made to profile individuals who browse the web site.
Use of Information
Gosiger uses the collected information to respond appropriately to requests. This may be to respond directly to you or to improve the web site. E-mail or other information requests sent to Gosiger may be retained for future use by Gosiger.
Cookies
Cookies are short and simple text files that are stored on a user's computer hard drive by web sites. They are used to keep track of and store information so the user does not have to supply the information multiple times. The information that is collected through cookies at this site is handled in the same manner as other information collected here. You can configure your web browser to refuse cookies or to notify you when a web site attempts to send you a cookie. You can also check your hard drive for cookie files and delete them from your computer.
Web Site Security
Gosiger is committed to the security of the information that is either available from or collected by this web site. Gosiger has taken multiple steps to safeguard the integrity of its telecommunications and computing infrastructure, including but not limited to, authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption.
Links to Other SitesThis web site may have links to other web sites.  Gosiger is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites and suggests you review their privacy statements.
Under 13 / children
Gosiger will not knowingly collect information about persons under the age of 13 without prior parental consent. If you are under the age of 13 you must ask a parent or guardian for help.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
Gosiger site is provided on an "AS IS," "as available" basis. Neither Gosiger nor its affiliates, subsidiaries, or designees nor each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors or the like (collectively, "associates") warrant that use of Gosiger site will be uninterrupted or error-free. Neither Gosiger nor its associates warrant the accuracy, integrity or completeness of the content provided on Gosiger site or the products or services offered for sale on Gosiger site. Further, Gosiger makes no representation that content provided on Gosiger site is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the United States. Gosiger specifically disclaims warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. No oral advice or written information given by Gosiger, nor its associates, shall create a warranty. You expressly agree that use of Gosiger site is at your sole risk.
Under no circumstances shall Gosiger or its associates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use Gosiger site, including but not limited to reliance by a user on any information obtained at Gosiger site, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of God, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to Gosiger records, programs or services. The foregoing Limitation of Liability shall apply whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, even if an authorized representative of Gosiger has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages. User hereby acknowledges that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise and services available through Gosiger site. Because some states do not allow the exclusion or Limitation of Liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Errors will be corrected where discovered, and Gosiger reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions.
While Gosiger takes steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of product and third-party services provided, please refer to the originator of information for details, for example the manufacturer and/or web site for complete details.
Search
Stay Current
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram
Back to Top