http://www.franzcpas.com/pages/content/privacy.html
Home
Our Team
Industries Served
Ask a Question
Services
QuickBooks ProAdvisors
Track Your Refund
Directions & Location
Contact Us
Privacy Policy of FRANZ CPAs, Inc.
Your Privacy is Important to Us
We highly value your trust and confidence in us, and we want to assure you that your personal information is kept completely confidential by us. As a Certified Public Accounting firm and a member of The Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants, we adhere to the highest level of professional ethical responsibility and obligations to protect the confidentially of all client information.
The law requires us (along with banks, brokerage houses, and other financial institutions) to disclose our Privacy Policy to you - which we are more than happy to do. We hope that by taking a few moments to read it, you will have a better understanding of what we do with the information you provide us and how we keep it private and secure.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
In order to meet your needs in the course of tax return preparation, tax and financial planning, and tax engagements for you, we collect various types of personal information about you from interviews and phone calls with you, letters or e-mails from you, and tax return organizers.
Is Personal Information Shared with Others?
We do not disclose personal information about our clients to anyone, except as permitted by law. This may include sharing your information to comply with a validly issued and enforceable subpoena or summons. It may also include disclosing your information in the course of a review of our firm's practices under the authorization of a state or national licensing board. Additionally, it may include disclosing your information to nonaffiliated third parties who perform services or functions for us in conjunction with our services to you, but only if we have a contractual agreement with the other party which prohibits them from disclosing or using the information other than for the purposes for which it was disclosed. For example, we may engage a records-retention agency to store prior year records.
How Do We Protect the Confidentiality and Security of Your Personal Information?
Except as otherwise described in this notice, we restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to employees of our firm and other parties who must use that information to provide services to you. Their right to further disclose and use the information is limited by the policies of our firm, applicable law, our Code of Professional Conduct, and nondisclosure agreements where appropriate. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to guard your personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or premature destruction.
Our Pledge to You
As Certified Public Accountants, our professional ethical obligations and responsibilities have always demanded no less than the highest regard and duties toward the confidentiality of your personal information and the security of your privacy. We will protect your personal information, use it appropriately, and accomplish your engagements with us in such a manner so as to always maintain your trust and confidence in us.
Office:
8370 E. Kemper Road
Cincinnati, OH 45249
Phone: (513) 489-4848
Fax: (513) 489-4856
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Accessibility Policy