https://www.marshall-tufflex.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Home » Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies – by using the site you consent to the use of cookies.
What is a Cookie?
Information may be sent to your computer in the form of an internet “cookie” to allow our servers to monitor your requirements. The cookie is stored on your computer. Our server may request that your computer return a cookie to it.
These return cookies do not contain any information supplied by you or any personally identifiable information about you.
Such measures are necessary to allow Marshall-Tufflex to measure the usability of the systems, which will help to continually improve user experience of our websites. Your browser software should however enable you to block cookies if you wish to. For more information about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting or Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests they are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
Google Analytics
Marshall-Tufflex uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics collects first party cookies, which are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour. This information is sent to Google and is used to evaluate how our website is being used. This enables Marshall-Tufflex to compile statistical reports. A full list of cookies used by Google Analytics and explanations on how these work are available on the Google code website.
Marshall-Tufflex does not collect (nor allow any third party to collect) personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered with any personally identifying information. We will not link or seek to link an IP address with the identity of a computer user. In short, google analytics doesn’t identify who you are, but it does track your movements on our websites.
YouTube Cookies
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode.
Read more at YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
How to Disable Cookies
You can stop cookies being downloaded on to your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
There is more information about cookies, including how to delete them on the website aboutcookies.org. You may also opt out of being tracked by google analytics.
Consent
By using our website you consent to collection and use of any information you provide to us by Marshall-Tufflex for the purposes described above. If we amend our privacy notice, any changes will be published on this web site.
We use cookies on our website and provide information to enable users to make an informed decision whether they want to disable this feature. There are links on our terms and conditions and disclaimer pages that are in the footer of every web page pointing to this information
We Use The Following Types of Cookie to Operate Our Website:
• cookies necessary for the optimal functionality of our website;
• analytical cookies to monitor the use and performance of our website; and
• third party cookies that are used for advertising and social media widgets.
What's New at Marshall-Tufflex
4 Dec 2020
Christmas closing, order and delivery arrangements
Read more
25 Nov 2020
Specification considerations to minimise risk of electrical fires
Read more
3 Nov 2020
We remain open for business and ready to help
Read more
26 Oct 2020
Marshall-Tufflex named UK Business Hero by British Chamber of Commerce
Read more
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Enter your details to receive updates from Marshall-Tufflex
Name*
Last
Company Name*Email*
Type of BusinessType of BusinessContractorDistributorSpecifierEnd User/ClientOtherLocationUKRest of the WorldConsent* I have read and agree to the privacy policy.*
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I AcceptPrivacy policy