http://www.lairdtech.com/terms
Skip to main content
These terms of use comprise an agreement between Laird Performance Materials (full details of which are listed below) and each of the visitors to our website (referred to as “you” or “your” in these terms).  All references to Laird Performance Materials in these terms of use include (where applicable) Laird Performance Materials' officers, employees, consultants authorized agents and sub-contractors and references to “Laird Performance Materials,” “our”, “we” and “us” means Laird Performance Materials.  References to “including” and “include” mean including or include without limitation.
This website is provided to enable you to find out more about our business, review our strategies, find out more about the Laird Performance Materials and view performance information and market commentary.
In consideration of our making available this website for your use, you agree that by accessing this website you accept the following terms of use.
THIS CONTRACT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION WHICH MAY BE ENFORCED BY THE PARTIES. This agreement requires the use of binding arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions, and also limits the remedies available to you in the event of a dispute.
Who We Are
This website is controlled by Laird Performance Materials a company registered in China at 8 Pengfeng Rd, Songjiang Qu, Shanghai Shi, China.
If you wish to contact us in relation to this website, please email our Webmaster or write to us at the above address.  Full details of how to contact us for other reasons are given in the “Contact” section of this website.
V.A.T. Registration number: 710 83 32 66.
Terms of Use
These terms of use (including all disclaimers) apply to every page on this website and this website is made available to you subject to these terms of use.
By entering this website you accept these terms of use and confirm that you are eligible to read the documents on this website.  If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use this website.
We reserve the right to change these terms of use at any time by posting any changes on the website. The new terms will be effective immediately they are posted, and by continuing to use this website you agree to be bound by the most current version of these terms of use.
These terms of use were last updated on 23 April 2018.
User Registration
You may be required to register in order to access certain features of the website.  If so, you will choose or be assigned a user name and a password through the website’s registration process.  You are responsible for keeping your user name and password confidential.  You are responsible for all activities and purchases (whether by you or by others) that occur under your password and account.  You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breach of security.  We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to keep your account information protected.
By registering for an account on the website, you assert that your information is true and accurate to the best of your knowledge.  You agree not to submit false information such as name, address, state or country of residence, email, social media addresses, and/or telephone number when registering on the website.  By registering with the website, you consent to receive periodic communication from and its affiliates, employees, agents, representatives and any third party service provider of regarding your inquiry and/or obtaining the services.  For more information in how may use the information you provide during registration or otherwise provide to, please see the Privacy and Cookies Statement.
Intellectual Property
This website and all of the related pages including all content, software, code, graphics or other material contained in or electronically distributed via this website is owned by us or licensed to us and is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary or intellectual property rights or laws (“Website IP”).  Except as otherwise expressly permitted under these terms of use, you agree that you are not entitled to, and you shall not, use any Website IP without our prior written consent.  The domain name pm.lairdtech.com is registered to Laird Performance Materials.
Except to the extent your content or communications to Laird Performance Materials include personal data, by forwarding any content or communications to Laird Performance Materials through the website or by other electronic means, you thereby grant Laird Performance Materials a perpetual, royalty-free, world-wide, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, redistribute, and display such content and communications in any form for the purposes of providing the Services and any purpose tangentially related to the Services.   No compensation will be paid to you with respect to Laird Performance Materials' or its sublicensees' use of your communications.   Laird Performance Materials is under no obligation to post or use any content and communications you may provide and may remove any content or communication from a forum at any time in Laird Performance Materials' sole discretion.  By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting content, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your submitted content and communications as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the content and communications and grant the license above.
Copyright and Use of Material
We recognize that when you obtain access to this website, your computer downloads a copy of the materials on it.  Unless stated otherwise on, or in respect of, any given page of this website, you are hereby permitted to so download and display the content of this website and print, or store in electronic form (but not on a server or other network enabled device), individual pages from it for your personal use only, and not for any commercial purpose whatsoever.  You are responsible for acting in compliance at all times with all applicable copyright laws.
In particular, notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 4 above, you may not do any of the following without obtaining prior written permission from us:
1. redistribute, modify, adapt or vary any of the content of this website.
2. remove any copyright or trade mark notices from any copies of the content of this website; or
3. create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically downloading (electronically or manually) and storing all or any of the content of this website.
Prohibited activities.
The following activities are expressly prohibited from the website:
Using or submitting any offensive content including, but not limited to, obscene language, obscene references, obscene images, threatening or harassing messages, discriminatory actions, messages, or images, and defamatory statements;
Posting false, misleading, or fraudulent statements or content;
Engaging in activity that is unauthorized advertisements or promotions, including unauthorized solicitation of other users of the website;
Collecting personal information of other users of the website without that user’s consent;
Engaging in activity that compromises the website, such activity may include, but is not limited to hacking, IP attacks, worms, viruses, spamming, phishing, cancel bots, Trojan horses, and mail bombing or crashing;
Engaging in any activity designed to impede the use of the website by other users, including overloading and flooding;
Framing or deep linking into the website; and
Accessing the website by means of automated process, spiders, bots or similar device.
Links to Third Party sites
This website may from time to time contain links to websites or resources owned and controlled by third parties, which are not under our control.  You may choose to access such websites or resources at you sole discretion.   We do not make any representation or warranty in respect of these websites or resources (including as to their accuracy, completeness or security).  If you choose to access these websites or resources you do so entirely at your own risk and we accept no liability arising out of your access to, or use of, them.  The links are provided for your convenience and any such link does not imply endorsement by us of the relevant website or resource, nor does it imply that there is any association between us and the operators of them.
Warranties
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF USE, LAIRD PERFORMANCE MATERIALS AND G3D (ON ITS OWN BEHALF) SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES (INCLUDING WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO AVAILABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS) WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEBSITE AND ANY CONTENT, FUNCTIONALITY, SERVICES OFFERED, SUPPLIED OR MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH IT (WHETHER OR NOT BY US OR A THIRD PARTY).
Information included within this website (including any expression of opinion or forecast) has been derived from sources believed by us to be reliable. As information posted on this website is current only as at the date it is first posted, it may not be true or complete when viewed by you. We use reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that the content of this website is up to date and accurate. However, we are providing the website on an “as is, as available” basis.  We do not represent or warrant (and hereby exclude to the extent permitted by law any warranty which may otherwise be implied) that this website and/or its contents are up to date, accurate, reliable, complete, timely, uninterrupted or secure, nor that the website operates without error nor that it will be free from viruses or other harmful elements nor suitable for your required purposes, whether or not you have previously told us what that purpose is.  We will not be responsible for, or have any liability to you for, losses or damages (whether direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special or otherwise) arising in any way for errors or omissions in, or the use of or reliance upon this website and or any of its contents.
Use of Information
You agree that we may collect, store and use information about you and your use of this website in accordance with our Privacy and Cookies Statement.
Limitation of Liability
This paragraph sets out our entire liability (including any liability for the acts and omissions of our officers, employees, consultants, authorized agents and sub-contractors) to you in connection with this website and for any breach of these terms of use, breach of statue, representation, statement or tortious act (including negligence) or omission arising under or in connection with the website and these terms of use (an “event of default”) AND YOUR ATTENTION IS IN PARTICULAR DRAWN TO THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS:
Our liability to you for death or personal injury resulting from our gross negligence, or for fraud or fraudulent concealment, shall not be limited or excluded;
We shall not be liable whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise to you or any other person for any claims, losses, costs, expenses, demands or damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use of, or the inability to make use of, this website or any part of the same or its contents (including any direct, indirect, incidental or consequential losses, any loss of profits, income, goodwill, data or any losses arising out of or in connection with any business interruption or viruses) and whether or not we have been advised of the possibility of such claims, losses, costs, expenses, demands or damages to the fullest extent permitted by law;
None of the above provisions shall affect any statutory rights which are not capable of being excluded (including rights under any applicable consumer protection legislation), however, in such case our obligation, where permitted by law, will be limited to the re-supply of the relevant content or service to you;
None of the above provisions shall confer any right or remedy upon you to which you would not otherwise be legally entitled;
We shall not be liable to you for any breach of these terms of use or any failure to provide or delay in providing our services through this website resulting from any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control including strikes, lock outs and other industrial disputes, breakdown of systems or network access, fire, explosion or accident; and
Laird Performance Materials aggregate liability to you related to your use of the services shall be one-hundred dollars ($100).
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify and keep us indemnified fully against all liabilities, damages, claims, losses, costs and expenses whatsoever, which we suffer or incur as a result of your breach of these terms of use.
Information; no offer or solicitation
The content of this website is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to buy or sell, or amount to a solicitation or incitement of offer to buy or sell, any securities in Laird Performance Materials in any jurisdiction in which such distribution or offers is not authorized to any person: it does not constitute financial, legal, accounting or tax advice to any user and should not be relied upon as such.
No investment advice is offered or given by us to persons accessing information on this website; consequently, we recommend that prospective investors should seek appropriate advice from their own professional advisers before making any investment decision.
Any reference to any product or service which has been or may be provided by Laird Performance Materials does not amount to a promise that such product or service will be available at any time.  Changes or improvements in such products or services may be made at any time without notice.
The distribution of the information contained on this website in certain other jurisdictions may be restricted by law and, accordingly, persons who access it are required to inform themselves of and to comply with any such restrictions. You should proceed into this website only if you have satisfied yourself that the country in which you are based imposes no prohibitions or restrictions on the distribution of the promotional material on this website.
The download or distribution of the information contained in this website may be restricted by law and persons who access it are required to inform themselves and comply with any such restrictions.
Past performance
The past performance of Laird Performance Materials or any other company referred to on the website cannot be relied upon as a guide to its future performance. The price of shares and the income derived from them can go down as well as up and investors may not recoup the amount originally invested.
14.Forward-Looking Statements
The Materials in our Services may contain various forward-looking statements which may be based on or include assumptions concerning operations, future results and prospects of Laird Performance Materials.
These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risk and uncertainties.
In connection with the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States’ Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we provide the following cautionary statement identifying important economic, political and technology factors which, among others, could cause the actual results or events to differ materially from those set forth or implied by the forward-looking statements and related assumptions. Such factors include without limitation the following: (i) changes in the current and future business environment, including interest rates and capital and consumer spending; (ii) competitive factors and competitor responses to our initiatives; (iii) successful development and market introductions of anticipated products; (iv) changes in government laws and regulations, including taxes; (v) unstable governments and business conditions in emerging economies; and (vi) continuation of the favorable environment to make acquisitions, domestic and foreign, including regulatory requirements and market values of candidates.
Advertising and sponsorship
Part of the website may contain advertising and sponsorship. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that materials submitted for inclusion on the website comply with international and national law. We are not liable for any error or inaccuracy in advertising material that does not originate from Laird Performance Materials.
Copyright Complaints
Laird Performance Materials respects the intellectual property of others.  If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Laird Performance Materials' copyright agent with the following information.
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
Description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
The location on the website of the material that you claim is infringing;
Your address, telephone number and e-mail address;
A statement that your claim of infringement is based on a good faith belief; and
A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information you have provided is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Laird Performance Materials' copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on the website can be reached as follows:
Laird Performance Materials
Attn: Online Manager
8 Pengfeng Rd, Songjiang Qu, Shanghai Shi, China
Or: web.master@pm.lairdtech.com or write to us at the above address.  Our full contact details are given in the “Contact” section of this website.
Access to this website
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to deny you access to our website or any part of our website without notice and to decline to provide our website and services to any user that is in breach of these terms of use. Any rights which have accrued to you or us at the date of termination will remain enforceable after termination.
Updating your details
If any of the information that you have provided to Laird Performance Materials changes, for example if you change your email or postal address, name or other information, please let us know the correct details by sending an email to our Webmaster or by sending a letter to 8 Pengfeng Rd, Songjiang Qu, Shanghai Shi, China.
Risk of transmission
You should be aware that the internet is not a completely secure or reliable transmission medium and may accordingly give rise to higher risk of manipulation or attempted fraud.
We accept no liability for any data transmission errors such as data loss or damage or alteration of any kind, including, but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential damage, arising out of the use of the products or services referred to herein. We do not accept any liability in relation to the confidentiality or security of email communication.
Views/commentary
Views and opinions expressed in this website cannot be taken as fact. The commentary provided by Laird Performance Materials is based on currently available information and on certain assumptions which may be subject to change without notice.
Severance
If any of these terms of use is held by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any of the remaining terms of use.
Waiver
If we do not exercise any right under the terms of this agreement then that shall not constitute a waiver of that right.
Applicable law; Jurisdiction; and ARBITRATION
These terms of use (including their formation), your use of this website, its contents, and any downloads from it, (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature arising out of or in any way relating to any of the foregoing) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
You are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you are accessing this website.
Unless otherwise prohibited by law, you agree that disputes between you and Laird Performance Materials will be resolved by binding arbitration and you waive your right to participate in class action lawsuits or class-wide arbitration.
Third Parties
To the extent that this website is published or hosted by a third party on our behalf, such third party will not be responsible for the accuracy of its contents.