http://www.obermeyer.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Effective date:  July 1, 2020
This policy details how Sport Obermeyer, Ltd. collects, uses, and shares information collected through mail, wholesale accounts, and Obermeyer.com.
Information for California Residents Only
This section supplements the information contained in this Service Privacy, applying solely to visitors, users, and others who are residents of the State of California.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS - ADDITIONAL RIGHTS UNDER California Consumer Privacy Act
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, and purchase products on our site.
The below summarizes the types of information we may collect and use for our own business purposes:
Name, email, address, phone number, payment information, and cookies.
Purchasing history or tendencies.
Browsing history, search history, interactions with our website and online ads, user generated and submitted content.
Geo-location information.
You may visit our site anonymously.
How do we share this information?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information with the exception of the following circumstances:
To companies who provide services on our behalf such as credit card processing.
To trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
What do we use this information for?
The information we collect is only used by Sport Obermeyer Ltd. and its affiliates in any of the following ways:
INFORMATION:  Name, email, address, phone number, payment information, and cookies.  USE:  To enhance your brand experience by delivering content and presenting products that you may be interested in, to create your user account, to process, fulfill, and delivery orders and marketing materials to you, and to provide great customer service with regards to returns, warranty, and repairs.
INFORMATION:  Purchasing history or tendencies.  USE:  To enhance your brand experience by delivering content and presenting products that you may be interested in based on your purchasing history.
INFORMATION:  Browsing history, search history, interactions with our website and online ads, user generated and submitted content.  USE:  To enhance you brand experience by delivering content and presenting products  that you are interested in, to improve and personalize your website experience, and to market to you products that you may be interested in based on your site interactions.
INFORMATION:  Geo-location information.  USE:  To enhance your brand experience by delivering content and presenting products that you may be interested in based on your location, and to estimate for you timing of delivery and shipping of products.
How do you control the collection of information?
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Upon receiving Emails:  If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, click on the unsubscribe button at the bottom.
At the time of placing an order:  When you place an order you have the option of checking out as a guest and you won't hear from us again, other than confirming processing and shipment of your orders.
Opting out:  Whenever we request your personal information you always have the option of opting out.
Internet Advertising
We work with third party digital marketing agencies that collect and analyze information about your activity on our site and purchasing behavior to deliver meaningful advertisements, content, and promotions relevant to our brand and in sync with your interests.  You may visit www.youradchoices.com, which is powered by the Digital Advertising Alliance, to take control over how information about your interests is used for relevant advertising.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your web browser, if you allow, that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. Credit card numbers are never stored on our server and all transactions are encrypted with the latest industry recommended SSL encryption protocols.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to ours.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.  This policy was last modified on September 10, 2020.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Sport Obermeyer
ATTN: eCommerce Department
115 AABC
Aspen, CO USA
1-800-525-4203
About
Who We Are
Our Reason for Being
Klaus Obermeyer
Environmental Stewardship
Our Brand Story
Authenticity
The Down Parka
Sustainability
Best Business Practices
Design Integrity
Distribution
Hydroelectric Power Generation
Our Home Office
Our People
Supply Chain Integrity
Warehousing
Sizing
Fit Guide
Women's Size Chart
Men's Size Chart
Teen Girls Size Chart
Teen Boys Size Chart
Teen Extended Sizing
Kids' Size Charts
Kids "I-Grow"
Glove Size Charts
Customer Service
Returns
Care
FAQ
Warranty & Repairs
Specialty Retail
News & Reviews
10 Life Lessons from Klaus Obermeyer
Outside Magazine
Evo
Cosmo Cute Ski Outfits
Trip savy
Women's Health
Popular Mechanics
Feed the habit
Daily Mom
Brit & Co
Huffington Post
Aspen – Ski Dream in the Rocky Mountains
Emily Reviews
Inc magazine
Popsugar
Shape
Trip Savy
Media Contact & PR
Technology
Waterproof Breathable Technology
HydroBlock™ System
Fusing Technology
Aquaguard® Waterproof Zippers
Interior Mesh Inserts
Full-Motion™ Articulation
CZV™ – Control Zone Ventilation
Body Mapping
Stretch fabrics
Stretch Insulation
Allied Down Insulation
Synthetic Insulation
Material Science
Interior Feature Array
Durability
Recco®
Faux Fur
Repreve®
Seamless Construction
Features
Kids' "I-Grow"
Snap Technology
Comfort Touch Points
Scratch-free Lens Cloth
Working Compass
Neck Gaiter
Interior Stretch Mesh Pocket
Stretch Thumbhole Inner Cuff
Safety Reflective
Interior Hem Drawcord
Snap-Away™ Powder Skirt
Hoods
Durability
Electronics Pocket
Swarovski Crystals
Privacy Policy