http://www.muirheadaerospace.com/privacypolicy
ONLINE STORE
AMETEK MRO »
ABOUT AMETEK MRO »
Divisions »
»
As one of the largest independent repair facilities in Europe, Muirhead Avionics offers an extensive range of avionics services including sales, repair, overhaul, modification and flight recorder transcription, all of which is backed with comprehensive engineering support and training facilities.
The breadth of services offered by Muirhead Avionics’ OEM approved repair facilities allows us to be a major supplier to many fixed and rotary wing operators worldwide. Our company’s capabilities cover navigation, communication, flight recorders, cockpit voice recorders, instrumentation and test equipment.
OEM approved repair station status and exclusive sales agreements allow Muirhead Avionics to offer extensive capabilities on a wide range of avionics systems, and our OEM trained technicians ensure that customers will always receive the highest level of service.
Products & Services
Aircraft Lighting
Flight Analysis
FDR & CVR Repair
Honeywell Skyforce
Radar Systems
Radio Nav Communication
Test Calibration
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Quality Awards / Certifications
Products & Services
Contact Us
Quality Awards / Certifications
AMETEK MRO maintains a vast array of MRO certifications across our 16 locations worldwide including AS9100, ISO9001, FAA, EASA and CAAC among others. These certifications are in some cases dependent on the location of our particular facility. Below is a listing and brief description of our locations where MRO repair and overhaul are performed. Please click the button below which will link you to the site’s web pages that include specific certifications maintained at this location.
AMETEK MRO is proud to have earned numerous industry awards for MRO service and support excellence. They serve as a testament to the dedication and hard work of our teams to go above and beyond in support of our customers and partners worldwide.
VIEW CERTIFICATIONS
VIEW AWARDS
Products & Services
Weather & Mission Radar
Instruments / Indicators
Flight Data and Cockpit Voice Recorder Analysis and Repair
Audio & Cockpit Control Panels
Honeywell Skyforce
Test Equipment Calibration
Ground Support Equipment
Navigation Aids
Component Management
Aircraft Lighting
Contact Us
AMETEK MRO Muirhead Avionics
3 The Square Heathrow
Southall Lane
Middlesex
UB2 5NH
United Kingdom
+44 (0)20 8571 3422
Sales: UK-SOU.muirheadavionics.sales@ametek.com
FDR: UK-SOU.fdr@ametek.com
AOG: +44 (0)7798 504717 or +44 (0)7889 925908
By continuing to use the site you agree to our privacy and cookie policy.
Ok
MacCMS
×