http://www.phoenixairsystems.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Please read our Privacy Policy.
We Respect Your Privacy This privacy policy was created to demonstrate our commitment to privacy.
Your data collected during visits to our site is processed by us confidentially.
By using our site or any associated domains (collectively, the "site"), you consent to the collection and use of this information by Specified Air Solutions LLC, its affiliates and subsidiaries, and each of their directors, officers, agents and employees thereof (collectively, the "Company").
This site may contain links to other internet sites maintained by third parties for your convenience only.
If you are linked to a third-party website, a new window will be opened.
Please note that when you click on one of these links, you may enter another website for which we have no responsibility.
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of all such sites as their policies may be materially different from this Privacy Policy and we are not responsible for third-party legal or privacy policies, nor for the processing of same.
Even if the new website uses the name or logo of the Company, the Company does not assume any liability for the performance, quality, accuracy, timelines, reliability or any other aspect of products or services on the websites.
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy as we deem appropriate, and we will update any changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Collection and Processing of Your Data When you visit our site, our Web server automatically records the name of your internet service provider, the website from which you visit us, the websites you actually visit and the date and length of your visit.
We may track usage patterns on our site and break down overall usage statistics according to a user's domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user's browser). The site may collect personal identifying information in several other ways including through registration forms, online request forms, order information, feedback forms or surveys.
We may use cookies and active components to follow the preferences of visitors to our site and optimize our websites accordingly. You can reset your browser either to notify you when you receive a cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. Please note that certain areas of most sites may not function properly if you reject a cookie.
Additional data is only stored if volunteered by you, for example, in the context of a registration, survey or during execution of a quote or order.
Use and Disclosure of Your Data and Purpose Specification We will use your data for the technical administration of the site, customer administration, product surveys and marketing, only to the extent necessary in each specific case.
The information we collect may be used to improve the content of our website, to notify consumers about updates to our website and for marketing purposes.
We may disclose your personal information to certain third parties if you consent to such disclosure.
Information may also be disclosed without your consent to companies and individuals employed to perform services on our behalf.
We will also disclose information without your consent if legally required to do so or if required or encouraged to do so by a governmental agency.
Finally, personal information we have collected may be passed on to a third party without your consent in the event of our transfer of ownership or assets or our bankruptcy.
Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose information on this site, such information can be collected and used by third parties.
This may result in unsolicited communications for which we are not liable.
Security While the Company uses security measures in order to protect the data we have under our control against manipulation, loss, destruction, access by unauthorized persons or against unauthorized disclosure, and while our security procedures are continually enhanced as new technology becomes available, we cannot guarantee that personally identifiable information which you submit on the site will be secure.
Children's Guidelines We do not knowingly collect or use any personal data from online visitors under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly allow visitors under the age of 13 to participate in any promotions or the like made available on our site from time to time.
Freedom of Choice We would like to use your data to inform you about our products and services and request your opinion, where applicable.
Naturally, your participation in such campaigns is voluntary.
Should you not consent, you can inform us at any time, so that we can prohibit the use of your data accordingly.
How to Contact Us For any questions or comments regarding our Privacy Policy, information or security practices, you may contact us by using the contact page on our site.
Disclaimer We cannot guarantee that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
As a user of this site, you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the site, the internet generally, and the documents you post or access and for your conduct on and off the site.
For additional information please read our Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability Policy located on our site.
© Copyright Specified Air Solutions
All rights reserved worldwide.
© 2020 Specified Air Solutions | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer
Powered by Fission Content Management System | Website Design by 360 PSG