http://www.ingersoll-rand-airtools.com/privacypolicy.html
Link to UsLinkslinks 2links 3This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering
system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but
may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store
through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information
about your shopping experience. Please see the
Yahoo! Privacy Policy for more
information about how Yahoo! uses this information.
Our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us.“Ingersoll-Rand-Airtools.com” will not give out your information to any other parties. We also will only contact you with e-mail updates regarding your order, or with our newsletter if you choose to subscribe.We hate junk e-mail as much as anyone and therefore will not be party to you receiving anything originating from us (or related parties) unless you have specifically requested it.
Data SecurityThe information you provide—including credit card information—is secured using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. We use this SSL technology to prevent such information from being intercepted and read as it is transmitted over the Internet. The encrypted data goes to a secure site where your information is stored on restricted-access computers located at restricted-access sites. While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information. Our store is a Yahoo Store, hosted by Yahoo, one of the world's largest providers of secure e-commerce solutions. Please follow the link above for more information on Yahoo's policies."Cookies" and how “Ingersoll-Rand-Airtools.com” Uses ThemA "cookie" is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain Web sites. “Ingersoll-Rand-Airtools.com” may use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the products and services we provide and to manage our telecommunications networks. If you are a Customer, we may use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your customer information. Additionally, be aware that if you visit non-”Ingersoll-Rand-Airtools.com” web sites where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable, you may be required to accept cookies.Revisions to This Policy“Ingersoll-Rand-Airtools.com” reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy and other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. Notice of any revision, amendment, or modification will be posted here and will only apply to information collected after any such change.Where to Direct Questions About the “Ingersoll-Rand-Airtools.com” Privacy Policy
Info@ingersoll-rand-airtools.com