http://www.fastsigns.com/cookie-policy
Skip to Main Content
RETURN TO:
CHANGE
FIND A LOCATION®
Products
Services
Find Solutions
Request a Consultation or Quote
Franchise Opportunities
Worldwide
Blog
Learning Center
My Account
toggle search
Find ideas, solutions, services and more...
SEARCH
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy sets out the basis on which we, FASTSIGNS International Inc (“FASTSIGNS”, “we”, “us” or “our”) use cookies and similar technologies on or in relation to our website, https://www.FASTSIGNS.com. This Cookies Policy is effective from October 7, 2019.
If you require further information about cookies in general, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files sent by a website’s server to a web browser, processor memory or hard drive and stored there. They can be used for a range of different purposes, such as customizing a website for a particular user, helping a user navigate a website, improving that user’s website experience, and storing that user’s preferences and login information.
Essential and Non-essential cookies
Cookies can be classified as either ‘essential’ or ‘non-essential’.
Essential cookies: these are cookies that are either:
used solely to carry out or facilitate the transmission of communications over a network; or
strictly necessary to provide an online service (e.g. our website or a service on our website) which you have requested.
We use essential cookies for Imperva Incapsula. These are Anonymous cookies that allow visitors to navigate around our website, use its features and access secure areas. The information gathered by these cookies may be used for security purposes, but is not used for marketing purposes. If the use of this type of cookie is not allowed, certain parts of our website cannot be used.
Non-essential cookies: these are any cookies that do not fall within the definition of essential cookies, such as cookies used to analyze your behavior on a website (‘analytical’ cookies) or cookies used to display advertisements to you (‘advertising’ cookies).
Session and Persistent cookies
Cookies can be classified as either ‘session’ or ‘persistent’, depending on how long they last after they are placed on your browser.
Session cookies: session cookies last for as long as you keep your browser open. They expire when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies: persistent cookies expire at a fixed point in time or if you manually delete them from your browser, whichever occurs first.
First and Third Party cookies
Cookies can be classified as ‘first party’ or ‘third party’.
First party cookies: these are cookies placed on your device by our website domain.
Third-party cookies: these are cookies placed on your device by third-party website domains.
Strictly Necessary, Targeting, or Analytical cookies
Strictly Necessary: Allows us to deliver a better experience in regards to performance and security, such as determining if your browser has JavaScript enabled.
Targeting / Advertising: Our site uses cookies served by our analytics partners such as Google Analytics, to understand how you use our site and how we can provide a better experience. We also may engage third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information through the use of cookies and other technologies. This helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
Google Analytics: Cookies help us understand how you engage and interact with our website, including how you came to our website, which pages you visited, for how long and what you clicked on, your location based on your IP address and any actions you have taken on our website such as Request/Schedule a Call, Request a Territory, Request More Info or Next Steps.
The information we collect using analytical cookies is collected on an anonymized basis.
To find out more about how Google handles information collected from Google Analytics, see Google Analytics’ privacy policy, which is available here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
For information on how Google uses data from cookies it uses, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
To opt out of Google Analytics tracking across all websites in general, you can do so here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Analytical: These cookies collect information about how you use our site, such as which pages you visit and if you experience any errors. They do not collect anything that could identify you as it is aggregated data and we only use them to improve how our site works.
Other technologies
We and any marketing companies we use also embed web beacons on our website.
Web beacons are small GIF image files which enable us to track your receipt of our marketing emails, how often you view our adverts or website pages, your location, IP address and browser information. Web beacons are activated whenever you access a page on our website which contains a web beacon. Web beacons transmit data when you view them but are not capable of accessing any other information on your computer. Web beacons are not stored on your hard drive unless you download a GIF image containing them.
Some (but not all) browsers enable you to restrict the use of web beacons by either preventing them from sending information back to their source (for example, when you choose browser settings that block cookies and trackers), or by not accessing the images containing them (for example, if you select a ‘do not display images (in emails)’ setting in your email server).
How to accept or reject cookies
There are a number of different ways in which you can accept or reject some or all cookies and similar technologies. Some of the main methods of doing so are described below:
You are welcome to block the use of some or all of the cookies we use on our website. However, please be aware that doing so may impair our website and its functionality or may even render some or all of it unusable.
You should also be aware that clearing all cookies from your browser will also delete any cookies that are storing your preferences, for example, whether you have accepted cookies on a website or any cookies that are blocking other cookies.
You can find more detailed information about cookies and adjusting your browser settings by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org
Browser settings
You can accept or reject some or all cookies (for example, blocking all third-party cookies) by adjusting your browser settings. If you do not know how to do this, the links below set out information about how to change your browser settings for some of the most commonly used web browsers:
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-browsing-search-download-history-firefox?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Clear+Recent+History
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US
Some browsers, such as Chrome and Firefox, allow you to change your settings to browse in ‘incognito’ mode, limiting the amount of data placed on your machine and automatically deleting any persistent cookies placed on your device when you finish your browsing session. There are also many third party applications which you can add to your browser to block or manage cookies.
Existing cookies
To clear cookies that have previously been placed on your browser, you should select the option to clear your browsing history and ensure that the option to delete or clear cookies are included when you do so.
Google Ad Settings
You can manage and opt out of personalization of advertisements by Google by visiting Google’s ad settings page here https://adssettings.google.com/ and by:
unticking the button entitled ‘Also use Google Account activity and information to personalize ads on these websites and apps and store that data in your Google Account’; and
switching the ‘Ads Personalisation’ setting off (i.e. by ensuring the switch at the top of the page is set to the left/grey and not the right/blue).
Alternatively, you can install a free browser plugin here: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing the browser add-on which is available here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Copyright, credit, and logo
This Cookies Policy is based on a template provided by GDPR Privacy Policy. For further information, please visit https://gdprprivacypolicy.org
The copyright in this Cookies Policy is either owned by or licensed to us and is protected by copyright laws around the world and copyright protection software. All intellectual property rights in this document are reserved. Where we display the GDPR Privacy Policy logo on our website, this is used to indicate that we have adopted a privacy policy template provided by GDPR Privacy Policy as the basis for this Privacy Policy.
Find aLOCATION
Get aQUOTE
Read theBLOG
IDEABOOK