https://www.norwegianlog.co.uk/cookie-policy
Showroom now open by appointment only - Click here for the Norwegian Log COVID-19 updateCookie PolicyWhat are Cookies?As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses Cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these Cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.For more general information on Cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.How we use CookiesWe use Cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all Cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.Disabling CookiesYou can prevent the setting of Cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling Cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling Cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable Cookies.The Cookies we setThis site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These Cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.For more information on Google Analytics Cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.More informationHopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave Cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us via email: sales@norwegianlog.co.ukAnnex A: Types of Cookies Used on This WebsiteType of CookieSourcePurposeExpiryHow to Block
Tracking
OutfunnelTo track web visits from Outfunnel
Site Analytics
FacebookThis site used Faebook to advertise. We use cookies to help us show ads for businesses and other organisations to people who may be interested in the products, services or causes they promote.We also use cookies to help measure the performance of ad campaigns for businesses that use the Facebook Services.For example: We use cookies to count the number of times an ad is shown and to calculate the cost of those ads. We also use cookies to measure how often people do things like click on or view ads.Some of the cookies set for this purpose are automatically removed from your device once you close your browser. Others may last for a period of up to 24 months from your last visit to our site.If you have a Facebook Account:You can use your ad preferences to learn why you’re seeing a particular ad and control how we use information we collect to show you ads.Some of the ads you see are based on your activity on websites and apps beyond the Facebook family of companies. We call this online interest-based advertising. You can control whether you see online interest-based ads from Facebook in your ad settings.The Facebook Audience Network is a way for advertisers to show you ads in apps and websites beyond the Facebook family of companies. One of the ways Audience Network shows relevant ads is by using your ad preferences to determine which ads you may be interested in seeing. You can control this in your ad settings.
Advertising / Customer Support
FreshworksWe use third party service providers, like Freshworks Inc ("Freshworks") to enable interaction with you on our website and/or our product. As a data processor acting on our behalf, Freshworks automatically receives and records certain information of yours like device model, IP address, the type of browser being used and usage pattern through cookies and browser settings. Freshworks performs analytics on such data on our behalf which helps us improve our service to you. You can read about the cookies Freshworks' sets in their cookie policy here.Please visit Freshworks for further information and to opt out.
Essential
AdobeWe use Adobe Typekit to correctly display fonts on our website. While in providng the Typekit service, Adobe do not set cookies on websites in order to serve their fonts, they do use cookies to collect information about the fonts being served to each site. This data does not include any information about the users who are visiting a site serving Typekit fonts. Adobe uses the information from third party sites like ours to provision the Typekit service. Such information is also used to diagnose delivery or download problems and to pay font foundries.Web browsers are usually set to accept cookies. However, if you prefer not to receive cookies, you typically have the option of setting your browser to refuse cookies.
Advertising
Google AdwordsWhen you click on an ad from Google Search or selected Google Display Network sites, or when you view a video ad, a temporary cookie is placed on your computer or mobile device. When you complete an action we have defined, our system recognises the cookie (through a code snippet we added), and a conversion is recorded. Only pages containing the Google conversion tag are tracked through this program.Some of the cookies set for this purpose are automatically removed from your device once you close your browser. Others may last for a period of up to 24 months from your last visit to our site.For more information about how Google uses advertising cookies, visit the Google Advertising Privacy FAQ. To manage settings for these cookies and opt-out of these features, visit the Ads Settings.
Marketing
DoubleClickGoogle DoubleClick uses conversion cookies, whose main purpose is to help advertisers determine how many times people who click on their ads end up purchasing their products. These cookies allow Google and the advertiser to determine that you clicked the ad and later visited the advertiser's site.Some of the cookies set for this purpose are automatically removed from your device once you close your browser. Others may last for a period of up to 24 months from your last visit to our site.Information about how DoubleClick uses cookies can be found here. And you can opt out here. Users who don't wish to participate in tracking activities can easily not accept this cookie by setting their internet browser user preferences to block cookies. This may need to be done again after a user clears cookies in order to maintain these settings.
Site Analytics
Google AnalyticsThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.Some of the cookies set for this purpose are automatically removed from your device once you close your browser. Others may last for a period of up to 24 months from your last visit to our site.You can opt out of tracking by Google Analytics here.
Site Analytics
HotjarThe Hotjar script will track your visitor as they visit different pages using a first-party cookie, enabling you to playback the entire session in a single Recording.Cookies that Hotjar stores on your visitor's browser which expire automatically after 365 days.To see which cookies Hotjar installs on your browser, visit the Hotjar Cookies page. You can stop Hotjar from collecting your data by opting out here.
Discover the experience
It's warm and it's cosy; it's solid and it's quiet. The fragrance of pine reminds you of Scandinavian forests and summer evenings. Your imagination starts to take you places. You imagine a wood burner, perhaps a desk or why not just some space to think?Our show home is 31 years old, yet customers still say it looks and feels brand new. That's the quality of our workmanship and the materials. When you step into a Norwegian Log building you're stepping into a feeling and just like our buildings it's one that will last.
Visit our showroom