https://www.mfgtray.com/privacy-policy/
MFG TRAY PRODUCT SEARCH
REFINE SEARCH BY ONE OR ALL OPTIONS:
Part Number
Dimensions
in.
mm.
Length:
Width:
Height:
Industry
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Where To Buy
Click on the button bellow for your area of interest
MATERIAL HANDING
ESD
CONFECTIONERY
FOOD SERVICE
PHARMACEUTICAL
MEDICAL
FARMING
CANNABIS
This is the web site of Molded Fiber Glass Tray Company
We’ve updated our privacy policy which now states what we do with your personal data, how it’s used and your rights as an individual and corporate subscriber under the new GDPR law. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
For each visitor to our Web page, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
When submitting product information requests or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you submit product information requests, register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers’ access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you submit product information requests, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To improve our website in order to better serve you.
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
• To follow up with you after correspondence (email or phone inquiries)
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
How do we protect your information?
Return contact and communications with individuals who have contacted our company are not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers. We use regular Malware Scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Google: Our site uses Google Analytics but does not capture names or IP address information and is solely used for monitoring site traffic and used to improve the web site content. Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
Opting Out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
With respect to Ad Servers or Advertising:
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server, advertising or marketing companies and do not share any information from our web site with any other company.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, it won’t affect the user’s experience.
Contacting us:
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the below addresses or phone numbers. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the below address
Molded Fiber Glass Tray Company
www.mfgtray.com
6175 U.S. Highway 6
Linesville, Pennsylvania 16424-0367
United States
info@mfgtray.com
800-458-6090
Leading manufacturer of high-strength, glass-reinforced composite
containers, trays, boxes, flats and totes for material handling in the metal working, plastics and electronics assembly industries, as well as in food service, confectionery and pharmaceutical processing.
MFG Tray continually develops customized solutions for specific material-handling challenges and applications. Customers are encouraged to contact MFG Tray to discuss any unique handling and design requirements.
Learn More »
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic and personalize content. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Privacy Preferences". If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
e-Commerce Media Kit
Please fill out the form below to  receive your free e-commerce media kit.
×