http://www.theleeco.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
Search
Find
Need help fast? Call 1-800-LEE-PLUG
About Us
Markets
All Markets
Aerospace
Space
Diagnostics
Medical Equipment
Motorsports
Oil & Gas Equipment
Products
What's New
Engineering
Quality
Contact Us
U.S. and International Locations
Upcoming Tradeshows
Material Return Procedure
Contact Webmaster
Resources
Careers
US English
German
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
The Lee Company Website Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
Because we care, we have adopted the practices in this Privacy Policy.
At The Lee Company we are committed to complying with applicable privacy laws in every country where we operate. This Privacy Policy describes the type of personal data we collect and is intended to inform you about how personal data (such as name, address, telephone number, and email address) which you submit to us will be handled and protected by The Lee Company. This Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information. The Privacy Policy also tells you how you can reach us to provide feedback, inquire about our Company and our products, or answer questions you may have about our privacy practices.
We collect and use information about you which will help us administer our business or provide products, services, or other opportunities to you. We use this Information to respond to you, communicate with you, and Improve our services to you, among other things.
In general, you can visit our site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the email addresses, of visitors. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We utilize this information to measure the use of our Site, to determine which areas users find useful based upon the traffic to particular areas, and to improve the content we offer. We may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your inquiries, provide customer service, improve your experience using our website by personalizing the content you are presented with, provide application support, provide you with information that you have requested from us, promote our products to you, share informative content with you in accordance with your communication preferences, ask for your feedback, let you know about products that may interest you, or allow you to access specific information.
On our website, we use “cookies” and log files to enable us to remember the portions of our site that may be the most relevant for your needs, and to help us identify other products or services that may be of interest to you. Cookies are small text files that a web site can store on your computer and then retrieve at a later time when you return to our Site. Log files are small text files that website automatically create when a user visits a site. We use cookies to track the portions of our Site that you visit. However, we do NOT use cookies to examine your surfing behavior before or after you leave our Site.
The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Without cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all website features such as being able to revisit previously viewed items.
We use your email address to contact you to respond to your inquiries or to provide information on products or services to you. To help us determine whether you have received an email from us, and to help us make emails more useful and interesting, we may receive a confirmation that you have opened an email from us.
We do not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise disclose personal information about our website visitors, except as described here. We may share the Information you provide with our subsidiaries and entitles that are affiliated with the Lee Company. In addition, we may disclose information about you {I) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, {ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials or {iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration. or destruction of the personal Information in our possession. We provide security controls to protect the information you submit online or via telephone against foreseeable hazards.
We may provide links to other web sites for your convenience and information. These sites may operate independently from www.theleeco.com and may not be under our control. These sites may have their own privacy policies in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. The entities that operate these sites are responsible for the content of their sites, any products or services they may offer through their sites or any other use of their sites.
We may change or update portions of this privacy notice at any time and without prior notice to you.
About Us
Company Overview
About the Founder
Sales and Service
Custom Products
Trademarks, Patents, Copyrights
Proprietary Rights and Export Compliance
Marking of Standard Lee Inserts
Privacy Policy
The Lee Company
•
2 Pettipaug Road, PO Box 424, Westbrook, CT 06498
•
Tel: 860-399-6281 • Fax: 860-399-7037 © Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved. The Lee Company. | Privacy Policy
×
Close