http://www.element7.co.uk/legal/
LEGAL
Your use of the Hiline Technologies Ltd T/A element7 website is subject to the following terms and conditions, if you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with, and be bound by, the following terms and conditions of use which, together with our privacy policy, govern our relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term ‘Hiline Technologies Ltd’ or ‘element7’, ‘us’, ‘our’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is: 3A Chestnut house, Farm close, Shenley, WD7 9AD. Registered in England and Wales, our company registration number is 4147290. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Copyright Notice:-
This website and its content is copyright of Hiline Technologies T/A element7 © 2016. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents of this site in any form is prohibited. You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content, design or photography displayed on this site. Nor may you transmit or store the content or imagery on this site in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system. For press enquiries or further information, please contact: info@element7.co.uk
For the purposes of viewing the site, permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on name’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by us at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:-
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the text, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without our prior written consent.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales.
Disclaimer:-
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Hiline Technologies Ltd T/A element7 and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Hiline Technologies Ltd T/A element7. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Hiline Technologies Ltd T/A element7 takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Privacy and Cookie Policy:-
Hiline Technologies T/A element7 is committed to protecting personal data.  This privacy statement has been provided to help you understand how and why we collect information from you, to whom such information is disclosed and what your rights are.
If we make changes to this policy, we will notify you by updating this statement on our website. You can access our Website home pages and browse our website without disclosing your personal data.
What information we collect and how do we obtain it
When you register with us, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, or request information, you will be asked to provide certain information such as your name, address, telephone number and email address so that we can process and fulfill your information request or order.
How we use your information
We process the information we receive from you in order to run our business, including the following activities:
managing our relationship with clients and prospects, including managing records and processing orders;
developing and improving our business and services, including notifying you about new products, enhancements to our services, and relevant trend updates that may be of interest.
monitoring customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop and improve the design and layout of the site.
We may contact you for such purposes by mail, telephone or email.
Where we store your personal data
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of Hiline Technologies T/A element7.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the seller or buyer of such business or assets;
If Hiline Technologies T/A element7 or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use as set out in our  Terms and Conditions for use of this website and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Hiline Technologies T/A element7, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
When we share data with others, we put contractual arrangements and security mechanisms in place to protect the data and to comply with our data protection, confidentiality and security standards.
Data Controller and Contact Information
The data controller is Hiline Technologies T/A element7. If you have any questions relating to this policy or how and why we process personal data, please write to:
The Data Protection Manager
element7
14 Park Street
London SW6 2RQ
or email info@element7.co.uk , quoting Security and Privacy Enquiry.
Individuals’ rights and how to exercise them
Individuals have certain rights over their personal data and data controllers are responsible for fulfilling these rights.  Where we decide how and why personal data is processed, we are a data controller and include further information about the rights that individuals have and how to exercise them below.
Access to personal data
You have a right of access to personal data held by us as a data controller.  This right may be exercised by emailing us at info@element7.co.uk We may charge a fee for access in accordance with applicable law.  We will aim to respond to any requests for information promptly, and in any event within the legally required time limits.
Amendment of personal data
To update personal data submitted to us, you may email us at info@element7.co.uk. When practically possible, once we are informed that any personal data processed by us is no longer accurate, we will make corrections (where appropriate) based on your updated information.
Withdrawal of consent
Where we process personal data based on consent, individuals have a right to withdraw consent at any time. We do not generally process personal data based on consent (as we can usually rely on another legal basis).
To withdraw consent to our processing of your personal data please email us at info@element7.co.uk or, to stop receiving an email from a Hiline Technologies T/A element7 marketing list, please click on the unsubscribe link in the relevant email received from us.
Please note that although we will act quickly, you may continue to receive mailings which are already on their way to you for a period of up to thirty days while your request is being dealt with.
Other data subject rights
This privacy statement is intended to provide information about what personal data we collect about you and how it is used. As well as rights of access and amendment referred to above, individuals may have other rights in relation to the personal data we hold, such as a right to erasure/deletion, to restrict or object to our processing of personal data and the right to data portability.  Some of these rights will only be available from 25 May 2018.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please send an email to info@element7.co.uk.
Data retention
We retain the personal data processed by us for as long as is considered necessary for the purpose for which it was collected (including as required by applicable law or regulation).
Third Party Links:
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Monitoring Communications
As part of our efforts to make further improvements to the service we provide to our customers, telephone calls to and from us may be recorded or monitored and used for training purposes. To protect the operation of our computer systems we monitor incoming and outgoing email.
Cookies and IP addresses
We may collect information about your computer or mobile device, including where available your IP address, operating system, browser type, version and the website that you visited prior to this site, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests;
To speed up your searches
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
Please refer to your internet browser help file to see how to enable cookies on your computer.
Changes to the Security and Privacy Policy
We keep our Security and Privacy Policy under regular review and we will place any updates in this webpage.
Complaints
If you are concerned about an alleged breach of privacy law or any other regulation by element7, please send an email with the details of your complaint to info@element7.co.uk. We will look into and respond to any complaints we receive.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) (the UK data protection regulator). For further information on your rights and how to complain to the ICO, please refer to the ICO website.