https://www.quadax.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Quadax Terms of Use
The following are terms of a legal agreement between any user of this Website and Quadax, Inc. By using this Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, do not use this Site.
Files on Quadax’s Internet Web Site are provided without express or implied warranties. While we make every effort to provide correct, up-to- date, and safe information, Quadax does not guarantee that the information in this Site will be free of errors, viruses, or other harmful elements. By using this Site, you acknowledge and agree that Quadax is not liable for damages resulting from its use, including incidental, special and consequential damages.Some files referred to on Quadax’s Web Site are maintained by third parties. Those Links do not necessarily imply endorsement. By using this Site, you acknowledge and agree that Quadax is not responsible for the contents of those files.By using this Site, you agree to use it for lawful purposes only. You shall not copy, modify, reverse engineer, or otherwise exploit files on this web Site, except with prior written consent from Quadax. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names in this Site are the marks of the respective owner(s), and any unauthorized use thereof is strictly prohibited.Our web applications (including the Quadax Portal) require modern browsers allowing high-encryption SSL and active scripting (JavaScript). They also perform session-IP validation to prevent session hijacking, so IP-pooling is discouraged.Quadax’s products and services are not available outside the United States. All facts denoted on this Site imply that geographic limitation. Trespass to chattels is forbidden, especially as it hampers the productivity of our systems and the staff who use or support them. You will not send unsolicited commercial e-mail (spam), misleading messages or other abusive e-mails. You will do everything reasonably within your power to protect your computer so as to prevent viruses, worms, spyware, adware, and other such malicious programs from reaching our network. You will not knowingly send unnecessarily large volumes of data or requests for data to our domain, directly or indirectly. Mail relay through this domain is prohibited.You agree that your use of this Site shall be governed by the laws of the state of Ohio and the United States, and that the venue shall be located in Cleveland, Ohio. Quadax reserves the right to change these Terms of Use at any time without notice.Certain pages on this Site are dated by their nature (just for example: news articles, newsletters). Their content is designed to be true at the time of publishing, not necessarily at the time you read them.
Intellectual Property
All files on Quadax’s Internet Web Site, and the software they represent, are copyrighted by Quadax Incorporated. The phrases “Quadax,” “Xpeditor,” “HARP,” and “RemitMax” are registered trademarks or service marks of Quadax Incorporated. Quadax reserves the exclusive right to their use, especially in, but not limited to, the context of healthcare computer systems.
Quadax partners with and refers to many organizations and products throughout its web site. Where not otherwise explicitly stated, assume that all proper names are trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.
Security and Privacy
Additional Terms of Use, regarding Security and Privacy, can be found here.