http://www.world-cert.co.uk/privacy-policy/
World Certification Services Ltd
World Certification Services Limited (WCS) treats the privacy of its staff, customers and website users very seriously and it takes appropriate security measures to safeguard your privacy. This policy explains how WCS protect and manage any personal data you share with WCS and that WCS hold about you, including how WCS collect, process, protect and share that data.
Information That We Collect From You
You provide WCS with personal data on completion of an application form, a request for quote form, a website form, over the telephone, when WCS is undertaking audits or by general correspondence. This data includes name, address, email address, telephone number and possibly any relevant certificate and banking data. WCS has analysed the types of data is holds and has created a register of data.
How WCS use your Information
WCS use your personal data to manage and administer its certification services. In order to provide Accredited Certification Services, WCS has to follow industry standards and requirements. Data must be obtained, reviewed and retained on WCS systems including and audit reports, request for quotes, client files, staff files etc. in order for WCS to continue to provide certification services.
Do WCS use your personal data for marketing
Any personal data that you provide to WCS will not be forwarded on to other parties for marketing purposes. WCS will use contact information to communicate changes to certification regulations, relevant news regarding certification services and other industry changes that are of relevance to the Certification Services it provides.
Do WCS share your personal data
WCS will keep personal data about you confidential, however there is potential that WCS will be required to share your personal data with interested parties. These include Accreditation Bodies such as UKAS / ANAB, accountants other parties that WCS use in order to provide Certification Services.
WCS will only disclose your personal data with other third parties with your express consent with the exception of the following categories of and regulatory agencies for the purposes of fraud prevention and to comply with any legal issues and disclosures.
Companies, loss assessors, regulatory authorities and other fraud prevention agencies for the purpose of fraud prevention and to comply with any legal and regulatory issues and disclosures.
Any mailing or printing agents, contractors and advisors that provide a service to us or act as our agents on the understanding that they keep the information confidential.
Anyone WCS may transfer our rights and duties under any agreement WCS have with you.
Any legal or crime prevention agencies and/or to satisfy any regulatory requests if WCS have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.
Transfer of your data outside of the European Economic Area
WCS can provide certification services internationally. Personal data may be transferred from one WCS office to another in order to provide and maintain Certification Services.
How long do WCS keep information about you
WCS will keep information in line with its retention policy and in line with accreditation, legal, statutory and regulatory obligations.
DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
Subject access requests
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) grants you (hereinafter referred to as the data subject”) the right to access particular personal data that WCS hold about you. This is referred to as a subject access request. WCS shall respond promptly, and certainly within one month from the point of receiving the request and all necessary information from you. Our formal response shall include details of the personal data WCS hold about you, including the following:
sources from which WCS acquired the information
the purposes for processing the information
persons or entities with whom WCS are sharing the information
Right rectification
You, the data subject, shall have the right to obtain from WCS, without undue delay, the rectification of inaccurate personal data WCS hold concerning you. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you, the data subject, shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
Right to erasure
You, the data subject, shall have the right to obtain from WCS the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay.
Right to restriction of processing
Subject to exemptions, you, the data subject, shall have the right to obtain from WCS restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you, the data subject, and is restricted until the accuracy of the data has been verified
the processing is unlawful and you, the data subject, oppose the erasure of the personal data and instead request the restriction in its use
WCS no longer need the personal data for the purposes of processing, but it is required by you the data subject, for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claim
You, the data subject, have objected to processing of your personal data pending verification of whether there are legitimate grounds for us to override these objections
Notification
WCS shall communicate any rectification or erasure of personal data or as described above to each recipient to whom the personal data has been disclosed, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. WCS shall provide you the data subject with information about those recipients if you request it.
Right to data portability
You, the data subject, shall have the right to receive your personal data, which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit this data to another controller without hindrance from us.
Right to object
You, the data subject, shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you, including any personal profiling unless this relates to processing that is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in public interest or an exercise of official authority vested in WCS. WCS shall no longer process the personal data unless WCS can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of you, the data subject, or for the establishment exercise or defense of legal claims.
Right to not be subject to decision based solely on automated processing
WCS do not carry out any automated processing, which may lead to an automated decision based on your personal data
Invoking your rights
If you would like to invoke any of the above data subject rights with us, please write to the Data Protection Officer at World Certification Services Ltd. Station Court, 4 Station Cottage, Ormskirk Road, Aintree, Liverpool, L9 5AA
Accuracy of information
In order to provide the highest level of service possible, WCS need to keep accurate personal data about you. WCS take reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy of any personal data or sensitive information WCS obtain. WCS ensure that the source of any personal data or sensitive is clear and WCS carefully consider any challengers to the accuracy of the information. WCS also consider when it is necessary to update the information, such as name or address changes and you can help us by informing us of these changes when they occur.
Questions and queries
If you have any questions or queries which are not answered by this Privacy Policy, or have any potential concerns about how WCS may use the personal data WCS hold, please write to the Data Protection Officer at World Certification Services Ltd. Station Court, 4 Station Cottage, Ormskirk Road, Aintree, Liverpool, L9 5AA
Policy changes
This privacy policy is regularly reviewed. This is to make sure that WCS continue to meet the highest standards and to protect your privacy WCS reserve the right, at all times, to update, modify or amend this Policy. WCS suggest that you review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes WCS may have made, however, WCS will not significantly change how WCS use information you have already given to us without your prior agreement. The latest version of this policy can be found on the WCS website.
Personal data complaint
If you have a complaint regarding the use of your personal data or sensitive information the please contact the Data Protection Officer at World Certification Services Ltd. Station Court, 4 Station Cottage, Ormskirk Road, Aintree, Liverpool, L9 5AA
Very well organised and always supportive in improving our processes
Matrix Polymers Ltd
Open up new business opportunities
Request a quote today