http://www.deadlydicklures.com/pages/privacy-notice
Skip to content
Search
Home
Our Lures
Deadly Dick Diamond Lures
Deadly Dick Standard Casting lures
Deadly Dick Long Casting/Jigging lures
All Products
Best lure by species
Hats
Earrings
Photo Gallery
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures provides this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures makes a link to it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures Collects:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures web site. All information marked with an asterisk (*) is required for a particular service.
Your IP address may also be logged. IP addresses may be used in fraud prevention and/or to prosecute perpetrators of fraud or other abuses.
On some pages, you may order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The information collected for these sections is strictly confidential and only shared with shippers and payment processors as needed. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Your Name*
Billing and Shipping Address(es)*
Email address*
Phone number*
possibly Credit Card number or other payment information.
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. The information collected for these sections is strictly confidential and only shared with shippers as needed. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Recipient's Name*
Recipient's Address*
Phone Number*
The Way Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures Uses Information:
Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures uses the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures uses the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures uses return email addresses to answer Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures the email Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures receives. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures web site and to share with advertisers. For example, Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures web site, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures never uses or shares the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures collects online.
Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures never collects or maintains information at our Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures web site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures web site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that Deadly Dick Classic Fishing Lures collects online and maintains by logging in and clicking on 'My Controls' or 'My Account' in the menu. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us.