https://www.kanegrade.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Updated: May 2018.
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give when you use this website. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
1. Name and contact details for the processing controller and company data protection officer
This privacy policy applies to data processing by:
Kanegrade Limited, Ingredients House, Caxton Way, Stevenage, Hertfordshire, SG1 2DF, United Kingdom
Registered in England No. 1521414
The company data protection officer for Kanegrade Ltd. can be contacted at the above address, or email info {at}  kanegrade.com
2. Collecting and storing personal data, as well as the type and purpose of data use
a.)  We process the following data within the framework of our particular business relationship with you:
Company Names, Identifiers, Address
Contact Names, Contact Details, Position
Products enquired, quoted, sampled and ordered
The collection of these data is done to facilitate the settlement of our business relationships.
Data processing according to Article 6 Paragraph 1 sentence 1 Letter b of the GDPR is necessary for the purposes mentioned above for the mutual fulfillment of obligations arising from the business relationship.
The personal data which are collected by us for the fulfillment of the contracts shall be stored until the end of the statutory retention period or the legally permissible retention period and thereafter deleted, unless in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 sentence 1 Letter c of the GDPR we are obliged to store for a longer period of time due to tax and commercial requirements for storage and documentation or you are obliged to make further storage in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 sentence 1 Letter a of the GDPR have consented.
b.) When visiting the website
When accessing our website www.kanegrade.com, the browser used on your end device automatically sends information to our website server. This information is temporarily stored in a ‘log file’. The following information is collected without any action on your part, and is stored until it is automatically deleted:
IP address for the requesting machine;
date and time of access;
name and URL for the file retrieved;
website from which access is made (referrer URL); and
browser used, and possibly also the machine’s operating system and name of the access provider.
The specific data is processed by us for the following purposes:
to ensure a smooth connection is established for the website;
to ensure ease of use for our website;
to evaluate system security and stability; and
for other administrative purposes.
The legal basis for data processing is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Sentence 1 Letter f of the GDPR. Our legitimate interests are based on the purposes listed above for data collection.
We also use cookies and analysis services when you visit our website.
3. Sharing data
Your personal data is not shared with third parties for purposes other than those listed below.
We only share your personal data with third parties if:
you have given your explicit consent pursuant to Article 6 Paragraph 1 Sentence 1 Letter a of the GDPR;
this is required under Article 6 Paragraph 1 Sentence 1 Letter f of the GDPR in order to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding legitimate interest in not having your data shared;
there is a legal obligation to do so pursuant to Article 6 Paragraph 1 Sentence 1 Letter c of the GDPR; and
this is legally permissible and required in order to fulfill contractual relationships with you, pursuant to Article 6 Paragraph 1 Sentence 1 Letter b of the GDPR.
4. Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Specifically, the following technical and organisational measures are used at our offices:
Electronic access control system
Password protection for PC’s or equivalent devices
Password protection and individual rights assignment in the server structure and in the ERP / CRM system
5. Data subject rights
You have the right:
to request information about your personal data processed by us pursuant to Article 15 of the GDPR. In particular, you can request information concerning the purposes of processing, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or is being disclosed, the planned storage period.
to rectification, erasure, restriction of processing or objection, the existence of the right to complain, the origin of your data if it has been collected by us, and the existence of automated decision-making including profiling, and where applicable, meaningful information about specific details;
to request the rectification of incorrect or incomplete personal data stored by us immediately, pursuant to Article 16 of the GDPR;
to request that your personal data stored by us is erased pursuant to Article 17 of the GDPR, unless processing is required to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information, to fulfil a legal obligation, for reasons in the public interest or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims;
to request that the processing of your personal data is restricted pursuant to Article 18 of the GDPR, if the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, if processing is unlawful but you reject the erasure of it and we no longer require the data, however, require it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or if you have objected to processing pursuant to Article 21 of the GDPR;
to request that the personal data that you have submitted to us is provided in a structured, accessible and machine-readable format or is transferred to another controller, pursuant to Article 20 of the GDPR; and
to withdraw consent that has been given to us at any time, pursuant to Article 7 Paragraph 3 of the GDPR. This would result in us being unable to continue data processing that is based on this consent in the future, and you are able to complain to supervisory authorities pursuant to Article 77 of the GDPR. Generally, you can contact the supervisory authorities in your usual place of residence or the location where our head office is based.
6. Right to object
If your personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests pursuant to Article 6 Paragraph 1 Sentence 1 Letter f of the GDPR, you have the right to object against us processing your personal data pursuant to Article 21 of the GDPR if there are grounds for this based on your particular situation or if you are objecting against direct advertising. In the latter case, you have the general right to object, which is followed by us without there being a requirement to specify a particular situation.
If you want exercise your right to withdraw or object, you can simply send an e-mail to info@kanegrade.com
7. External Links
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
8. Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
Cookies deployed by our website:
Ensure That Functionality Operates As Intended
Remember Your Choices And Preferences During And Between Visits
Allow You To Share Pages Via Social Network Widgets Like Facebook, Twitter And AddThis
Allow You To Interact With Our Website By Leaving Comments Or Opinions
Post Enquiries Via Our Anti-Spam Enquiry Form
Track Your Visit For Statistical Analysis, Allowing Us To Improve The Usability, Speed And Security Of Our Website
Cookies are not deployed to:
Collect Any Personal Identifiable Information (Without Your Express Permission)
Collect Any Sensitive Information (Without Your Express Permission)
Pass Data To Advertising Networks
Pass Personally Identifiable Data To Third Parties
Pay Sales Commissions
Your consent for cookie deployment by our website.
Upon your first visit to our website, you may have noticed our banner alerting you to the use of cookies by our website. In compliance with the 2011 EU Cookie Law, our website operates on an ‘Implied Consent’ basis. This means that we will assume that you have opted-in for our website to deploy cookies until you choose to deactivate them within your browser settings or via the instructions below. By default, the majority of popular web browsers automatically permit websites to deploy cookies onto your device. Below you can learn more about the specific cookies deployed by our website, and how they can be disabled. For more information on the EU Cookie Law in the UK, we recommend visiting the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) website where you can find the latest information, guidelines and advice on the EU Cookie Law.
Cookies used by our website
Social Network Sharing
We encourage users to share our content and/or like our on profile on the popular Social Media websites Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Google+ and LinkedIn. In order to make ‘Social Sharing’ accessible, our website utilises widgets either provided directly from the Social Networks and/or via amalgamative widgets from third parties such as AddThis. Cookies and privacy implications from the social networks vary and will be dependent on your nominated privacy settings with each Social Network. Social Sharing buttons will only deploy cookies if you are signed to that respective Social Network at the time of being on our website.
Analytical Tracking
Our website has Google Analytics installed which allows us to track and compile anonymous visitor statistics. The information collected ranges from simple traffic volume to the type of browser you are viewing our website with. This information is valuable to us not just for marketing analysis and quantification, but to improve the usability, security and load speed of our website content. Google Analytics is a popular, secure, flagship webmaster product from Google. The privacy and security of Google Analytics data is a high priority at Google that you can read more about on Google’s Analytics Data Safeguarding page. Google also offer aGoogle Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on that will allow you to automatically Opt-out of all websites that track your activity via Google Analytics. No personal information is collected by Google Analytics.
Cookie Consent Check
As mentioned above, upon your first visit our website displays a banner at the top of the page alerting you about cookies being deployed by our website. In order for our website to remember your choice of opting-in, we store an anonymous cookie to remove the alert banner for 28 days. To prevent this cookie being stored, simply do not accept and close the alert. If you have already accepted the alert and you wish to remove the cookie, please clear your cookies within your browser settings.
Enquiry Forms
Visitors can choose to contact us via enquiry form(s) on our website. In order to prevent spam enquiries, we protect our forms with a ‘CAPTCHA’ challenge to ensure the submission is from a living person, rather than a computer bot. This CAPTCHA challenge creates a cookie that is used only to check the input response from the user is correct. The CAPTCHA cookie does not store any other information from your enquiry.
Google Maps/Places
Our website may have our Google Maps/Places profile embedded within an iframe. Google Maps creates cookies that enable the functionality of their powerful mapping software. No personal information is stored or shared on the cookies deployed by Google Maps/Places
Actual cookies deployed
Below is a table of information which lists all cookies deployed and used on our website.
COOKIE CATEGORY
COOKIE NAME
COOKIE DESCRIPTION
Google
_utma
A Google Analytics cookie, which keeps track of the number of times, a visitor has been to the site, when their first visit was, and when their last visit occurred.
_utmb
A Google Analytics cookie, which creates a timestamp of the exact moment when a visitor enters a site.
_utmc
A Google Analytics cookie, which creates a timestamp of the exact moment when a visitor leaves the site.
_utmv
Used for reporting in Google Analytics classifying the visitor.
_utmz
A Google Analytics cookie which tracks where the visitor came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked on, what keywords used, and where in the world the site was accessed from.
PREF, NID
This cookie is set by Google Maps when you load a map of our location
AddThis
loc, uid / uit, psc, di / dt, atuvc / bt / ssc / ssh / sshs / xtc
Allows users to share content via Social Networking websites and email
How to disable cookies
Most modern browsers allow you to control your cookie settings for all websites that you browse. You can disable cookie deployment completely by editing your browser settings, however in doing this you may be limiting the functionality that is displayed on our website. To learn how to disable cookies on your preferred browser we recommend reading this advice posted by Google.
If you are concerned about cookies tracking your movements on the Internet then you may be concerned about spyware. Spyware is the name given to a particular band of cookies that track personal information about you. There are many antispyware programs that you can use to prevent this from happening. Learn more about antispyware software – https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spyware. As mentioned earlier in this page you call also disable Google Analytics on all websites by downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Quick navigationWhy Kanegrade?
Ingredients
Agents
Brochure
Locations
Customer servicePrivacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
New Customer Form
Customer Satisfaction Questionnaire
Credit Account Application
Contact usHead Office Address:
Kanegrade Ltd
Ingredients House
Caxton Way, Stevenage
Hertfordshire
SG1 2DF
info@kanegrade.com
HOW IT ALL BEGAN
© 2020 Kanegrade.
Site by Whitehot.
Why Kanegrade?
Ingredients
Applications
Accreditations
Locations
News
Brochure
Send enquiry