https://www.berghaus.com/termsandconditions.html
Warning messageYour browser is not currently set to Accept Cookies or check to see if you have another program set to block cookies
Warning message
You are currently using Internet Explorer 8 which is not supported by our new website.
We recommend you update to the latest version of Internet Explorer or alternatively use a different web browser.
Berghaus Customer Service
Search
Search
Home
T&Cs
T&Cs
Website Terms of Use
Website Terms of Use
Welcome to berghaus.com (the “Website”). There are a few rules that our visitors must follow when using our Website, so we ask all our visitors to read our Terms and Conditions carefully.
This Website is brought to you by Berghaus Limited (“Berghaus”, or “we” or “us”) and all rights, including copyright, in the content of the Website is owned or controlled by Berghaus.
Berghaus and its affiliates provide access to the Website and sells its products to you subject to the Terms and Conditions set out on this page.
If you have any comments or queries relating to this Website, please use our Contact Us pages.
1. What do I agree to by entering the Website?
You are invited to use the Website on the basis of the Terms and Conditions of use set out below.
By entering the Website and using its Features (as defined below) you are deemed to have read and accepted these Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions or any part of them, you should not enter or use the Website.
Berghaus may modify or update these Terms and Conditions from time to time. If you continue to use this Website after any changes, this means you agree to be bound by the modified Terms and Conditions.
If we do make a change to the Terms and Conditions we will post it at the top of this page, together with the date of the change, so you can easily find it.
2. The Features
The Website may offer the following features to you: purchase of products, competitions, prize draws, video clips, downloading of screensavers, desktops and sound files (the “Features”).
3. Conditions of Using Features on the Website
You agree to use the Features in this Website in good faith and in the spirit in which they are made available to you. In particular you agree:
a) not to send or resend any content which is obscene or vulgar, offensive, abusive, harmful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, invasive of another’s privacy, racially or ethically or religiously insulting or otherwise unlawful;
b) not to use Features on the Website for any purpose that is illegal or which is or may be damaging to the rights or interests of any User or other party;
c) if you or any other party has any issues or concerns with the content of any communications generated via the Website, you should contact the website moderator as soon as possible; and
d) that all Features will be used entirely at your own risk and Berghaus accepts no responsibility for any losses or consequences suffered by you as a result of your use of the Website.
If Berghaus is informed or has any reason to believe that any of the Features on our Website are being used by a user other than in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, Berghaus reserves the right to suspend or permanently prevent access by the user to the Features and shall have no liability to the user whatsoever in such event.
4. Sending Us Information
We are happy to receive from you any ideas, suggestions, graphics, mixes, pictures or anything else, but do please remember that, by sending us your submission (the “Material”) you will be deemed to have granted Berghaus (and any of its subsidiaries or associated companies) a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive right and licence to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to any such work worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in the Material. By submitting your Material to this site, you also warrant that:
a) you have the right to make it available to Berghaus;
b) the Material is not defamatory; and
c) the Material does not infringe any law.
You agree to indemnify Berghaus against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by Berghaus as a result of your breach of the above warranty. You also agree to waive any moral rights in the Material for the purposes of its submission to and publication on the Website and the other purposes specified above. You may not violate, plagiarise, or infringe on the rights of third parties including copyright, trade mark, trade secret, privacy, personal, publicity, or proprietary rights.
This means that all stories, mixes, comments, suggestions, ideas, graphics or other information sent to us can be used by us as we see fit. This includes using it for promotional, marketing or any other commercial purpose, whether in advertising, or in developing, manufacturing or marketing products. Under no circumstances are you entitled to any payment if we do use your Material for any purpose. So remember don’t send us your Material if you don’t want us to use it or the world to know it.
5. Privacy Policy
Please ensure that you read our Privacy Policy to learn about what personal information we collect at this site, how we handle it and for what purposes we use it.
6. Website Content – Accuracy and Permitted Use.
Berghaus makes every effort to ensure that the content of the Website is accurate and up-to-date, but Berghaus does not offer any warranties (whether express, implied or otherwise) as to the reliability, accuracy or completeness of the information appearing on the Website.
Berghaus may remove material or Features, from the Website at its own discretion and without any notice.
You are permitted to use the material that is displayed on the Website from time to time only as expressly authorised by Berghaus.
This Website is intended to provide amongst other things, information relating to Berghaus products and is designed for personal, non-commercial use only.
You may not use this Website, or any of the material appearing on the Website from time to time to further any commercial purpose, including (but not limited to) selling on of any products purchased from the Website to eBay or any other auction site advertising or to promote or encourage traffic to any other website.
7. Copyright, legal statement and database rights
All content and compilation of such content together with all software included on the Website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images and software, is the property of Berghaus or its subsidiaries, its affiliates or its content suppliers and is protected by UK, European and International laws.
You may not extract and/or re-utilise parts of the contents of the Website without Berghaus’s express written consent. In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (either once or many times) for re-utilisation of any substantial parts of this Website. You also may not create and/or publish your own database which features substantial (e.g. our prices and product listings) parts of this Website.
Please also refer to our Legal Statement below.
8. Legal Statement
Trade marks
BERGHAUS, [COLOURED BLOCKS device], AIRFOIL, AQUAFOIL, ARGENTIUM, BIOFLEX, EVABREATHE, FREEFLOW, MTNHAUS, MULE, OPTI-STUD and PHOBIC are registered trade marks of Berghaus Limited.
AQ, AQ2, AF, EXTREM, EXOWRAP, THINKING ON YOUR FEET, EHS, BUILT WITH NATURE, 365LIFE, LIVE FOR ADVENTURE, LIMPET and YETI are trade marks of Berghaus Limited.
GORE-TEX, GORE, GTX,
GORE-TEX PACLITE SHELL, XCR are registered trade marks of W.L. Gore and Associates. GUARANTEED TO KEEP YOU DRY is a trade mark of W.L. Gore and Associates. LORICA is a registered trademark of Coria Sud. S.r.l. KEVLAR is a registered trade mark of E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company or its affiliated. POLARTEC, POWDERDRY and THERMAL PRO is a registered trade mark of Polartec, LLC. PERTEX, PERTEX ENDURANCE and PERTEX QUANTUM are registered trade marks of Mitsui & Co. Ltd. CORDURA, LYCRA, and THERMOLITE are registered trade marks of Invista for durable fabrics. PRIMALOFT is a registered trade mark of Albany International Corp. DRI-RELEASE and FRESH GUARD are registered trade marks of Optimer Performance Fibers Inc. RECCO is a registered trade mark of Recco AB. SCHOELLER, 3XDRY, COLDBLACK, SCHOELLER ORIGINAL SOFT SHELL and NANOSPHERE are registered trade marks of Schoeller Technologies Switzerland. SKYWALK is a registered trade mark of Skywalk SPA. THERMACOOL is a trade mark of Advansa. VIBRAM is a registered trade mark of Vibram S.p.A. YKK, YKK AQUAGUARD and VISCON are registered trade marks of Yoshida Kogyo K.K.
www.Berghaus.com is a registered domain name of Berghaus Limited.
VAT Registration Number: GB 231 0451 21.
Registered Office: 8 Manchester Square, London, W1U 3PH, England.
Berghaus Limited is a registered data controller, registration no. Z6423514
9. Intellectual Property Rights
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, rights in data, databases, trade marks, names, images, logos and other intellectual property rights in the Website content, software and all HTML and other code involved in this Website (“Intellectual Property Rights”) shall remain at all times vested in Berghaus and that these are protected by copyright and other laws and international treaty provisions.
Users may not, other than in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, redistribute, transfer, or sell in whole or in part, the Website or any of the Intellectual Property Rights relating thereto, without first obtaining written permission from Berghaus to do so.
All trade marks appearing on the Website are Berghaus Limited trade marks and nothing contained in this Website shall be construed as conferring by implication or otherwise any licence or right to use any of the Intellectual Property Rights displayed or subsisting on or in this Website other than in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
10. Limitation of Liability
The Internet is by its nature an unreliable medium. Consequently, you accept that this Website is offered on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
While Berghaus takes all reasonable steps to ensure that the Website is properly functioning at all times, Berghaus does not warrant that this Website will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Website or the server that makes it available are free of software viruses or bugs or other defects.
Berghaus has no control over, and disclaims all responsibility for, any content you encounter, or events which may occur as a result of your use of the Features and Berghaus shall not be liable for any damages or other losses of any type whatsoever incurred by you as a result of your use of the Website or the Features.
Except in relation to liability for death or personal injury, Berghaus shall not be liable to you for any loss or damage you suffer as a result of visiting this Website or making use of the Features or information available on the Website. You must take your own precautions (including, but not limited to, installing adequate protective measures to guard against software viruses and ensuring that you retain up-to-date copies of all data) to protect yourself against loss or damage.
11. Governing Law
Your use of the Website, any purchase by you on the Website of any products and these Terms and Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and will be deemed to have occurred in England.
By accepting these Terms and Conditions and using the Website, you accept that any dispute under these Terms and Conditions or arising out of use of this Website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts and by using this Website you hereby submit to the jurisdiction of such courts for such purposes and waive any and all objections to jurisdiction or venue in such courts.
By registering you agree to receive emails from Berghaus.com, and you can unsubscribe by using the links in the emails that we send.
Accessibility
Berghaus.com Accessibility Statement
New media technologies are always changing, but we are committed to making our websites accessible to people with visual, hearing or motor impairments.
We endeavour to be in line with the Equality Act 2010 requirement, which is WCAG 1 AA compliance.
Guidelines
The accessibility guidelines we follow include:
Allowing users to control text sizes.
Using an easy to read font type.
Ensuring suitable foreground and background colour contrast.
Identify the primary natural language of a document, and using clear and simple grammar.
Providing meaningful text equivalents for pictures.
Providing simple, consistent site navigation.
Ensuring the target of each link is clearly defined.
Providing a sitemap.
Providing navigational shortcuts for users of text only browsers and page readers. Included are Skip Links (RNIB tested) and WAI ARIA Landmark Roles (supported by JAWS 10, NVDA 2010.1 and Voice Over in iOS 4)
Using appropriate structural mark-up to maximise browser support.
Using a logical tab order through links, form controls, and objects.
Ensuring all content and functionality is available to users without content style sheet (CSS), image and script support.
Including default, place-holding characters in edit boxes and text areas.
Keyboard Navigation
Pressing the ‘Tab’ key on your keyboard will sequentially move focus through the elements on the web page you are viewing.
After a page loads pressing the ‘Tab’ key twice will bring focus to the keyboard navigation short cuts or “Skip Links”. Press the ‘Enter’ key to move the focus to one of the optional locations on the page.
Pressing 'Shift' and 'Tab' will move focus through the Tab Index in the reverse order.
Press 'Enter' to use the link or button you are focused on.
If you are focused in a text field , you will see the cursor inside it and you will immediately be able to start typing.
If you are focused on a select box (drop-down or list) use the up and down arrow keys to select an option then press the ‘Tab’ again to move out of the select box.
If you are focused on a radio button press ‘Spacebar’ to select it. You can also use the keyboard left and right arrows to move between the options in a set of radio buttons.
If you are focused on a checkbox press ‘Spacebar’ to select it.
Text Size
The size of the text on the site can be adjusted through your browser's settings.
Internet Explorer Text size: from the 'View' menu in the browser select the 'Text Size' submenu and choose the size that you would like to change to.
Firefox Text size: from the 'View' menu in the browser select the 'Text Size' submenu and choose whether to increase or decrease the text size.
Alternatively you can Zoom in or out with the following keys.
'Ctrl' and '+' to Zoom In
'Ctrl' and '-' to Zoom out
'Ctrl' and '0' will reset the Zoom level to its default
Code - Markup & Style
We use the HTML5 Doctype and test our markup against the W3C validator, to ensure that the markup is well formed. 100% valid code is not a goal, but validation certainly helps to write more maintainable sites as well as debugging code. We do not guarantee code is 100% valid, but instead assure the cross-browser experience is fairly consistent.
We use CSS2 and CSS3 where appropriate, linked from external styles sheets to maintain the separation of structure and from style.
Browser Compatibility
The site is tested on both PC and Mac and is fully functional in the following browsers:
Internet Explorer 9 and above
Firefox (latest version)
Safari 6
Chrome (latest version)
The site will be functional in older browsers however it should be noted that presentational elements may not be fully rendered, and rendering may downgrade gracefully.
Competition & Promotional Terms & Conditions
Berghaus Competition & Promotional Terms & Conditions
BLACK FRIDAY - TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Save up to 30% off selected lines on Berghaus.com /Int.berghaus.com
The Offer is open from Monday 23rd November to midnight (GMT) Sunday 6th December
The Offer is only redeemable against Berghaus products purchased on-line www.berghaus.com.
The Offer is subject to availability.
Berghaus reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions or discontinue the Offer at any time.
The Offer is not transferable and cannot be exchanged for cash.
A copy of your proof of purchase should be retained for refund purposes.
All other Berghaus Terms and Conditions of Sale shall apply.
Nothing in these terms and conditions shall affect your statutory rights.
The Offer is governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
© Berghaus 2020. All Rights Reserved.
Refund Policy
Our full Returns and Delivery Policy applies, please refer to these policies for full details.
OUTLET - TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Save up to 50% off selected Outlet lines on Berghaus.com /Int.berghaus.com
The Offer is open from Monday 23rd November to midnight (GMT) until stocks last
The Offer is only redeemable against Berghaus products purchased on-line www.berghaus.com.
The Offer is subject to availability.
Berghaus reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions or discontinue the Offer at any time.
The Offer is not transferable and cannot be exchanged for cash.
A copy of your proof of purchase should be retained for refund purposes.
All other Berghaus Terms and Conditions of Sale shall apply.
Nothing in these terms and conditions shall affect your statutory rights.
The Offer is governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
© Berghaus 2020. All Rights Reserved.
Refund Policy
Our full Returns and Delivery Policy applies, please refer to these policies for full details.
Win £250 to Spend on Berghaus Gear -
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These Terms and Conditions apply to the ‘Win £250 to Spend on Berghaus Gear’
(the “Competition”). By entering into the Competition entrants agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions:
1. The Competition opens at 10:00 on 11th November 2020 (the “Opening Date”) and closes at 22:00 on 22nd November 2020 (the “Closing Date”). No entries shall be accepted before the Opening Date or after the Closing Date. Entries are limited to one (1) entry per person. Entries not in accordance with the entry instructions are invalid.
2. The Competition is open to persons aged eighteen (18) or over, who are residents of the United Kingdom, Isle of Man and Channel Islands. The Promoter accepts no responsibility for entries that are misdirected, lost, delayed, damaged or corrupted due to any computer malfunction, virus, bug, delay or other reason whatsoever. The Competition is specifically closed to employees of the Promoter, any associated companies, their families and anyone professionally involved in this promotion.
3. In order to enter the Competition, entrants must sign up to the Berghaus Newsletter on https://www.berghaus.com/newsletter-signup.html. Entrants are providing their information to the Promoter and not to Instagram. The information provided will only be used for purposes as detailed in clause 11. This Competition is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Instagram.
4. NO PURCHASE OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO TAKE PART IN THIS COMPETITION.
5. There will be one (1) winner (the “Winner”). The prize is as follows: £250 worth of e-voucher codes to spend on Berghaus.com (the “Prize”). The prize can be redeemed on any product(s) at Berghaus.com.
6. The Winner of the Prize will be selected by the Promoter on 23rd November from all entries received. The Promoter’s decisions shall be final and no correspondence will be entered into. The Winner will be selected at random from all Competition Entries. The Winner will be contacted by email [within 48 hours of selection]. Where the Promoter notifies a Winner by email, the Winner must provide confirmation of receipt by reply email within 48 hours. If the Winner does not respond by email within 48 hours, the Promoter reserves the right to select another winner at random from the remaining eligible entries and thereafter until all winners are found.
7. The Winner agrees to take part in post-Competition publicity at the request of the Promoter. By entering the Competition, entrants agree to the Promoter’s unrestricted use of the Competition Entry and any post-Competition publicity for the Promoter’s own purposes in all activities including, without limitation, marketing and promotional activities worldwide including use on the Promoter’s websites and social networking platforms.
8. The Prize may be altered or varied at the Promoter’s sole discretion and substituted with a prize which, in the Promoter’s sole opinion, is a suitable alternative. No cash alternatives are available. The Prize is non-transferable and may not be sold, offered for sale, coupled or bundled with any other product or services or used for any commercial or promotional purposes whatsoever.
9. Once the Prize has been administered, the Promoter shall seek permission from the Winner to share the Winner’s name and county on www.berghaus.com and all associated social media accounts. The Winner’s name and county shall only be made available by the Promoter once consent has been obtained from the Winner.
10. Personal data which is provided by you when you enter will be processed in a database for the purpose of managing entry into the Competition. By providing us with any personal information, you consent to the processing and storage of your personal information for this purpose. If you withdraw your consent, you will be withdrawn from the Competition. Please read https://www.berghaus.com/termsandconditions.html to understand more about how the Promoter will process your personal information.
11. Entrants accept that the Facebook/Instagram page is offered on an “as is” and “as available” basis. While the Promoter takes all reasonable steps to ensure that the Facebook/Instagram page is properly functioning at all times, the Promoter does not warrant that the Facebook/Instagram page will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Facebook/Instagram page or the server that makes it available are free of software viruses or bugs or other defects. The Promoter has no control over, and disclaims all responsibility for, any content which entrants (collectively known as “Users”), may encounter, or events which may occur as a result of any User’s use of the Facebook/Instagram page to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the Promoter shall not be liable for any damages or other losses of any type whatsoever incurred by Users as a result of their use of the Facebook/Instagram page. The Promoter does not exclude liability for death or personal injury, or any other losses which cannot be excluded or limited by law. However, by accepting these Terms and Conditions, Users accept that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Promoter cannot be liable to Users for any loss or damage which entrants may suffer as a result of using the Facebook/Instagram page. Users must take their own precautions (including but not limited to installing adequate protective measures to guard against software viruses and ensuring that up-to-date copies are made of all data) to protect Users against loss or damage.
12. The Promoter reserves the right to amend these Terms and Conditions and/or cancel the Competition at its sole discretion.
13. The Promoter of this Competition is Berghaus Limited, whose registered office is at Sunderland Enterprise Park, 12 Colima Ave, Sunderland SR5 3XB
14. To the maximum extent permitted by law the Promoter and its related entities shall not be liable for any claims or actions of any kind whatsoever for damages or losses to persons or property which may be sustained in connection with receipt, ownership and/or use of the Prizes.
15. By entering this Competition entrants agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. All entry instructions form part of these Terms and Conditions. English law governs this Competition and each party submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Berghaus Limited© 2020. All rights reserved.
10% off sign-up coupon code
1. 10% off coupon code when you sign-up (the “Offer”).
2. The Offer can be redeemed by adding Berghaus Products to your basket and entering the promotion code included in the email.
3. The Offer is only redeemable against selected Berghaus products purchased online at www.berghaus.com
4. The Offer can be only redeemed once.
6. The Offer is not transferable and cannot be exchanged for cash.
7. The Offer is available to residents of United Kingdom, Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.
8.The Offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other coupon code or discounted product
9. A copy of your proof of purchase should be retained for refund purposes.
10. If you return any Offer products you will receive a full refund of the Offer amount paid.
11. Our full Returns and Delivery Policy applies, please refer to these policies for full details.
12. Berghaus Ltd reserves the right to amend these Terms and Conditions, or to discontinue the Offer at any time.
13. Nothing in these terms and conditions shall affect your statutory rights.
14. The Offer shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
Leo Houlding Spectre Exped Speaker Tour Tickets and Interactive Jacket Competition TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These Terms and Conditions apply to the Leo Houlding Spectre Exped Speaker Tour Tickets and Interactive Jacket Competition (the “Competition”).
By entering into the Competition entrants agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions:
1.	The Competition opens at 09:00 on 2nd February 2019 (the “Opening Date”) and closes at 22:00 on 9th February 2019 (the “Closing Date”).
No entries shall be accepted before the Opening Date or after the Closing Date.
Entries are limited to one (1) entry per person. Entries not in accordance with the entry instructions are invalid.
2.	The Competition is open to persons aged eighteen (18) or over, who are residents of the United Kingdom, Isle of Man and Channel Islands. The Promoter accepts no responsibility for entries that are misdirected, lost, delayed, damaged or corrupted due to any computer malfunction, virus, bug, delay or other reason whatsoever. The Competition is specifically closed to employees of the Promoter, any associated companies, their families and anyone professionally involved in this promotion.
3.
In order to enter the Competition, entrants must: Like and tag one friend in the official Leo Houlding Competition post on the verified Berghaus Instagram and Facebook business accounts (the “Competition Entry”). Entrants are providing their information to the Promoter and not to Instagram. The information provided will only be used for purposes as detailed in clause 11. This Competition is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Instagram. Entrants agree that proof of submitting their Entry to the Mitre Instagram page shall not be proof of the Promoter’s receipt of any Entry.
4.
NO PURCHASE OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO TAKE PART IN THIS COMPETITION.
5.	There will be one (1) first place winner (the “Winner”). The prize is as follows:
2x tickets to the Leo Houlding Speakers from the Edge Spectre Expedition Tour, to a UK venue of your choice, as well as a Berghaus Interactive Jacket that will either be 1x Men’s Extrem 5000 Vented Waterproof Jacket or 1x Women’s Extrem 5000 Vented Waterproof Jacket (the “Prize”).
6.	The Winner of the Prize will be selected by the Promoter on 11th February 2019 from all entries received. The Promoter’s decisions shall be final and no correspondence will be entered into. The Winner will be selected at random from all Competition Entries. The Winner will be contacted by direct message on Instagram or Facebook by 15th February 2019. If the Winner cannot be contacted and does not respond by 18th April 2019 the Promoter reserves the right to select another winner at random from the remaining eligible entries.
7.	The Prize does NOT include travel, accommodation or any other expenses associated with travelling to and from the event.
8.	The Winner agrees to take part in post-Competition publicity at the request of the Promoter. By entering the Competition, entrants agree to the Promoter’s unrestricted use of the Competition Entry and any post-Competition publicity for the Promoter’s own purposes in all activities including, without limitation, marketing and promotional activities worldwide including use on the Promoter’s websites and social networking platforms.
9.	The Prize may be altered or varied at the Promoter’s sole discretion and substituted with a prize which, in the Promoter’s sole opinion, is a suitable alternative. No cash alternatives are available. The Prize is non-transferable and may not be sold, offered for sale, coupled or bundled with any other product or services or used for any commercial or promotional purposes whatsoever.
10.	Once the Prize has been administered, the Promoter shall seek permission from the Winner to share the Winner’s name and county on www.berghaus.com and all associated social media accounts. The Winner’s name and county shall only be made available by the Promoter once consent has been obtained from the Winner.
11.	Personal data which is provided by you when you enter will be processed in a database for the purpose of managing entry into the Competition. By providing us with any personal information, you consent to the processing and storage of your personal information for this purpose. If you withdraw your consent, you will be withdrawn from the Competition.
Please read https://www.berghaus.com/termsandconditions.html
to understand more about how the Promoter will process your personal information.
12. 	Entrants accept that the Instagram page is offered on an “as is” and “as available” basis. While the Promoter takes all reasonable steps to ensure that the Instagram page is properly functioning at all times, the Promoter does not warrant that the Instagram page will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Instagram page or the server that makes it available are free of software viruses or bugs or other defects. The Promoter has no control over, and disclaims all responsibility for, any content which entrants (collectively known as “Users”), may encounter, or events which may occur as a result of any User’s use of the Instagram page to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the Promoter shall not be liable for any damages or other losses of any type whatsoever incurred by Users as a result of their use of the
Instagram page. The Promoter does not exclude liability for death or personal injury, or any other losses which cannot be excluded or limited by law. However, by accepting these Terms and Conditions, Users accept that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Promoter cannot be liable to Users for any loss or damage which entrants may suffer as a result of using the Instagram page. Users must take their own precautions (including but not limited to installing adequate protective measures to guard against software viruses and ensuring that up-to-date copies are made of all data) to protect Users against loss or damage.
13.	The Promoter reserves the right to amend these Terms and Conditions and/or cancel the Competition at its sole discretion.
14.	The Promoter of this Competition is Berghaus Limited, whose registered office is at Sunderland Enterprise Park, 12 Colima Ave, Sunderland SR5 3XB
15.	To the maximum extent permitted by law the Promoter and its related entities shall not be liable for any claims or actions of any kind whatsoever for damages or losses to persons or property which may be sustained in connection with receipt, ownership and/or use of the Prizes.
16.	By entering this Competition entrants agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. All entry instructions form part of these Terms and Conditions. English law governs this Competition and each party submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Berghaus Limited© 2020.
All rights reserved.
Customer Complaints Procedure
Customer Complaints Procedure
Here at Berghaus, we're proud of the products we manufacture and the services which we provide. If you have a complaint, we want to put things right as quickly as possible. Please speak to a member of our store team or customer service team who will be happy to assist. If you would like to make a formal complaint, please email customerservice@berghaus.com marking your email 'Complaint.' We acknowledge all complaints and aim to provide a response within fourteen (14) working days.
Any contact directed to individuals or departments within Berghaus will be referred to our Customer Services team and will be resolved via our complaint handling process.
Cookie Policy
Information about cookies
Our website uses cookies to improve its content and ease of use. Cookies are small files of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree.
We use session cookies that allow you to be remembered within the website, so any page changes or item or data selection you do is recalled from page to page. This means that you don’t get asked the same information that you’ve already given to the site. These cookies are temporary and are erased when you close your browser at the end of your surfing session.
We use tracking cookies. These help us to remember your information and settings when you visit our website in the future. This results in a faster and more convenient access and may enhance your experience of services or functions we offer. These cookies remain on your hard drive until you delete them or they expire (they have varying expiry dates, going up to two years).
We also use web analytics cookies to help us understand what content is most useful to our visitors. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they’re using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by making sure that users are finding what they need easily.
Our cookies do not keep personally identifiable information. None of the data we get from cookies will contain information that will enable anyone to contact you via telephone, email, or any other means.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies, you may not be able to access all, or parts of our site, and might not be able to shop on the website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon you visit our site.
VE Global UK Limited — to help make the ads you see after browsing our website more relevant and interesting to you, VE Global UK Limited uses cookies. These cookies allow us to show you our advertisements on websites across the internet based on your past activity on our website and personalise what you see while browsing our website. Click here to see Ve’s Cookie policy to see how your personal data is processed. To opt out visit: VE Global UK Limited: How to opt-out of our use of your personal information.
Please visit www.aboutcookies.org to find out more about cookies.
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Berghaus Ltd is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.   This policy together with the relevant terms of use and any other documents referred to sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
If you would prefer your personal data was not used in the manner described in this policy, you should not use our websites or services.
For the purpose of EU and UK data protection law, the data controller is Berghaus Ltd, 8 Manchester Square, London, W1U 3PH.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give to us. This is information about you that you provide to us when you use our websites or applications or correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our websites or applications, subscribe to our services, purchase a product, sign-up to receive our newsletters and offers, search for a product, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions or enter a competition, promotion, survey, market research, or any information you add to your online account (if you have one) as part of your ongoing use of the services. The information you give to us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial and credit card information, log-in details (if any), marketing preferences, and in some cases a personal description and photograph. If you contact us with a complaint or query, we may keep a record of your contact details and the correspondence between us and your levels of satisfaction. When we collect personal data from you we will indicate whether any personal data we have requested from you is mandatory or optional and explain the consequences if you decide not to provide that information. In some cases, not providing the information may mean we are unable to provide you with a product or service you have requested.
Information we collect about you.
When you visit our websites or applications or use our services, we will automatically collect the following information:
- technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, information about the device you use the application on, including the device’s unique identifiers and mobile network information, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
- information about your visit and use of our services, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for’ page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources.
This is information which we receive about you if you use any of our other websites, applications or services, login through a third party channel such as Facebook or Google or allow us to connect to third party devices or applications. We also receive information about you from other sources to enable us to provide you with a better user experience. For example, we work closely with third parties including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, customer management platforms, search information providers. We may also collect information about you from credit reference agencies where we have informed you this will take place.
COOKIES
Our websites and applications use cookies to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with a better user experience. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We (and our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006) will use this information:
- to carry out our obligations arising from any online or offline contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar or complementary to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
- with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. Where we contact you by electronic means for marketing purposes, we will only do so if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data (the registration form). You can also amend your preferences at any time. Please see the section ‘Marketing’ below;
- where you have provided your details to enable you to enter into one of our competitions, we will use the personal data you provide to process your entry into the competition and to communicate with you about this;
- to handle any customer service requests or other queries you communicate to us;
- to notify you about changes to our products or services;
- to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or mobile.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
- to provide the information, products and services that you request from us;
- to administer our websites or applications and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
- to enable you to have a single customer account and identity with us;
- to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
- to allow you to participate in interactive features of our services, when you choose to do so;
- as part of our efforts to keep our websites and applications safe and secure;
- to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
- to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users about goods or services that may interest you or them; and
- to allow us to receive feedback and conduct reviews of our products and services.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only process your personal data where we have a legal basis to do so. The legal basis will vary depending on the purposes for which we have collected and use your personal data. In almost all cases, the legal basis will be one of the following:
Consent: For example, where you have provided your consent to receive certain marketing from us. You can withdraw your consent at any time, including by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email we send you. Please see the section, ‘Marketing’ below.
Our legitimate business interests: Where it is necessary for us to understand our customers, promote our services and products and operate effectively as a business, provided in each case that this is done in a legitimate way which does not unduly affect your privacy and other rights. For example we will rely on this legal basis when we conduct certain market analysis to understand our customers in sufficient detail so we can raise the profile of our products and services and create new ones.
Performance of a contract with you: For example, where you have purchased one of our products or our services and we need to use your contact details and payment information in order to process your order and deliver the products or services to you.
Compliance with law: Where we are subject to a legal obligation and need to use your personal data in order to comply with that obligation.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal data to the following third parties, for the purposes set out below:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006, where these companies assist us in providing the services, administering our group operations or performing any of the tasks set out below;
- analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our websites and applications;
- third party customer management companies to enable you to have a unique customer identity with us which should enable you to access all our websites, applications and services with one single account and login details;
- credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you and
- our third party suppliers and professional advisors, who may need access to your personal data in order to provide services to us.
We may also disclose your personal data to third parties in the following circumstances:
- In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
- If Berghaus Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
- If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Berghaus Ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations (including law enforcement) for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), including in countries where you may have fewer legal rights than you do under the laws in your own country. Personal data may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers.  Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services.   We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Whenever we transfer your information as described in the paragraph above, we will take steps which are reasonably necessary to ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data and to make sure it is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice. In these cases, we rely on approved data transfer mechanisms (such as the EU “Standard Contractual Clauses”) to ensure your information is subject to adequate safeguards in the recipient country. If you are located in the EEA, you may contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your personal data and privacy rights in these circumstances.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites or applications, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We must not share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We may collect and store personal data on your device using application data caches and browser web storage (including HTML 5) and other technology.
THIRD PARTY SITES
Our websites and applications may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link, please note that those websites and applications will have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for them. Please check their policies before you submit any personal data.
We share your personal information with third parties who help us to deliver targeted marketing campaigns and to personalise your experience online. These providers include Ve Global UK Limited. Click here to see Ve’s privacy policy and to see how your personal data is being processed.
RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take steps to ensure that the personal data that you provide is retained for only as long as it is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. After this period it will be deleted or in some cases anonymised.
Where we have collected the personal data based on your consent and we have no other lawful basis to continue with that processing, if you subsequently withdraw your consent then we will delete your personal data.
MARKETING AND HOW TO UNSUBSCRIBE
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at Berghaus Ltd. Berghaus Customer Service, Unit 2 Walker Industrial Estate, Walker Road, Blackburn, BB1 2QE or via our contact us form.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time by clicking on the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email you’ve received. Should you experience any problems please call our Customer Services Team who will assist you with unsubscribing from our database.
If you have asked us to stop sending emails and this hasn’t happened, it may be because the email address to which we are sending information is not the same as the address you sent your request from. Please check the address we are using and include this information in your request. The easiest way to do this is to return to us the whole of the unwanted email. The address we are sending to is included within the message.
DELETING YOUR ACCOUNT
You can close your account with us at any time by contacting our customer service team at the address above or contact form.  If you choose to close your account, please note that you will no longer be able to access our website. We will delete the personal data associated with your account within a reasonable period, other than personal data which we have a need to retain for our internal business records (for example, data related to purchasing history).
YOUR RIGHTS
Data protection law gives you certain rights in relation to your personal data. These include: the right to access information held about you, the right to object to it being used for certain purposes (for example marketing, as explained above), and the right to have personal data deleted, restricted and in certain cases to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal data.
If you would like to exercise your right of access, to the extent you cannot access your information by logging into your online account, please submit your request at the address below, or using the contact us page online. If permitted by applicable law, any access request may be subject to a fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. For information about how to request the deletion of your personal data, see the section on ‘Deletion’ above.
We will handle any request to exercise your rights in accordance with applicable law and any relevant legal exemptions. If you wish to exercise any of these rights please conduct us using the contact details below.
You may also have the right to complain to a data protection authority if you think we have processed your personal data in a manner which is unlawful or breaches your rights. If you have such concerns we request that you initially contact us (using the contact details below) so that we can investigate, and hopefully resolve, your concerns.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to: Berghaus Ltd. Berghaus Customer Service, Unit 2 Walker Industrial Estate, Walker Road, Blackburn, BB1 2QE or via our contact us form.
Site Security
We take the privacy and security of your payment and personal details very seriously. Our site uses high-level SSL encryption technology from Digicert, one of the most advanced security solutions currently available for online payments.
You can tell whether a page is secure as 'https' will replace the 'http' at the front of the www.berghaus.com in your browser address window. A small locked padlock will also appear in the bottom bar of your browser window.
E-commerce Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Sale - Ecommerce
Welcome to berghaus.com (the “Website”). There are a few rules that our visitors must follow when using our Website, so we ask all our visitors to read our Terms and Conditions carefully.
This Website is brought to you by Berghaus Limited (“Berghaus”, or “we” or “us”) and all rights, including copyright, in the content of the Website is owned or controlled by Berghaus.
Berghaus and its affiliates provide access to the Website and sells its products to you subject to the Terms and Conditions set out on this page.
If you have any comments or queries relating to this Website, please contact us.
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Please carefully read these Terms and Conditions before purchasing any Berghaus products on the Website. By purchasing Berghaus products on the Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
1.         Your Account
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer to prevent unauthorised access to your account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be, used in an unauthorised manner.
Please ensure that the details you provide us with are correct and complete and inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when you registered.
The Website only sells products to individuals who can purchase with a credit card/debit card/PayPal. If you are under sixteen (16), you may use the Website only with the express permission and supervision of a parent or guardian.
Berghaus reserves the right to refuse access to the Website, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at its discretion. If we cancel an order, it will be without charge to you.
2.   Privacy
Please review our
Privacy Policy ;which, together with the fraud prevention section below, explains how the personal information we collect from you will be used.
3.  Our Contract
When you place an order to purchase a product from the Website, we will send you an email confirming receipt of your order and containing the details of your order. Your order represents an offer to us to purchase a product which is accepted by us when we send an email to you confirming that we have accepted the order (the ‘Order Confirmation Email’). Such acceptance will be complete at the time we send the Order Confirmation Email to you. You are seeking to enter into a contract with Berghaus when you place an order.
This contract is legally binding when you have placed an order, your order has been accepted by us and we have sent you the Confirmation Email.
Berghaus will retain the title in the products until full payment has been made by you and has been received by Berghaus.
Berghaus reserves the right to hold any orders prior to shipping for security review. Berghaus only delivers its products to the locations listed on the Website. In the event that an order is placed for a delivery to a location where we do not deliver to the order will be cancelled and a refund processed.
4.         Fraud prevention, fraud screening and age and identity verification checks
By confirming your order, including by taking the positive step of ticking the relevant box on our website, you will be indicating that you have read, understood and agree to these e-commerce terms and conditions and that you explicitly consent to your personal information being used by us, its third party service providers and Fraud Prevention Agencies (as further described below) for the following purposes.  You should not confirm your order or tick the relevant box on our website unless you consent to this use of your personal information.  If you have any questions at all about this, please contact us at customerservice@berghaus.com before you proceed with your purchase.
Your personal information including your full name and address, your bank account and card payment details and your sensitive personal data will be used for fraud prevention, fraud screening and age and identity verification purposes.  This personal information may be disclosed to and used by fraud prevention agencies (“FPAs”) for all such purposes and those agencies may keep a record of it where permitted by the Data Protection Act 1998 (as amended and/or replaced from time to time).  This personal information will also be disclosed to third parties providing fraud prevention, fraud screening and age and/or identity verification services us.
As part of this, we may check the following records about you:
•           our own records;
•           records held by third parties providing services to us; and
•           records at fraud prevention agencies (FPAs).
The checks described above may include assessing and verifying identities to prevent and detect fraud.  The information we obtain from third parties providing services to us and FPAs will help us to decide whether we are willing to accept payments from you through our website(s) and whether to complete the payment process through our website(s).
As explained above, personal information about you may be sent by us to FPAs and recorded by them.  In addition, we may give details of the payments you make to FPAs.  All such information may be supplied by the FPAs to other organisations in order that they may perform similar fraud prevention, fraud screening and age and identity verification checks against you, including as part of online transactions and otherwise.  Records remain on file for up to 6 years after checks are carried out.
If you give us false or inaccurate information about yourself and if we suspect fraudulent payments and/or identity fraud we will record this and may also pass this information to FPAs and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention. We and other organisations may access and use information which relates to you and which is recorded by FPAs in other countries.
This section constitutes a short form explanation about how your personal information may be used by us in conjunction with the FPAs.  If you would like to obtain full details about this, please contact us at customerservice@berghaus.com.
5.         Deliveries
We will endeavour to deliver all products you have ordered within 30 (thirty) days from your Order Confirmation Email. Please click here to view our delivery details and charges (if applicable).
Non-EU Customers
All products purchased from the Website are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss for such products pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. If you have received your Order Confirmation Email but your products have not arrived within the time specified in the Order Confirmation Email, please contact us and we will do our best to assist. Note that during exceptionally busy periods (e.g. Christmas) or when the weather is particularly inclement please allow an additional day before raising a query.
EU Customers
All products purchased from the Website are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss for such products will pass to you when we deliver your product(s) to the address you gave us or you (or, in limited circumstances, a carrier organised by you) collects the product(s) from us. You will be responsible for the product(s) once they have been delivered in accordance with the delivery instructions. If you have received your Order Confirmation Email but your products have not arrived within the time specified in the Order Confirmation Email, please contact us and we will do our best to assist. Note that during exceptionally busy periods (e.g. Christmas) or when the weather is particularly inclement please allow an additional day before raising a query.
If your order has not been received within our specified timescales as further set out below, in the first instance please check with your local mail delivery office to see that they are not holding your parcel. If they confirm that they do not have your products, please contact us and we will do our best to assist.
6.         Returns
You can only return Berghaus products that have been purchased directly through this Website. Berghaus products purchased at a retail store or from other websites must be returned to the original store or site from which they were purchased.
If for any reason you are not happy with your Berghaus products, please follow our Delivery, Returns, Exchanges and Repairs Policy, so that we can assist you in the exchange or refund of your order. Berghaus reserves the right to reject the return of products that are not returned in accordance with our Returns, Exchanges and Repairs Policy Procedure and we may request that you pay for delivery charges in returning such goods back to you. Our returns policy does not affect your statutory rights.
Returns
A.         Returns or Exchange
You may exchange or return new, unworn or unused products within thirty (30) days from the date on which the goods were shipped to you. Where you wish to exchange a product, please note that you may be required to pay an additional sum where the replacement product is more expensive that the original item purchased.
Please note: your right to exchange or return products is separate from your statutory right to cancel your order under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Payments) Regulations 2013 (see below).
Delivery Costs
If you are returning goods for exchange or return, you are responsible for the cost of returning them to us.
We will not refund the original delivery charge in the case of exchanges or returns.
Please note: If you are a UK or EU customer you will only be reimbursed the original delivery charge where you exercise your statutory right to cancel within the fourteen (14) day period beginning after the day of receipt of the goods under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Payments) Regulations 2013 – see Statutory Right to Cancel below.
You will also be liable for the delivery costs incurred by us in sending you any products as exchanges.
In the case of returns, you will only be refunded the value of the goods ordered.
We will only pay the return costs and subsequent re-delivery costs (if applicable) if the return is a result of our error or the goods are faulty.
This Returns Procedure does not affect your statutory right to cancel or any of your other statutory rights.
B.         Statutory Right to Cancel
If you are a UK or EU customer, in addition to our Returns or Exchange Procedure, you have fourteen (14) days (beginning the day after receipt of the goods) to cancel your purchase order under the Distance Selling Regulations.
These legal rights do not apply to non-EU customers.
Delivery Costs
Where you exercise your statutory right to cancel, we will provide a full refund on the price paid for the goods and the original delivery charge.
Where you fail to return the product(s) in question or you send them at our expense, or if our appointed courier collects the goods from you, we reserve the right to charge you for the direct costs incurred by us in collecting or returning the goods (other than where the goods have been sent to you in error or where such goods are faulty in which case, such costs shall be at our expense).
Where you exercise your right to cancel within fourteen (14) days, you should return the goods to us as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note: if we have provided any services as part of the purchase (e.g. products made to order or gift wrapping) and we have begun to provide these services before you have exercised your right to cancel, we shall not reimburse the costs of such services.
We will refund all monies received from you (including the outbound delivery cost) within 14 (fourteen) days of receiving the product(s) from you or within fourteen (14) days of you providing us with proof of return. Please note that if you have opted to deliver the product(s) back to us by more expensive means than the standard delivery option offered, you will not be refunded for the full outbound delivery cost. We will only refund you the cost of the standard delivery option.
How do I exercise my statutory right to cancel?
In order to exercise your right to cancel, please:
send an email to customerservice@berghaus.com; or
write to us at our address at the end of these terms;
making it clear in your correspondence that you are giving notice to exercise your statutory right to cancel.
Your email or letter will be deemed to have been received by us on the date you send it (provided it is sent to the correct address and it is sufficiently clear that you are exercising your right to cancel). Please try and keep the confirmation of any letter or email to demonstrate the date when you sent it.
C.         Conditions for All Returns, Exchanges or Statutory Right to Cancel
All goods must be returned to us unused, together with all original packaging (please note you have a duty to take reasonable care of returned goods and any refund may be withheld or a charge incurred if you fail to take such care and damage the goods). Please make sure that your return package is packed and sealed securely (in or with the original packaging if possible). Packages must be returned with the freight prepaid. We recommend the use of an insured parcel service, such as Royal Mail Special Delivery.
With your purchase of Berghaus products, you will receive a Delivery Note and Returns Form. To return items to us, whether for exchange or return, simply fill out your Returns Form as instructed, include the Returns Form in the package and attach the label (including your Delivery Note number) to the outside of the package then post it back to us. If you do not have your Delivery Note or Returns Form, our Returns Team will be happy to send you electronic copies for you to print off at home. You can contact them by clicking here.
Please do not return items to our head office address in Sunderland, as all returns are processed at our warehouse in the north-west of England. If you return items to our head office address, your return may be severely delayed.
Discrepancies
If there are any discrepancies with your order, you must notify us as soon as possible. If you have been shipped the incorrect goods then please do accept our apologies. Please follow the Returns Procedure and on receipt of your order, we will reimburse the cost of returning them to us. Any replacements will be sent to you at no extra cost to yourself.
Please note that the return postage refund will be sent to the original payment method used to place the order. Please allow up to thirty (30) days for your refund to be processed.
7.         Feedback and Complaints Policy
We welcome any comments about our service, so that we can improve what we are doing. Our aim is to deal with any problems quickly and fairly. If you have reason to complain about our service, please e-mail our Customer Services Team stating clearly that you are making a complaint. Alternatively, call us on the number stated on the Website and say that you wish to make a complaint. Our aim is to respond to your complaint within fourteen (14) working days, either resolving the complaint, or with a timescale for resolution.
8.         Pricing and availability
All prices are quoted in Pounds Sterling and are inclusive of VAT unless otherwise specified. All item prices are exclusive of delivery charges. We list availability information for products sold by us on the Website, including on each product information page. Beyond what we say on that page or otherwise on the Website, we cannot be more specific about availability. Please note that shipping dates are estimates only. Unless otherwise stated, dispatch dates are not guaranteed and should not be relied upon. As we process your order, we will inform you by email if any products you order are subsequently found to be unavailable.
Despite our best efforts, a small number of the products on the Website may be mis-priced. If a product's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and send you the product. If a product's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping the products or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
9.         Customs
When ordering products from the Website for delivery overseas you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches the specified destination. Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you as we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. Customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact the local customs office for further information. Additionally, please note that when ordering from the Website, you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which the products are received. Your privacy is important to us and we know that you care about how information about your order is used and shared. We would like our International customers and customers dispatching products internationally to be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities.
10.        Disclaimer and limitation of liability
This Website is provided by Berghaus on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Berghaus makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this Website or the information, content, materials, or products included on this Website. It is expressly agreed by you that your use of this Website is at your sole risk.
Berghaus disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of saleability and fitness for purpose to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law. Berghaus does not warrant that this Website, its servers, or e-mail by us are free of viruses or other harmful components. Berghaus will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this Website, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
Laws of certain countries or states do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
11.        Electronic communications
When you visit the Website or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Website. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us electronically and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
12.        Disputes
We are under a legal obligation to notify you that certain disputes can be settled by Alternative Dispute Resolution (“ADR”). The approved body to resolve disputes via ADR in our industry is The Retail Ombudsman. Alternatively, there is also an Online Dispute Resolution (“ODR”) Platform available here: //ec.europa.eu/odr
However, please note that settling disputes via ADR or ODR is not mandatory and we have not elected to resolve our disputes via ADR or ODR.
This means that any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Website or to products you purchase through the Website may be submitted to the courts of England and Wales, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Berghaus’ intellectual property rights, Berghaus may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any court in any country in the world, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.
13.        Alteration of Service or Amendments to the Conditions
We reserve the right to make changes to our Website, policies, and these Terms and Conditions of Sale at any time. Your usage of the Website and your orders will be subject to the policies and Terms and Conditions of Sale in force at the time that you use the Website or that you order products from us, unless any change to those policies or these conditions is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you). If any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions of Sale are deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining conditions.
14.        Events beyond our reasonable control
Berghaus will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
15.        Waiver
If you breach these Terms and Conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
16.        Governing law and jurisdiction
Your use of the Website, any purchase by you on the Website of any products and these conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and will be deemed to have occurred in England. You agree, as we do, to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Your statutory rights are not affected by these Terms and Conditions of Sale.
17.       Our details
berghaus.com is owned by Berghaus Limited, 12 Colima Avenue, Sunderland Enterprise Park, Sunderland SR5 3XB, England.
Business Terms and Conditions
BERGHAUS LIMITED (the “Company”) - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE – UNITED KINGDOM
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) shall govern all sales of Goods by the Company to the Customer. The Company reserves the right to amend these Terms from time to time, any such changes shall apply to any Orders placed after the date the updated Terms are placed on the Company’s website. The Customer should check these Terms regularly for any changes. In these Terms “Contract” means the contract for the supply of Goods, “Customer” means the person or company that purchases the Goods from the Company, “Goods” means any goods supplied or to be supplied by the Company to the Customer and “Order” means the Customer’s order for the Goods.
Contract
1.    These Terms apply to the Contract to the exclusion of any other terms, including any that the Customer seeks to impose or incorporate, or any which are implied by trade, custom, practice or course of dealings.
2.    The Order constitutes an offer by the Customer to purchase Goods in accordance with these Terms and shall only be deemed accepted when the Company issues a written acceptance, at which point the Contract shall come into existence.
3.    The Company reserves the right to amend any accidental error or omission on price lists, quotations, order acknowledgements, invoices, credit notes or other Company documentation.
4.    Once accepted, the Customer may not cancel any Order or return Goods without the Company’s prior written consent.  Such consent may be subject to conditions (in the Company’s sole discretion) and any returns will be subject to the Company’s returns policy (including a 20% handling charge).
Delivery
5.    Delivery times and dates stated by the Company are approximate only, time of delivery shall not be of the essence. The Company accepts no liability and the Customer shall not be entitled to cancel the Contract for any failure to comply with such times and dates. For the avoidance of doubt the Company shall not be liable for any penalties or charges the Customer attempts to impose in relation to late or non-delivery.
6.    Delivery of the Goods shall be made in accordance with the Incoterm (as defined in the latest published version of Incoterms), and to the delivery location, stated on the Order acknowledgement issued by the Company. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company, the deemed delivery and responsibility for insurance, transit costs and compliance with any applicable customs formalities shall be determined by the Incoterm stated on the Order acknowledgement.
7.    For direct deliveries the Customer shall obtain at its own risk and expense any export licence or other official authorisation and carry out all customs formalities necessary for the exportation of Goods at the named place of destination on the Incoterm as advised by the Company from time to time.
8.    Any shortage, loss or non-delivery must be notified to the Company within 3 days of the delivery date on the advice note or invoice. The Customer shall not be entitled to reject the Goods if the Company delivers up to and including 5% more or less than the quantity of Goods ordered, but a pro rata adjustment shall be made to the Order invoice providing the Company receives notification within 3 days of delivery.
9.    The Company shall be entitled to deliver the Goods by instalments. Any delay in delivery or defect in an instalment shall not entitle the Customer to cancel any other instalment.
10.    If the Customer fails to take delivery of the Goods on the date of delivery, the Company shall, without prejudice to its other rights, be entitled to store the Goods at the Customer’s risk and cost.
Price and Payment
11.    Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company, the price of the Goods shall be that which is stipulated in the Company’s applicable price list (the “Price List”) in force at the date of the Company’s acceptance of the Order. The Price Lists are subject to alteration without notice.  In the case of an Order delivered by instalments, each instalment shall be invoiced at the price stipulated in the Price List in force at the date of despatch of the instalment. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company, prices set out in any of the Company’s price lists, quotations and acknowledgement of Order are exclusive of the costs of delivery, packing, insurance or any value added, purchase or other taxes which shall be payable in addition to the price when the price is due.
12.    The Company shall be entitled to charge the Customer a surcharge for Orders of less than £250 exc VAT or of such value or quantities as notified by the Company to the Customer from time to time.
13.    The Company shall invoice the Customer for the Goods on or after despatch of the Goods. The Company shall be entitled to invoice each instalment as and when each instalment is despatched.
14.    The Customer shall make payment of sums due to the Company to the bank account nominated in writing by the Company in the currency stated on the invoice within 30 days from the date of the relevant invoice. Time for payment of the Goods (including, without limit, any costs or charges payable) shall be of the essence. Payment shall only be deemed received by the Company upon receipt of cleared funds. The Customer may not withhold or make any deduction from or set off against any payment due to the Company for any reason.
15.    The Company may charge interest on any outstanding amounts from the due payment date until the date of payment at a rate of 2% above National Westminster Bank plc’s base lending rate from time to time in force.
16.    The Company’s recommended retail prices shall not limit the Customer’s right to set its own resale prices.
Quality
17.    Whilst every effort will be made to supply Goods in accordance with samples and/or agreed specifications, the Company reserves the right to modify specifications, designs and materials where such modifications do not materially affect the quality or fitness for purpose of the Goods or where it is necessary to comply with any applicable standards or legal requirements.
18.    The Company warrants that on delivery the Goods shall be free from material defects in materials and workmanship. The Company will either replace or refund (at the Company’s option) the price of any Goods which are shown to the Company’s reasonable satisfaction to be defective in materials or workmanship at the time of delivery provided that:
18.1.    the Customer inspects the Goods on delivery and notifies the Company within 3 days of delivery of any alleged defects or damage. Otherwise, the Goods shall be deemed to be in accordance with the Contract and free from any defect or damage which would be apparent upon a reasonable examination;
18.2.    where a defect would not have been apparent on a reasonable examination under clause 18.1, the Customer notifies the Company as soon as reasonably possible when the defect becomes apparent or within 180 days of delivery whichever is earlier;
18.3.    the Customer provides the Company all information and assistance required to investigate any suspected defect and, if required, permits an inspection of the Goods concerned where they are located: and
18.4.    the default complained of has not arisen as a result of any drawing, design or specification supplied by the Customer or from fair wear and tear, wilful damage, negligence, abnormal working conditions, failure to follow the Company’s instructions (whether oral or in writing or whether relating without limit to the fabrication (e.g. the quality or performance of the fabrics), operation, use or maintenance of the Goods), or misuse or alteration or repair of the Goods without the Company’s prior written approval.
19.    Subject to clauses 20 and 21, clause 18 defines the Company’s full liability in respect of the Goods and all other conditions, warranties or undertakings whether express or implied by statute, common law, custom, usage or otherwise, are excluded to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law.
Limitation of Liability
20.    Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit the liability of the Company for (i) death or personal injury resulting from its negligence, (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, (iii) breach of terms as to title under Section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 or (iv) any other loss or damage the exclusion or limitation of which is prohibited by English law.
21.    Subject to clause 20;
21.1.    the Company shall in no circumstances be liable to the Customer in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, (i) for any economic loss of any kind whatsoever, including without limit loss of profit, business contracts, revenues or anticipated savings, or (ii) for damage to the Customer’s reputation or goodwill, or (iii) for any loss resulting from any claim made by any third party, or (iv) any indirect, special or consequential loss or damage of any nature whatsoever; and
21.2.    the total liability of the Company to the Customer whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, shall not in any circumstances exceed the invoice value of the Goods.
22.    The Company shall not be liable in any way for loss, damage or expense arising directly or indirectly from any failure or delay in performing any obligation under any contract caused by any circumstances beyond its reasonable control, which shall, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, be deemed to include war or any action of military forces, terrorism, riot, civil commotion, sabotage, vandalism, accident, break-down or damage to machinery or equipment, fire, flood, legislative or administrative interference, acts of God, strike, lock-out or other industrial disputes (whether or not involving employees of the Company) or shortage of materials or the Company’s inability to procure materials or supplies. On the occurrence of any such event, the Company may at its discretion, perform, suspend performance of or terminate the Contract.
Customer Obligations
23.    The Customer must adhere to the Company’s retail guidelines and online guidelines as notified by the Company from time to time.  In the event that the Customer re-sells the Goods to a wholesale or retail customer, such Goods may only be resold to accounts which meet the Company’s retail guidelines and online guidelines.
24.    Customers within the EEA shall not:
24.1.    sell any Goods outside the EEA and/or Switzerland or sell any Goods within the EEA where, to its knowledge, such Goods are intended for re-sale or distribution outside the EEA and/or Switzerland; or
24.2.    actively approach or solicit customers, nor make active sales of the Goods, to any wholesale or retail account in any EEA country and Switzerland where sales of Goods are either exclusively reserved to the Company or to a third party.
25.    In the event that a Customer within the EEA re-sells Goods to a wholesale or retail account, the Customer shall include in their conditions of sale a provision that:
25.1.    Goods may not be sold outside of the EEA and Goods shall not be sold within the EEA where such Goods are intended for re-sale or distribution outside of the EEA; and
25.2.    Goods may only be re-sold to accounts which meet the Company’s retail guidelines and online guidelines.
Title and Risk in the Goods
26.    Goods shall be at the Customer's risk as soon as they are delivered to the Customer and without limitation to the foregoing the Customer shall be solely responsible for their custody and maintenance;
27.    The legal and beneficial title to the Goods shall remain the Company’s property until the Company has received unconditional payment in full for:
27.1.    the Goods; and
27.2.    all payments to be made by the Customer under the Contract and any other agreement between the Company and the Customer and on any other account whatsoever.
28.    Until the legal and beneficial title to the Goods passes to the Customer in accordance with these Terms, the Customer shall:
28.1.    be entitled to re-sell the Goods only in accordance with clause 31;
28.2.    hold the Goods on a fiduciary basis as bailee for the Company;
28.3.    keep the Goods labelled as belonging to the Company and separate and identifiable from all other goods in its possession;
28.4.    not remove, deface or obscure any identifying mark or packaging on or in relation to the Goods;
28.5.    give the Company such information relating to the Goods as the Company may from time to time request;
28.6.    immediately notify the Company if it becomes subject to any of the events listed in clause 32.4;
28.7.    keep the Goods in satisfactory condition and comprehensively insured against loss or damage by accident, fire, theft and other risks usually covered by insurance in the type of business carried on by the Customer in an amount at least equal to the balance of the payments due hereunder for the same from time to time remaining outstanding.  The policy shall bear an endorsement recording the Company’s interest, and the Customer shall promptly provide a copy of such endorsement at the Company’s request.
29.    If the Customer does anything, or fails to do anything, which could cause it to become subject to any of the events listed in clause 32.4, or if the Company reasonably believes any such event is about to happen, then:
29.1.    the Customer’s right to possession of the Goods shall immediately cease;
29.2.    the Customer’s right to resell the Goods to its clients pursuant to clause 31 shall immediately cease; and
29.3.    in addition to any other right or remedy the Company may have, the Company may at any time require the Customer to deliver up the Goods and, if the Customer fails to do so promptly (or if the Company has any reason to believe the Customer will not do so), enter any premises or land occupied or owned by the Customer to remove the Goods; and
30.    If the Customer fails to pay for any or all of the Goods in accordance with these Terms, then in addition to any other right or remedy the Company may have:
30.1.    the Company shall have the power to resell the Goods, such power being additional to (and not in substitution for) any other power of sale arising by operation of law or implication or otherwise; and
30.2.    the Company and its servants and agents may enter upon any premises or land occupied or owned by the Customer to remove the Goods;
31.    The Customer expressly shall not be entitled to re-sell the Goods as part of a sale of all or part of the Customer’s business without the prior written consent of the Company, and
31.1.    may only re-sell the Goods to the Customer’s clients in the ordinary course of the Customer’s trading business as a fiduciary and trustee for the Company; and
31.2.    without prejudice to the equitable rules as to tracing, in the event of any resale by the Customer of the Goods, the Company's beneficial entitlement shall attach to the proceeds of sale or other disposition thereof so that such proceeds or any claim therefore shall be assigned to the Company and until such assignment shall be held on trust in a separate identified account for the Company by the Customer and such proceeds shall not be mingled with other monies or paid into any overdrawn bank account and shall at all times be identifiable as the Company’s monies.
Termination
32.    Without prejudice to any of its other rights, the Company or any related companies shall have the right to cancel all or any contracts with the Customer and withhold delivery of any Goods if the Customer:-
32.1.    commits a material breach of any term of the Contract or any contract with the Company or any related company;
32.2.    fails to pay any amount due to the Company or any related companies by the due date for payment;
32.3.    commits a breach of clause 23 or 24 and fails to remedy that breach within 20 days of receipt of notice from the Company specifying the breach;
32.4.    the Customer compounds with or executes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or commits any act of bankruptcy or goes into liquidation or has a receiver, administrative receiver or administrator appointed over all or part of its assets or has a third party levy distress on their property, or proposes terms for a company voluntary arrangement or enters into  a company voluntary arrangement or enters into any other scheme of arrangement, whether formal or informal or is placed into any other formal insolvency process or suffers any similar or analogous act; or
32.5.    goes through a change of control (as defined in s.1124 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010).
33.    On termination of the Contract for any reason the Customer shall immediately pay to the Company all of the Customer’s outstanding unpaid invoices and interest.  Clauses which expressly or by implication survive termination of the Contract shall continue in full force and effect.
Intellectual Property, Confidentiality and General
34.    The Customer shall ensure that no trade mark or logo used on or in connection with any of the Goods or their packaging is added to, obscured, removed, defaced, altered or otherwise interfered with in any way.
35.    Trade marks and/or logos applied to any of the Goods may be used only for the purpose of advertising the Customer’s sale of the Goods provided that the Company’s prior written consent is obtained.
36.    No rights are granted to the Customer by virtue of its use of the Company’s trade marks or logos.
37.    The Customer shall keep confidential and not use, without the prior written consent of the Company, any information of a confidential nature supplied or disclosed by the Company to the Customer, and shall not divulge the same to any third party except to the extent that any such information is or becomes public through no fault of the Customer, or disclosure of the same is required by law or by a governmental or regulatory body.
38.    The Customer may not assign or sub-contract any of its rights or obligations under the Contract without the Company’s prior written consent.  The Company may assign, licence or sub-contract all or any of its rights or obligations under the Contract.
39.    A person who is not a party to the Contract shall not have any rights to enforce its terms.
40.    The Customer shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations, codes and sanctions relating to anti-bribery and anti-corruption and shall act in accordance with the Company’s policies in this regard in all dealings with or on behalf of the Company and the Goods.
41.    Any part of these Terms or the Contract which is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable and shall not affect any other part of these Terms or the Contract.
42.    No waiver or delay by the Company (express or implied) in enforcing any of its rights under a Contract shall prejudice its right to do so in the future.
43.    No variation of these Terms or the Contract shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the Company.
44.    Each Contract contains the whole agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, undertakings and arrangements whether oral or in writing.  All other understandings, agreements, warranties, conditions, terms or representations, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise, are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
45.    The construction, validity and performance of all Contracts (including any associated non-contractual claims and disputes) between the parties shall be governed by the laws of England & Wales and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts although this shall not limit the right of the Company to commence proceedings in any jurisdiction the Company deems appropriate.
BERGHAUS LIMITED (the “Company”) - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE - INTERNATIONAL
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) shall govern all sales of Goods by the Company to the Customer. The Company reserves the right to amend these Terms from time to time, any such changes shall apply to any Orders placed after the date the updated Terms are placed on the Company’s website. The Customer should check these Terms regularly for any changes. In these Terms “Contract” means the contract for the supply of Goods, “Customer” means the person or company that purchases the Goods from the Company, “Goods” means any goods supplied or to be supplied by the Company to the Customer and “Order” means the Customer’s order for the
Contract
1.    These Terms apply to the Contract to the exclusion of any other terms, including any that the Customer seeks to impose or incorporate, or any which are implied by trade, custom, practice or course of dealings.
2.    The Order constitutes an offer by the Customer to purchase Goods in accordance with these Terms and shall only be deemed accepted when the Company issues a written acceptance, at which point the Contract shall come into existence.
3.    The Company reserves the right to amend any accidental error or omission on price lists, quotations, order acknowledgements, invoices, credit notes or other Company documentation.
4.    Once accepted, the Customer may not cancel any Order or return Goods without the Company’s prior written consent.  Such consent may be subject to conditions (in the Company’s sole discretion) and any returns will be subject to the Company’s returns policy (including a 20% handling charge).
Delivery
5.    Delivery times and/or dates stated by the Company are approximate only, time of delivery shall not be of the essence. The Company accepts no liability for any failure to comply with such times and dates. The Customer shall have no right to cancel the Contract in the event of such a failure. For the avoidance of doubt the Company shall not be liable for any penalties or charges that the Customer attempts to impose in relation to late delivery or non-delivery.
6.    Delivery of the Goods shall be made in accordance with the Incoterm (as defined in the latest published version of Incoterms), and to the delivery location, stated on the Order acknowledgement issued by the Company. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company, the deemed delivery and responsibility for insurance, transit costs and compliance with any applicable customs formalities shall be determined by the Incoterm stated on the Order acknowledgement.
7.    For direct deliveries the Customer shall obtain at its own risk and expense any export licence or other official authorisation and carry out all customs formalities necessary for the exportation of Goods at the named place of destination on the Incoterm as advised by the Company from time to time.
8.    Any shortage, loss or non-delivery must be notified to the Company within 10 days of the delivery date on the advice note or invoice. The Customer shall not be entitled to reject the Goods if the Company delivers up to and including 5% more or less than the quantity of Goods ordered, but a pro rata adjustment shall be made to the Order invoice providing the Company receives notification within 10 days of delivery.
9.    The Company shall be entitled to deliver the Goods by instalments. Any delay in delivery or defect in an instalment shall not entitle the Customer to cancel any other instalment.
10.    If the Customer fails to take delivery of the Goods on the date of delivery, the Company shall, without prejudice to its other rights, be entitled to store the Goods at the Customer’s risk and cost.
Price and Payment
11.    Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company, the price of the Goods shall be that which is stipulated in the Company’s applicable price list (the “Price List”) in force at the date of the Company’s acceptance of the Order. The Price Lists are subject to alteration without notice.  In the case of an Order delivered by instalments, each instalment shall be invoiced at the price stipulated in the Price List in force at the date of despatch of the instalment. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company, prices set out in any of the Company’s price lists, quotations and acknowledgement of Order are exclusive of the costs of delivery, packing, insurance or any value added, purchase or other taxes which shall be payable in addition to the price when the price is due.
12.    The Company shall be entitled to charge the Customer a surcharge for Orders of less than £250 or €300 excluding VAT or of such value or quantities as notified by the Company to the Customer from time to time.
13.    The Company shall invoice the Customer for the Goods on or after despatch of the Goods. The Company shall be entitled to invoice each instalment as and when each instalment is despatched.
14.    The Customer shall make payment of sums due to the Company to the bank account nominated in writing by the Company in the currency stated on the invoice within 30 days from the date of the relevant invoice. Time for payment of the Goods (including, without limit, any costs or charges payable) shall be of the essence. Payment shall only be deemed received by the Company upon receipt of cleared funds. The Customer may not withhold or make any deduction from or set off against any payment due to the Company for any reason.
15.    The Company may charge interest on any outstanding amounts from the due payment date until the date of payment at a rate of 2% above National Westminster Bank plc’s base lending rate from time to time in force.
16.    The Company’s recommended retail prices shall not limit the Customer’s right to set its own resale prices.
Quality
17.    Whilst every effort will be made to supply Goods in accordance with samples and/or agreed specifications, the Company reserves the right to modify specifications, designs and materials where such modifications do not materially affect the quality or fitness for purpose of the Goods or where it is necessary to comply with any applicable standards or legal requirements.
18.    The Company warrants that on delivery the Goods shall be free from material defects in materials and workmanship. The Company will either replace or refund (at the Company’s option) the price of any Goods which are shown to the Company’s reasonable satisfaction to be defective in materials or workmanship at the time of delivery provided that:
18.1.    the Customer inspects the Goods on delivery and notifies the Company within 10 days of delivery of any alleged defects or damage. Otherwise, the Goods shall be deemed to be in accordance with the Contract and free from any defect or damage which would be apparent upon a reasonable examination;
18.2.    where a defect would not have been apparent on a reasonable examination under clause 18.1, the Customer notifies the Company as soon as reasonably possible when the defect becomes apparent or within 180 days of delivery whichever is earlier;
18.3.    the Customer provides the Company all information and assistance required to investigate any suspected defect and, if required, permits an inspection of the Goods concerned where they are located: and
18.4.    the default complained of has not arisen as a result of any drawing, design or specification supplied by the Customer or from fair wear and tear, wilful damage, negligence, abnormal working conditions, failure to follow the Company’s instructions (whether oral or in writing or whether relating without limit to the fabrication (e.g. the quality or performance of the fabrics), operation, use or maintenance of the Goods), or misuse or alteration or repair of the Goods without the Company’s prior written approval.
19.    Subject to clauses 20 and 21, clause 18 defines the Company’s full liability in respect of the Goods and all other conditions, warranties or undertakings whether express or implied by statute, common law, custom, usage or otherwise, are excluded to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law.
Limitation of Liability
20.    Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit the liability of the Company for (i) death or personal injury resulting from its negligence, (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, (iii) breach of terms as to title under Section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 or (iv) any other loss or damage the exclusion or limitation of which is prohibited by English law.
21.    Subject to clause 20;
21.1.    the Company shall in no circumstances be liable to the Customer in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, (i) for any economic loss of any kind whatsoever, including without limit loss of profit, business contracts, revenues or anticipated savings, or (ii) for damage to the Customer’s reputation or goodwill, or (iii) for any loss resulting from any claim made by any third party, or (iv) any indirect, special or consequential loss or damage of any nature whatsoever; and
21.2.    the total liability of the Company to the Customer whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, shall not in any circumstances exceed the invoice value of the Goods.
22.    The Company shall not be liable in any way for loss, damage or expense arising directly or indirectly from any failure or delay in performing any obligation under any contract caused by any circumstances beyond its reasonable control, which shall, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, be deemed to include war or any action of military forces, terrorism, riot, civil commotion, sabotage, vandalism, accident, break-down or damage to machinery or equipment, fire, flood, legislative or administrative interference, acts of God, strike, lock-out or other industrial disputes (whether or not involving employees of the Company) or shortage of materials or the Company’s inability to procure materials or supplies. On the occurrence of any such event, the Company may at its discretion, perform, suspend performance of or terminate the Contract.
Customer Obligations
23.    The Customer must adhere to the Company’s retail guidelines and online guidelines as notified by the Company from time to time.  In the event that the Customer re-sells the Goods to a wholesale or retail customer, such Goods may only be resold to accounts which meet the Company’s retail guidelines and online guidelines.
24.    Customers within the EEA shall not:
24.1.    sell any Goods outside the EEA and/or Switzerland or sell any Goods within the EEA where, to its knowledge, such Goods are intended for re-sale or distribution outside the EEA and/or Switzerland; or
24.2.    actively approach or solicit customers, nor make active sales of the Goods, to any wholesale or retail account in any EEA country and Switzerland where sales of Goods are either exclusively reserved to the Company or to a third party.
25.    In the event that a Customer within the EEA re-sells Goods to a wholesale or retail account, the Customer shall include in their conditions of sale a provision that:
25.1.    Goods may not be sold outside of the EEA and Goods shall not be sold within the EEA where such Goods are intended for re-sale or distribution outside of the EEA; and
25.2.    Goods may only be re-sold to accounts which meet the Company’s retail guidelines and online guidelines.
26.    Customers outside of the EEA shall not:
26.1.    sell any Goods outside of the territory agreed between the Company and the Customer from time to time;
26.2.    sell any Goods within the territory agreed between the Company and the Customer from time to time where such Goods are intended for re-sale or distribution outside of that territory.
27.    In the event that the Customer re-sells Goods to a wholesale or retail account, the Customer shall include in their conditions of sale, a provision that:
27.1.    Goods may not be sold outside of the territory agreed between the Company and the Customer;
27.2.    Goods shall not be sold in the Customer’s territory where such Goods are intended for resale or distribution outside of the Customer’s territory; and
27.3.    Goods may only be re-sold to accounts which meet the Company’s retail guidelines and online guidelines.
Title and Risk in the Goods
28.    Goods shall be at the Customer's risk as soon as they are delivered to the Customer and without limitation to the foregoing the Customer shall be solely responsible for their custody and maintenance;
29.    The legal and beneficial title to the Goods shall remain the Company’s property until the Company has received unconditional payment in full for:
29.1.    the Goods; and
29.2.    all payments to be made by the Customer under the Contract and any other agreement between the Company and the Customer and on any other account whatsoever.
30.    Until the legal and beneficial title to the Goods passes to the Customer in accordance with these Terms, the Customer shall:
30.1.    be entitled to re-sell the Goods only in accordance with clause 33;
30.2.    hold the Goods on a fiduciary basis as bailee for the Company;
30.3.    keep the Goods labelled as belonging to the Company and separate and identifiable from all other goods in its possession;
30.4.    not remove, deface or obscure any identifying mark or packaging on or in relation to the Goods;
30.5.    give the Company such information relating to the Goods as the Company may from time to time request;
30.6.    immediately notify the Company if it becomes subject to any of the events listed in clause 34.4;
30.7.    keep the Goods in satisfactory condition and comprehensively insured against loss or damage by accident, fire, theft and other risks usually covered by insurance in the type of business carried on by the Customer in an amount at least equal to the balance of the payments due hereunder for the same from time to time remaining outstanding.  The policy shall bear an endorsement recording the Company’s interest, and the Customer shall promptly provide a copy of such endorsement at the Company’s request.
31.    If the Customer does anything, or fails to do anything, which could cause it to become subject to any of the events listed in clause 34.4, or if the Company reasonably believes any such event is about to happen, then:
31.1.    the Customer’s right to possession of the Goods shall immediately cease;
31.2.    the Customer’s right to resell the Goods to its clients pursuant to clause 33 shall immediately cease; and
31.3.    in addition to any other right or remedy the Company may have, the Company may at any time require the Customer to deliver up the Goods and, if the Customer fails to do so promptly (or if the Company has any reason to believe the Customer will not do so), enter any premises or land occupied or owned by the Customer to remove the Goods; and
32.    If the Customer fails to pay for any or all of the Goods in accordance with these Terms, then in addition to any other right or remedy the Company may have:
32.1.    the Company shall have the power to resell the Goods, such power being additional to (and not in substitution for) any other power of sale arising by operation of law or implication or otherwise; and
32.2.    the Company and its servants and agents may enter upon any premises or land occupied or owned by the Customer to remove the Goods;
33.    The Customer expressly shall not be entitled to re-sell the Goods as part of a sale of all or part of the Customer’s business without the prior written consent of the Company, and
33.1.    may only re-sell the Goods to the Customer’s clients in the ordinary course of the Customer’s trading business as a fiduciary and trustee for the Company; and
33.2.    without prejudice to the equitable rules as to tracing, in the event of any resale by the Customer of the Goods, the Company's beneficial entitlement shall attach to the proceeds of sale or other disposition thereof so that such proceeds or any claim therefore shall be assigned to the Company and until such assignment shall be held on trust in a separate identified account for the Company by the Customer and such proceeds shall not be mingled with other monies or paid into any overdrawn bank account and shall at all times be identifiable as the Company’s monies.
Termination
34.    Without prejudice to any of its other rights, the Company or any related companies shall have the right to cancel all or any contracts with the Customer and withhold delivery of any Goods if the Customer:-
34.1.    commits a material breach of any term of the Contract or any contract with the Company or any related companies;
34.2.    fails to pay any amount due to the Company or any related companies by the due date for payment;
34.3.    commits a breach of clause 23 - 27 and fails to remedy that breach within 20 days of receipt of notice from the Company specifying the breach;
34.4.    the Customer compounds with or executes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or commits any act of bankruptcy or goes into liquidation or has a receiver, administrative receiver or administrator appointed over all or part of its assets or has a third party levy distress on their property, or proposes terms for a company voluntary arrangement or enters into  a company voluntary arrangement or enters into any other scheme of arrangement, whether formal or informal or is placed into any other formal insolvency process or suffers any similar or analogous act; or
34.5.    goes through a change of control (as defined in s.1124 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010).
35.    On termination of the Contract for any reason the Customer shall immediately pay to the Company all of the Customer’s outstanding unpaid invoices and interest.  Clauses which expressly or by implication survive termination of the Contract shall continue in full force and effect.
Intellectual Property and Confidentiality
36.    The Customer shall ensure that no trade mark or logo used on or in connection with any of the Goods or their packaging is added to, obscured, removed, defaced, altered or otherwise interfered with in any way.
37.    Trade marks and/or logos applied to any of the Goods may be used only for the purpose of advertising the Customer’s sale of the Goods provided that the Company’s prior written consent is obtained.
38.    No rights are granted to the Customer by virtue of its use of the Company’s trade marks or logos.
39.    The Customer shall keep confidential and not use, without the prior written consent of the Company, any information of a confidential nature supplied or disclosed by the Company to the Customer, and shall not divulge the same to any third party except to the extent that any such information is or becomes public through no fault of the Customer, or disclosure of the same is required by law or by a governmental or regulatory body.
General
40.    The Customer may not assign or sub-contract any of its rights or the obligations under the Contract without the prior written consent of the Company.  The Company may assign, licence or sub-contract all or any part of its rights or obligations under the Contract.
41.    A person who is not a party to the Contract shall not have any rights to enforce its terms.
42.    The Customer shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations, codes and sanctions relating to anti-bribery and anti-corruption and shall act in accordance with the Company’s policies in this regard in all dealings with or on behalf of the Company and the Goods.
43.    Any part of these Terms or the Contract which is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable and shall not affect any other part of these Terms or the Contract.
44.    No waiver or delay by the Company (express or implied) in enforcing any of its rights under a Contract shall prejudice its right to do so in the future.
45.    No variation of these Terms or the Contract shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the Company.
46.    Each Contract contains the whole agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, undertakings and arrangements whether oral or in writing.  All other understandings, agreements, warranties, conditions, terms or representations, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise, are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
47.    The construction, validity and performance of all Contracts (including any associated non-contractual claims and disputes) between the parties shall be governed by the laws of England & Wales and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts although this shall not limit the right of the Company to commence proceedings in any jurisdiction the Company deems appropriate.
BERGHAUS LIMITED (the “Company”) - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE – DIRECT DELIVERY
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) shall govern all sales of Goods by the Company to the Customer. The Company reserves the right to amend these Terms from time to time, any such changes shall apply to any Orders placed after the date the updated Terms are placed on the Company’s website. The Customer should check these Terms regularly for any changes. In these Terms “Contract” means the contract for the supply of Goods, “Customer” means the person or company that purchases the Goods from the Company, “Goods” means any goods supplied or to be supplied by the Company to the Customer and “Order” means the Customer’s order for the Goods.
Contract
1.    These Terms apply to the Contract to the exclusion of any other terms, including any that the Customer seeks to impose or incorporate, or any which are implied by trade, custom, practice or course of dealings.
2.    The Order constitutes an offer by the Customer to purchase Goods in accordance with these Terms and shall only be deemed accepted when the Company issues a written acceptance, at which point the Contract shall come into existence.
3.    The Company reserves the right to amend any accidental error or omission on price lists, quotations, order acknowledgements, invoices, credit notes or other Company documentation.
4.    Once accepted, the Customer may not cancel any Order or return Goods without the Company’s prior written consent.  Such consent may be subject to conditions (in the Company’s sole discretion) and any returns will be subject to the Company’s returns policy (including a 20% handling charge).
Delivery
5.    Delivery times and/or dates stated by the Company are approximate only, time of delivery shall not be of the essence. The Company accepts no liability for any failure to comply with such times and dates. The Customer shall have no right to cancel the Contract in the event of such a failure. For the avoidance of doubt the Company shall not be liable for any penalties or charges that the Customer attempts to impose in relation to late delivery or non-delivery.
6.    Delivery of the Goods shall be made in accordance with the Incoterm (as defined in the latest published version of Incoterms), and to the delivery location, stated on the Order acknowledgement issued by the Company. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company, the deemed delivery and responsibility for insurance, transit costs and compliance with any applicable customs formalities shall be determined by the Incoterm stated on the Order acknowledgement.
7.    For direct deliveries the Customer shall obtain at its own risk and expense any export licence or other official authorisation and carry out all customs formalities necessary for the exportation of Goods at the named place of destination on the Incoterm as advised by the Company from time to time.
8.    Any shortage, loss or non-delivery must be notified to the Company within 10 days of the delivery date on the advice note or invoice. The Customer shall not be entitled to reject the Goods if the Company delivers up to and including 5% more or less than the quantity of Goods ordered, but a pro rata adjustment shall be made to the Order invoice providing the Company receives notification within 10 days of delivery.
9.    The Company shall be entitled to deliver the Goods by instalments. Any delay in delivery or defect in an instalment shall not entitle the Customer to cancel any other instalment.
10.    If the Customer fails to take delivery of the Goods on the date of delivery, the Company shall, without prejudice to its other rights, be entitled to store the Goods at the Customer’s risk and cost.
Price and Payment
11.    Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company, the price of the Goods shall be that which is stipulated in the Company’s applicable price list (the “Price List”) in force at the date of the Company’s acceptance of the Order. The Price Lists are subject to alteration without notice.  In the case of an Order delivered by instalments, each instalment shall be invoiced at the price stipulated in the Price List in force at the date of despatch of the instalment. Unless otherwise stated by the Company, prices set out in any of the Company’s price lists, quotations and acknowledgement of Order are exclusive of the costs of delivery, packing, insurance or any value added, purchase or other taxes which shall be payable in addition to the price when the price is due.
12.    The Company shall be entitled to charge the Customer a surcharge for Orders of less than £250 or €300 excluding VAT or of such value or quantities as notified by the Company to the Customer from time to time.
13.    The Company shall invoice the Customer for the Goods on or after despatch of the Goods. The Company shall be entitled to invoice each instalment as and when each instalment is despatched.
14.    The Customer shall make payment of sums due to the Company in US Dollars by Confirmed, Irrevocable Letter of Credit payable at Sight, unless otherwise agreed by the Company. Time for payment of the Goods (including, without limit, any costs or charges payable) shall be of the essence. Payment shall only be deemed received by the Company upon receipt of cleared funds. The Customer may not withhold or make any deduction from or set off against any payment due to the Company for any reason.
15.    The Company may charge interest on any outstanding amounts from the due payment date until the date of payment at a rate of 2% above National Westminster Bank plc’s base lending rate from time to time in force.
16.    The Company will identify on its order form any specific surcharges that may be applied on Orders.
17.    The Company’s recommended retail prices shall not limit the Customer’s right to set its own resale prices.
Quality
18.    Whilst every effort will be made to supply Goods in accordance with samples and/or agreed specifications, the Company reserves the right to modify specifications, designs and materials where such modifications do not materially affect the quality or fitness for purpose of the Goods or where it is necessary to comply with any applicable standards or legal requirements.
19.    The Company warrants that on delivery the Goods shall be free from material defects in materials and workmanship. The Company will either replace or refund (at the Company’s option) the price of any Goods which are shown to the Company’s reasonable satisfaction to be defective in materials or workmanship at the time of delivery provided that:
19.1.    the Customer inspects the Goods on delivery and notifies the Company within 10 days of delivery of any alleged defects or damage. Otherwise, the Goods shall be deemed to be in accordance with the Contract and free from any defect or damage which would be apparent upon a reasonable examination;
19.2.    where a defect would not have been apparent on a reasonable examination under clause 18.1, the Customer notifies the Company as soon as reasonably possible when the defect becomes apparent or within 180 days of delivery whichever is earlier;
19.3.    the Customer provides the Company all information and assistance required to investigate any suspected defect and, if required, permits an inspection of the Goods concerned where they are located: and
19.4.    the default complained of has not arisen as a result of any drawing, design or specification supplied by the Customer or from fair wear and tear, wilful damage, negligence, abnormal working conditions, failure to follow the Company’s instructions (whether oral or in writing or whether relating without limit to the fabrication (e.g. the quality or performance of the fabrics), operation, use or maintenance of the Goods), or misuse or alteration or repair of the Goods without the Company’s prior written approval.
20.    Subject to clauses 20 and 21, clause 18 defines the Company’s full liability in respect of the Goods and all other conditions, warranties or undertakings whether express or implied by statute, common law, custom, usage or otherwise, are excluded to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law.
Limitation of Liability
21.    Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit the liability of the Company for (i) death or personal injury resulting from its negligence, (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, (iii) breach of terms as to title under Section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 or (iv) any other loss or damage the exclusion or limitation of which is prohibited by English law.
22.    Subject to clause 21;
22.1.    the Company shall in no circumstances be liable to the Customer in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, (i) for any economic loss of any kind whatsoever, including without limit loss of profit, business contracts, revenues or anticipated savings, or (ii) for damage to the Customer’s reputation or goodwill, or (iii) for any loss resulting from any claim made by any third party, or (iv) any indirect, special or consequential loss or damage of any nature whatsoever; and
22.2.    the total liability of the Company to the Customer whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, shall not in any circumstances exceed the invoice value of the Goods.
23.    The Company shall not be liable in any way for loss, damage or expense arising directly or indirectly from any failure or delay in performing any obligation under any contract caused by any circumstances beyond its reasonable control, which shall, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, be deemed to include war or any action of military forces, terrorism, riot, civil commotion, sabotage, vandalism, accident, break-down or damage to machinery or equipment, fire, flood, legislative or administrative interference, acts of God, strike, lock-out or other industrial disputes (whether or not involving employees of the Company) or shortage of materials or the Company’s inability to procure materials or supplies. On the occurrence of any such event, the Company may at its discretion, perform, suspend performance of or terminate the Contract.
Customer Obligations
24.    The Customer must adhere to the Company’s retail guidelines and online guidelines as notified by the Company from time to time.  In the event that the Customer re-sells the Goods to a wholesale or retail customer, such Goods may only be resold to accounts which meet the Company’s retail guidelines and online guidelines.
25.    Customers within the EEA shall not:
25.1.    sell any Goods outside the EEA and/or Switzerland or sell any Goods within the EEA where, to its knowledge, such Goods are intended for re-sale or distribution outside the EEA and/or Switzerland; or
25.2.    actively approach or solicit customers, nor make active sales of the Goods, to any wholesale or retail account in any EEA country and Switzerland where sales of Goods are either exclusively reserved to the Company or to a third party.
26.    In the event that a Customer within the EEA re-sells Goods to a wholesale or retail account, the Customer shall include in their conditions of sale a provision that:
26.1.    Goods may not be sold outside of the EEA and Goods shall not be sold within the EEA where such Goods are intended for re-sale or distribution outside of the EEA; and
26.2.    Goods may only be re-sold to accounts which meet the Company’s retail guidelines and online guidelines.
27.    Customers outside of the EEA shall not:
27.1.    sell any Goods outside of the territory agreed between the Company and the Customer from time to time;
27.2.    sell any Goods within the territory agreed between the Company and the Customer from time to time where such Goods are intended for re-sale or distribution outside of that territory.
28.    In the event that the Customer re-sells Goods to a wholesale or retail account, the Customer shall include in their conditions of sale, a provision that:
28.1.    Goods may not be sold outside of the territory agreed between the Company and the Customer;
28.2.    Goods shall not be sold in the Customer’s territory where such Goods are intended for resale or distribution outside of the Customer’s territory; and
28.3.    Goods may only be re-sold to accounts which meet the Company’s retail guidelines and online guidelines.
Title and Risk in the Goods
29.    Goods shall be at the Customer's risk as soon as they are delivered to the Customer and without limitation to the foregoing the Customer shall be solely responsible for their custody and maintenance;
30.    The legal and beneficial title to the Goods shall remain the Company’s property until the Company has received unconditional payment in full for:
30.1.    the Goods; and
30.2.    all payments to be made by the Customer under the Contract and any other agreement between the Company and the Customer and on any other account whatsoever.
31.    Until the legal and beneficial title to the Goods passes to the Customer in accordance with these Terms, the Customer shall:
31.1.    be entitled to re-sell the Goods only in accordance with clause 34;
31.2.    hold the Goods on a fiduciary basis as bailee for the Company;
31.3.    keep the Goods labelled as belonging to the Company and separate and identifiable from all other goods in its possession;
31.4.    not remove, deface or obscure any identifying mark or packaging on or in relation to the Goods;
31.5.    give the Company such information relating to the Goods as the Company may from time to time request;
31.6.    immediately notify the Company if it becomes subject to any of the events listed in clause 35.4;
31.7.    keep the Goods in satisfactory condition and comprehensively insured against loss or damage by accident, fire, theft and other risks usually covered by insurance in the type of business carried on by the Customer in an amount at least equal to the balance of the payments due hereunder for the same from time to time remaining outstanding.  The policy shall bear an endorsement recording the Company’s interest, and the Customer shall promptly provide a copy of such endorsement at the Company’s request.
32.    If the Customer does anything, or fails to do anything, which could cause it to become subject to any of the events listed in clause 35.4, or if the Company reasonably believes any such event is about to happen, then:
32.1.    the Customer’s right to possession of the Goods shall immediately cease;
32.2.    the Customer’s right to resell the Goods to its clients pursuant to clause 34 shall immediately cease; and
32.3.    in addition to any other right or remedy the Company may have, the Company may at any time require the Customer to deliver up the Goods and, if the Customer fails to do so promptly (or if the Company has any reason to believe the Customer will not do so), enter any premises or land occupied or owned by the Customer to remove the Goods; and
33.    If the Customer fails to pay for any or all of the Goods in accordance with these Terms, then in addition to any other right or remedy the Company may have:
33.1.    the Company shall have the power to resell the Goods, such power being additional to (and not in substitution for) any other power of sale arising by operation of law or implication or otherwise; and
33.2.    the Company and its servants and agents may enter upon any premises or land occupied or owned by the Customer to remove the Goods;
34.    The Customer expressly shall not be entitled to re-sell the Goods as part of a sale of all or part of the Customer’s business without the prior written consent of the Company, and
34.1.    may only re-sell the Goods to the Customer’s clients in the ordinary course of the Customer’s trading business as a fiduciary and trustee for the Company; and
34.2.    without prejudice to the equitable rules as to tracing, in the event of any resale by the Customer of the Goods, the Company's beneficial entitlement shall attach to the proceeds of sale or other disposition thereof so that such proceeds or any claim therefore shall be assigned to the Company and until such assignment shall be held on trust in a separate identified account for the Company by the Customer and such proceeds shall not be mingled with other monies or paid into any overdrawn bank account and shall at all times be identifiable as the Company’s monies.
Termination
35.    Without prejudice to any of its other rights, the Company or any related companies shall have the right to cancel all or any contracts with the Customer and withhold delivery of any Goods if the Customer:-
35.1.    commits a material breach of any term of the Contract or any contract with the Company or any related companies;
35.2.    fails to pay any amount due to the Company or any related companies by the due date for payment;
35.3.    commits a breach of clause 24 - 28 and fails to remedy that breach within 20 days of receipt of notice from the Company specifying the breach;
35.4.    the Customer compounds with or executes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or commits any act of bankruptcy or goes into liquidation or has a receiver, administrative receiver or administrator appointed over all or part of its assets or has a third party levy distress on their property, or proposes terms for a company voluntary arrangement or enters into  a company voluntary arrangement or enters into any other scheme of arrangement, whether formal or informal or is placed into any other formal insolvency process or suffers any similar or analogous act; or
35.5.    goes through a change of control (as defined in s.1124 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010).
36.    On termination of the Contract for any reason the Customer shall immediately pay to the Company all of the Customer’s outstanding unpaid invoices and interest.  Clauses which expressly or by implication survive termination of the Contract shall continue in full force and effect.
Intellectual Property and Confidentiality
37.    The Customer shall ensure that no trade mark or logo used on or in connection with any of the Goods or their packaging is added to, obscured, removed, defaced, altered or otherwise interfered with in any way.
38.    Trade marks and/or logos applied to any of the Goods may be used only for the purpose of advertising the Customer’s sale of the Goods provided that the Company’s prior written consent is obtained.
39.    No rights are granted to the Customer by virtue of its use of the Company’s trade marks or logos.
40.    The Customer shall keep confidential and not use, without the prior written consent of the Company, any information of a confidential nature supplied or disclosed by the Company to the Customer, and shall not divulge the same to any third party except to the extent that any such information is or becomes public through no fault of the Customer, or disclosure of the same is required by law or by a governmental or regulatory body.
General
41.    The Customer may not assign or sub-contract any of its rights or the obligations under the Contract without the prior written consent of the Company.  The Company may assign, licence or sub-contract all or any part of its rights or obligations under the Contract.
42.    A person who is not a party to the Contract shall not have any rights to enforce its terms.
43.    The Customer shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations, codes and sanctions relating to anti-bribery and anti-corruption and shall act in accordance with the Company’s policies in this regard in all dealings with or on behalf of the Company and the Goods.
44.    Any part of these Terms or the Contract which is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable and shall not affect any other part of these Terms or the Contract.
45.    No waiver or delay by the Company (express or implied) in enforcing any of its rights under a Contract shall prejudice its right to do so in the future.
46.    No variation of these Terms or the Contract shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the Company.
47.    Each Contract contains the whole agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, undertakings and arrangements whether oral or in writing.  All other understandings, agreements, warranties, conditions, terms or representations, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise, are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
48.    The construction, validity and performance of all Contracts (including any associated non-contractual claims and disputes) between the parties shall be governed by the laws of England & Wales and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts although this shall not limit the right of the Company to commence proceedings in any jurisdiction the Company deems appropriate.
Version: May 2018 © BERGHAUS LIMITED 2018
We use Cookies to store information and provide you a better experience. By dropping in, you agree on our use of cookies.
Learn more
ACCEPT