http://www.thelifeline.com/privacy-policy.php
LifeGuide Privacy Policy
Home
About Us
Life Guide
What Makes us Different?
Our Mission
Our Team
Our Services
Selling Your Life Insurance
Retained Life Benefits
Sell Your Term Policy
Agent Services
Longevity Calculator
Cancer Funding
Blog
News
Press
Home
About Us
Life Guide
What Makes us Different?
Our Mission
Our Team
Our Services
Selling Your Life Insurance
Retained Life Benefits
Term to Permanent Coverage to Sell
Agent Services
Blog
News
Press
Press Releases
Privacy Policy
Privacy at LifeGuide™ - Keeping Your Personal Information a Private Matter
When it comes to your personal affairs, you expect a relationship built on privacy and integrity. That's why we do not sell or share client lists or any other client information with outside companies, except to the extent required by applicable law.
This notice outlines what we do to protect your personal information and describes how you can limit the sharing of this information. We only use your personal and confidential information to the extent permitted by applicable law.
To keep your personal information confidential and appropriately protected, we have policies that limit access to your personal information to only those employees and third parties who need it to perform their jobs and provide services to you, as permitted by applicable law. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with state and federal standards, which apply to us to safeguard your personal information.
We collect information you provide us on applications, forms, through our website, and in conversation; from third parties with which we do business, with your permission; and from your transactions with us.
Sharing Information ?Only under certain circumstances, and only as permitted by law, will we disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties.
We respect your right to restrict the information we disclose to those we work with in our efforts to help serve you and to facilitate transactions. You do not need to take any additional action to direct us not to share information about you for marketing purposes. Please note, though, that we still may share that information for other reasons, such as to service your existing transactions with us.
If our information-sharing practices change, we will send you a revised notice. You also can return to this page on our web site, to view the most current privacy notice.
Contact Us
Your message has been sent!
Error! Please try again.
CONTACT US
info@lifeguidepartners.com
888-GUIDE50
404-480-4041
404-480-4041
The Fountains at Piedmont Center
11 Piedmont Center
Suite 910
Atlanta, GA
30305
THE FINE PRINT
Privacy Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Who Can Sell Their Life Insurance Policy?
How Old Do You Need To Be To Sell Your Life Insurance?
Financial Help for Individuals with ALS
Financial Help For Cancer Patients Through Viaticals and Life Settlements
Life Settlements: Finding New Value in Your Old Life Insurance Policy
Making Educated Decisions With Your Life Policy
Insurance Agents And Life Settlements
Who Is Eligible For A Life Settlement?
Selling Your Life Insurance Policy Vs. Surrendering Your Life Policy
The Benefits Of A Reverse Life Insurance
Reverse Life Insurance vs. Reverse Mortgage
What Are Some Life Insurance Settlement Options?
Can I Sell My Life Insurance Policy For Cash?
How Did The Life Settlement Market Begin?
How Do Life Settlements Work?
How to Cash in a Life Insurance Policy
How to Market Life Insurance
Senior Settlements Provide Options and New Life Opportunities
The History of Life Insurance Settlements
Top Reasons for Abandoning a Life Insurance Policy
What Is A Life Settlement?
What is the Cash Surrender Value Of Life Insurance?
All Content Copyrighted © 2016-2020, Lead Output, LLC,
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED