http://www.cremer.com/privacy-statement
Call +31 (0) 252 41 90 38 or mail to sales@cremer.com to contact an engineer
Download whitepaper "Counting and Packaging Solutions"
Home
Products & Industries
Back PHARMACEUTICAL
Back
All solutions
Series
CFI series
CFS series
CF 1220
IBC 150
Custom solutions
INDUSTRIAL
Back
All solutions
Series
HQ series
TI series
WD series
CS series
Product unscramblers
Custom solutions
AGRICULTURAL
Back
All solutions
Series
Seed counting and packaging solutions
Back
Seed counting and packaging solutions
Products
Seed counting and packaging solutions
Bulb forcing
Back
Bulb forcing
Products
TSP-x230
TTZ-E780/5112
TOE-070
TOE-2610
BEL-2300
TSV-1560
CSL-560
Abacus solo
TTW-E780/5112
Export
Back
Export
Products
TTW-E780/5112
TTZ-E780/5112
DT-3070
CKHT-190G5
ED-40
OEK-3410
DTR-1070
DCT-419
CKT-190 G5
CPT-300
Total packing solutions
TQ-BEL780/5112
TQH-BSE780/5112
Refurbished
Back
Refurbished
Products
Refurbished TSV-1560
Services
Back Services
Help-desk hotline
Field service
Inspection and preventive maintenance
On-site training
Relocation
Spare-parts
Validation
Cases
Back Cases
Articles
Company
Back About us
History
Vacancies
Events
Contact
Zoeken naar:
Home > Privacy statement Privacy statement
Privacy statement
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their personal information is being used online. This information cannot be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. The purpose of this privacy statement is to create a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website and emails.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website or read our emails?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make an inquiry, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To better respond to your customer service requests.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of people who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when users place orders and when they enter, submit, or access their information to maintain the safety of their personal information. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (e.g. Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you disable cookies, some features will be disabled, it will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient, and some of our services will not function properly.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or by permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
How does our site handle do-not-track signals?
We honor do-not-track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It’s important to note that we allow third party behavioral tracking.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information and respond to inquiries and/or other requests or questions Process orders and send information and updates pertaining to orders Send you additional information related to your product and/or service Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
Updating this statement
We may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Unsubscribing and Contact
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails or if you want to contact us, you can email us and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Download now: "Counting and Packaging Solutions"
×
We are glad to hear that you are interested in our whitepaper "Counting and Packaging Solutions." Please fill in the requested information and you will receive the whitepaper via email. This message can be ignored if you already filled in your details
Send whitepaper
Cremer_icon_agricultural
Cremer_icon_pharmaceutical
Cremer_icon_industrial
Cremer_icon_onsite-training
Cremer_icon_relocation
Cremer_icon_helpdesk-hotline
Cremer_icon_fieldservice
Cremer_icon_validation
Cremer_icon_inspection
Cremer_icon_spare-parts
Cremer_icon_custom-solutions