https://www.kolcraft.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyEffective date: October 19, 2020.By using or accessing this website you signify your acknowledgment and assent to the Privacy Policy (hereinafter “Policy”) set forth below. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use this website. Kolcraft can revise this Policy at any time by updating this posting, and your use after such change signifies your acceptance of the changed terms. Please check this Policy periodically for changes. This Policy is intended to help you understand how Kolcraft Enterprises, Inc. gathers, uses, shares and protects the personal information data you provide via email, registration, or through use of our Website.Personal DataPersonal data is information that identifies an individual that can be reasonably associated with a specific person, such as a name, contact information, date of birth, Internet (IP) address and information about an individual’s purchases and online shopping. All personal data we collect will be governed by the version of this Policy in effect at the time the data was gathered.If you browse Kolcraft’s website, we will track your IP address, but you can otherwise browse the site without providing any additional personal data. There are cases in which we may ask you for personal data. For example, we occasionally conduct on-line surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors. We may also request personal data when you register to use Kolcraft.com or to receive additional information regarding our products and services, sign up for a newsletter, participate in contests/promotions, request customer service support, or contact us for any reason. If you choose not to give us the required personal information, you can still view the Kolcraft website, but you will not be able to complete your order, participate in promotions, or receive email, telephone calls or newsletters from us.Use of Personal DataPersonal data provided by users who are 18 or more years of age may be used for marketing and promotional purposes and order fulfillment by Kolcraft with the help of Kolcraft affiliates, third-party service providers with whom we’ve contracted for support.The data that you give us (with the exception of your email address) and information about your order may be combined with other personal information (such as demographic information, Internet Protocol “IP” address, URL information,  browser type, operating system, referring/exit web pages, pages visited, location, device information, search terms, cookie information, viewing history, purchase history, clickstream data, date/time stamp, sweepstakes or contest registration information, and consumer call data ) available from our records and your website use. This information will be used to enrich your profile and enable personalized content to make our future marketing efforts to you more relevant. This information may be stored in log files. While we use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your information, Kolcraft will have no liability for disclosure of any data obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third-parties.You understand and agree that this information may also be transferred across national borders and may be stored and processed in any country Kolcraft and its affiliates maintain offices including the United States of America.Kolcraft may also contact you by telephone regarding previous orders placed by you, information or services you’ve requested or comments you’ve made. If you do not wish for Kolcraft to contact you by telephone, please inform us via the Contact Information section below.OrdersWhen you place an order for a product, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number and its expiration date. This personal data is required so we can process and fulfill your order, send an order or shipping confirmation, and notify you of your order status. Our orders are processed through a third-party servicer (BigCommerce) who receives your order-related data. We may also send you a reminder email if you were signed into your account and forgot to complete your purchase.Your credit card information is processed by a PCI-compliant, third-party service provider (Authorize.net) and is not retained once the credit card order has been processed. We do not retain your credit card data.E-Mail and Newsletter Subscription Opt-InIf you opt-in to our email and/or newsletter and agree to provide us with personal data, we will e-mail you information regarding product updates, special offers, new products, valuable tips, company news, and other valuable information such as product recalls.If you have signed up for email communications, the personal data you provide upon registration will be used to send you personalized newsletters. Kolcraft does not use your e-mail address for marketing purposes unless you expressly opt-in to our e-mail list and we will not share your e-mail address with third parties for promotional purposes, except if you consent to such sharing by explicitly opting into our partner e-mail list. Every newsletter you receive and any marketing email from us will provide you with the opportunity to unsubscribe if you are no longer interested in receiving these communications.Cookies, Behavior and IP Tracking and AnalyticsOur website uses cookies or JavaScript snippets from third-party service providers who help us offer or operate our services. They enable us to monitor online activity. Like on most websites, these cookies and snippets log your IP address, the URL from which you accessed our site, and other non-personal data about your visits, such as anonymous statistical information on how our website is browsed, to build product affinity models as well as to offer generic recommendations such as our most-viewed or best-selling products. In the case of logged-in visitors, we collect only a single encrypted identifier that cannot be used to identify you as it has been pseudonymized, and we use JavaScript commands to collect your browsing, your cart and any purchase data. If you purchase an item, any personal data you provide will also be combined with the information gathered by the cookies and JavaScript commands. Please review the privacy policies found on our service provider’s websites as their policy explains their use and protection of data processed by them. Kolcraft is not responsible for content or privacy practices of non-Kolcraft websites, even if we provide a link to that site.We also allow third-parties such as Google Analytics and other analytic tools to provide us with analytics services by placing cookies on our site for that purpose. Cookies are not spyware and Kolcraft does not gather multi-site data or share personal data with others that we gather through cookies except as previously set forth. Our cookies allow us to provide you with search ads based upon words you have searched related to our products.Additionally, we use CRM tools from Salesforce, which allows us to register user’s products on our website. We also use Facebook Audience and other third-party advertising networks which may target you with advertising they think is the most relevant to you. This feature allows you to receive  targeted ads as part of a specific set of people based on your preferences. We do not transfer any of your personal data to such third-party networks. These networks only receive a unique identifier. You can manage your privacy settings in the privacy tab or your account(s) with such third parties. You can find further details on the use of cookies and data on Facebook Audience Manager, other third-party advertising networks, and our business support vendors below.Google | Facebook & Instagram | LinkedIn | BigCommerce | Emarsys | Twitter | Pinterest | YouTube | SalesforceIf for any reason you wish to not take advantage of Kolcraft Enterprises, Inc.’s cookies or snippets, you may change your browser settings to not accept them or Opt-out as set forth below.Opt-Out or Update, Review or Delete Your DataIf you change your mind and wish to opt-out of email, behavior tracking or profile enrichment or if you wish to update, delete, or retrieve a copy of your historical personal data, please contact us as set forth below in Contact Information or email us at privacy@Kolcraft.com with your specific request.Data Sharing with Third PartiesKolcraft does not rent or sell personal data. Kolcraft does not share data with third-parties except as set-forth herein.  Our service-providers are required to protect any personal data we share and to only use it to perform our services.Special CasesKolcraft reserves the right to disclose user data in special cases, when we have reason to believe that disclosing this data is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Kolcraft website users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose personal data without notice to you in response to a subpoena or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to an emergency situation.Policies for ChildrenKolcraft encourages parents and guardians to monitor and participate in their children’s online activities. Our site is not specifically directed to use by children and a child under the age of 13 years may not enter any personal data on our site, including registering for newsletters, clubs or activities. In addition, users less than 18 years of age are not allowed to make purchases or participate in contests, except for those specifically directed to children.Kolcraft does not knowingly collect data from users under 13 years of age or provide any personally identifying data from such users to any third party for any reason whatsoever. We do not allow users known to be under 13 years of age to receive marketing communications from Kolcraft or from its third-party servicers.Changes to this PolicyKolcraft reserves the right to change or update this Policy, at any time. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this Website. We recommend you read this privacy policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.Contact Information for Privacy related questions and for Privacy Rights for California ResidentsUnder the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (CCPA), California residents have certain rights around Kolcraft’s collection, use, and sharing of their personal information.Kolcraft does not sell your personal information and will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale as required by law. We also do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use or disclosure of personal information.If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request to know what personal information has been collected about you over the past year, and to access that information. You also have the right to request deletion of your personal information, though exceptions under the CCPA may allow Kolcraft to retain and use certain personal information notwithstanding your deletion request. For example, Kolcraft will not delete your personal contact information if it has been submitted to Kolcraft for product registration purposes as Kolcraft is legally required to keep this data. You may submit your request as set forth below. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. An agent may submit a request on your behalf, but you must verify that your agent is authorized to do so. Kolcraft also has the right to request additional information from you to verify you are who you claim to be to ensure all data provided to us is properly protected and not disclosed to improper parties.To request a summary of your data, to opt-out of certain data use, to request deletion of certain of your data, to request an older version of our Privacy policy, or if you believe we have not complied with our Privacy policy, please contact us immediately by mail, by webform, or via the toll-free number below. Please describe your question or concern with as much detail as possible so we can properly respond.Kolcraft Enterprises, Inc. Attention: Privacy Manager 1100 W. Monroe St. Chicago, Illinois 60607Online webform: Click here Requests by Authorized Agent: Under the CCPA, a California consumer may use an authorized agent to make a CCPA privacy request on the consumer’s behalf. To make a request on behalf of a Kolcraft consumer, the authorized agent must first provide a copy of either (a) a letter signed by the consumer authorizing the agent to submit a CCPA request on his/her behalf, or (b) a valid power of attorney issued pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465. An authorized agent must email one of these documents to privacy@kolcraft.com and include a telephone number where the agent may be reached during regular business hours.Household Requests:   Under the CCPA, all members of a California household can jointly request access to specific pieces of personal information for the household or the deletion of all household personal information. To make a household request, each member must first submit an Access or Deletion request on an individual basis via the online webform link included above. After submitting the individual requests, each member must email privacy@kolcraft.com and request that their Access or Deletion requests be combined with the other members of their household. Each email must include the names of every person in the household and the OneTrust request ID or reference number for each member’s individual Access or Deletion request. If we do not receive email requests for every household member within 7 days of the date on which the first request was submitted, or if we cannot verify any household member’s identity, the household request will not be processed, and Kolcraft will instead process each verified request on an individual basis.For California Consumer Privacy Act related questions or concerns call us toll-free (833) 933-3301Contact Information for Product or Consumer Service:For product or consumer service-related concerns call us toll-free at (800) 453-7673.Questions about our products should not be directed to this address and will not be replied to. Questions about our products should be addressed to customerservice@kolcraft.com.Kolcraft biometric privacy policy for employees can be found at: https://www.kolcraft.com/biometric-privacy-policy/This Privacy Policy is effective and was last modified on January 01, 2020.©2020 Kolcraft Enterprises, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Search
Crib Mattresses & PadsCoil Crib MattressesFoam Core Crib MattressesCrib Mattress Pad BackBaby CarrierStrollersDouble StrollersLightweight Strollers BackNursery FurnitureCollectionsConversion KitsCribsDressers BackHome GearActivity WalkersBooster Seat & Diaper BagPotties BackPartsAbout UsOur Story1-800-453-7673Contact UsCareers BackSupportCustomer ServiceFAQProduct InstructionsProduct RegistrationSafety NotificationsKolcraft Inclined Sleeper Assembly RecallWarranty BackShop with UsMy AccountReplacement PartsShipping & Returns BackCommunityCOVID-19 ResponseProduct TestingCollaboration Requests Back
Help / 1-800-453-7673
× Close Panel Welcome to our family!Sign up for our emails* and take 20% off your first order.
NO THANKS, I DONT LIKE TO SAVE MONEY*Discount valid for first-time registrants on select Kolcraft products. By opting in to marketing communications, you agree to receive news, notifications, and special offers about our products. We do not sell or share your information. Discount code will be delivered to your registration email.
X