http://www.igaf.org/directory/privacy-policy.html
Home
Auto Dealers
Hotels
Mortgage and Real Estate
Auto Insurance
Pharmacies
Shoe Stores
Home » Privacy Policy for IGAF.org
Privacy Policy: IGAF.org
IGAF.org understands that you want to browse the internet without giving up your personal information.
Sometimes, we may direct you to other websites in order to provide a highly informative browsing experience for our users.
IGAF.org does not share your personal information with any outside entities.
Disclaimer on the use of Cookies on IGAF.org
IGAF.org may use ads which use "cookies" to track ad performance. These advertisers might install and monitor tracking cookies on your browser, or use "beacons" to analyze the performance of these advertisements.
These "cookies" are just used as tracking devices and are not meant nor designed to compromise the stability of your computer or your personal data.
IGAF.org may use Google Adsense to display advertisements.
Google Adsense utilizes the DoubleClick Dart Cookie to monitor ad performance.
You can read about Google Adsense by visiting : the official Google Adsense site.
Also, you can prevent having cookies placed on your browser by visiting: the Network Advertising Initiative website.
How We Track Your Location
We reserve the right to record your IP address. We do this to allow for a more efficient search experience and safeguard our website from spamming attempts. IP addresses are public information that is furnished by MaxMind.com.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us.
What Can We Help You Find?
Auto parts store
Car dealer
Cell phone store
Fast food restaurant
Hair and beauty salon
Home improvement store
Hotel
Insurance agent
Jewelry store
Massage salon
Pet care and supply shop
Pharmacy
Pizza restaurant
Restaurant
Retail store
Shipping center
Shoe store
Sporting goods store
Storage unit
Taco restaurant
Tax prep service
About Us
Home
Store Directory
Change Listing Requests
Quick Links
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
Disclaimer
This website is a directory and not affiliated with any of the businesses listed. The names and trademarks of these businesses are the sole property of their respective owners.
@Copyrights 2019 www.IGAF.org - All Rights Reserved.