http://www.servicehonda.com/privacy-policy
a World of Powersports Website
Sign In
my account
217-423-6521 - 217-233-2145
Contact Us
Home
Factory Parts
Arctic Cat Parts
Can-Am Parts
Honda Parts
Kawasaki Parts
KTM Parts
Polaris Parts
Sea-Doo Parts
Slingshot Parts
Spyder Parts
Suzuki Parts
Yamaha Parts
Factory Accessories
Arctic Cat Accessories
ATV Accessories
SxS Accessories
Snowmobile Accessories
Can-Am Accessories
ATV Accessories
SxS Accessories
Honda Accessories
Kawasaki Accessories
KTM Accessories
Polaris Accessories
ATV Accessories
SxS Accessories
Sea-Doo Accessories
Slingshot Accessories
Spyder Accessories
Suzuki Accessories
Yamaha Accessories
ATV Accessories
Motorcycle Accessories
SxS Accessories
Snowmobile Accessories
WaveRunner Accessories
Factory Gear
Arctic Cat Apparel and Gear
ATV/SxS Apparel and Gear
Snowmobile Apparel and Gear
Can-Am Apparel and Gear
Kawasaki Apparel and Gear
KTM Powerwear Apparel and Gear
Polaris Apparel and Gear
ATV/SxS Apparel and Gear
Snowmobile Apparel and Gear
Sea-Doo Apparel and Gear
Suzuki Apparel and Gear
Yamaha Apparel and Gear
Accessories and Gear
Aftermarket Apparel and Riding Gear
ATV Accessories
Off-Road Accessories
Street and Cruiser Accessories
Snowmobile Accessories
V-Twin Accessories
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Dealers Wanted
AF-Motorycles
Service Honda Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personal information that we collect when you are on our site and when you use our services. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners share with us or that we may collect on a partner's site. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control or to people that we do not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
We collect personal information when you register for an account, when you use our contact forms, and when you request our newsletter. We may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners. When you register with us, we ask for your name and email address. Once you register with us and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, web browsing cookie information, and pages you request. We use this information for three general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to contact you about specials and new products.
Security
Your account information is password-protected for your privacy and security.
In sensitive areas of the site we also use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Shop OEM Parts
2635 N 22nd St, Decatur IL 62526 | 217-423-6521 - 217-233-2145
©2012-2020 All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms Of Service
Site Powered by vNext Technologies, Inc.
Hello
Sign in and enjoy all the member benefits right now.
Sign In
Not a Member Yet?  Start Here
No Thanks, Not Now