http://www.mcintoshlabs.com/privacypolicy
Privacy Policy
Updated: April 29, 2020
INTRODUCTION
McIntosh Laboratory, Inc. (“Company” or “We”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit Our Website at www.mcintoshlabs.com (“Our Website“) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing
that information.
This policy applies to information we collect on or through Our Website and in e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and Our Website. This policy does not apply to information that we may collect through means other than Our
Website. For example this policy does not apply to information we may collect “off-line,” information that may be collected through any other Websites operated by the Company, information that may be collected by our representatives or employees,
or information collected by any third party.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you may elect not to use Our Website. By accessing or using Our Website,
you agree to this policy. This policy may change from time to time in our sole discretion and your continued use of Our Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes. Therefore, please check the policy periodically
for any updates.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect and use information we believe is necessary to administer our business, to advise you about our products and services, and to provide you with customer service. The information we collect about our users includes the following:
Information by which you may be personally identified, such as your name, title, employer’s name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number (“Personal Information”);
Information that is about you individually, but that does not identify you, such about information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access Our Website and usage details, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address,
computer operating system and browser type, the unique device identifier (UDID), the addresses of referring websites (if any), and the pages you visit on Our Website.
We collect this information:
Information You Provide to Us.
The information we collect on or through Our Website may include: information that you provide by filling in forms on Our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use Our Website and/or the included
tools, or to register a product warranty; or requesting further services; and records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with Our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including the details of your visits to Our Website and
information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
We may use data analytics and work with certain third party service providers, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand and improve the use of our Services. These third party service providers may collect information sent by your
device as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP address. Information about how Google Analytics collects and processes data can be found here: www.google.com/policies/privacy.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data, but may include Personal Information or we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Information we collect in other ways. It helps us to improve Our Website and to deliver a better
and more personalized service, for example by enabling us to recognize you when you return to Our Website. Currently, the technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include cookies (or browser cookies), which are small files placed
on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of Our Website. Unless you have adjusted
your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to Our Website.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information:
To present Our Website and its contents to you;
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us, either through the internet or by other means such as follow-up contacts by our representatives or employees;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
To notify you about changes to Our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though them;
To allow you to participate in interactive features on Our Website;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
For any other purpose with your consent.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We do not make Personal Information available to third parties, nor do we sell lists or otherwise generate third-party revenue from data collected on Our Website.
LINKED WEBSITES/THIRD PARTY DEALERS
For your convenience we may provide hyperlinks to third party websites, including those of Authorized McIntosh Dealers and Authorized McIntosh Distributors, as well as of other third parties. The websites of these third parties have their own privacy
policies and are not covered by the McIntosh privacy policy. Therefore, we do not endorse or assume any responsibility for such third party sites, information, products, or services. If you click on any such hyperlink, we recommend that you read
the relevant privacy notice of the linked website(s) to make sure you are comfortable with the applicable privacy and data security practices that govern, which may be different than as described in this policy.
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
You may also send us an e-mail at privacy@mcintoshlabs.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate
any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
CHILDREN UNDER AGE OF 13
Our Website are not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or through Our Website. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use Our
Website, register to use any of the features on Our Website, provide any information on Our Website or through any of its features, use any of the interactive features of Our Website, or provide any information about yourself to us (including
your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use). If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that
information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@mcintoshlabs.com.
DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. For example, all information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls
and we may implement extra measures to secure passwords, such as storing them using a strong one-way hashing algorithm.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of Our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to
share your password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information
transmitted to Our Website. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on Our Website.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
By using Our Website, you will transfer data to the United States.
By choosing to visit Our Website or otherwise provide information to us, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this policy will be governed by the law of the State of New York.
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your information
you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this policy.
If you wish to withdraw your consent for the use and sharing of your personal information pursuant to this policy, then you will need to terminate your account and cease all use of Our Website. You can deactivate your account by sending an e-mail to
privacy@mcintoshlabs.com or mailing us at: 2 Chambers Street, Binghamton, NY 13903-2699, United States.
If you reside in the European Union, you have certain rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation in regards to your Personal Information. These include the following rights:
The right to access. You have the right to access and receive a copy of the Personal Information that we have about you,
The right to rectification. You have the right to correct any inaccuracies in our records. You lasso have the right to request to complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure.
Under certain conditions, you have the right to request us to delete or remove your Personal Information from our records. In the event that you request that we delete your Personal Information, we will delete your
account and remove from our records any Personal Information that is not necessary to (1) ensure that we do not contact you in the future, (2) protect our legal rights and the rights of other users, or (3) to the extent required by law. In
addition, while we will make every effort to remove your data from our system, we do not have control over personal data that you publish to others, including posts made to social media.
The right to restrict processing. You have the rights to request that we restrict the processing of your Personal Information, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability. You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you wish to exercise these rights, please email us at GDPR@mcintoshlabs.com. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in this policy and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this Notice to comply with the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.
Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Your Rights Under the CCPA and this Privacy Policy
The CCPA provides you with the following rights:
Right to know. You have the right to know what categories and specific pieces of Personal Information we collect about you, the sources of how we collect Personal Information, our business purpose for the collection and use of your Personal Information,
and any categories of third parties with whom we share your information.
Right to deletion. You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information that we collect about you.
Right to opt-out. If we sell any of your Personal Information, you have the right, at any time, to tell us not to sell your Personal Information. At this time we do not sell your Personal Information. Any changes in this regard will be posted in this Privacy Policy as explained below.
Right to nondiscrimination. If you exercise any of your CCPA rights, we will not discriminate against you.
The CCPA allows you to request your information, at no cost, up to twice during a twelve (12) month period. We will provide our response in a readily usable format, which is usually electronic. If you have any questions, please contact us.
How to Contact Us About Your CCPA Rights
Ways to Contact Us. If you would like to exercise your CCPA rights (right to know, right to deletion, right to opt out, right to nondiscrimination), please contact us through any of the following:
Calling us toll-free at 1-800-538-6576
Emailing us at CCPA@mcintoshlabs.com
Verification of Your Identity. To protect your privacy, we will ask you to verify your identity. We will ask you to confirm your name, email address, phone number and other information so that we can reasonably confirm your identity.
We will
not share any information with you until we can reasonably confirm your identity.
Our Response Time to Your CCPA Request
Response Time. We will respond to your request within forty five (45) days from when you contacted us.
Response Time for Complex Requests. If you have a complex request, the CCPA allows us up to ninety (90) days to respond. We will still contact you within forty five (45) days from when you contacted us to let you know we need more time to respond.
We provide more detailed information below about your specific rights under the CCPA.
Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed or Sold
Your Right to Know. You have the right to know what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and/or sell.
Response Contents. Our response will contain the following information from the previous twelve (12) months:
Categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected.
The categories of the sources of the Personal Information.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting your Personal Information.
Any third parties we shared your Personal Information with.
Whether or not we sold any of your Personal Information. If we sold any of your Personal Information, our response will tell you what information we sold, who we sold the information to, and why we sold the information.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
Your Right to Deletion. You have the right to ask us to delete your Personal Information that we have collected and shared with our service providers.
Information We May Keep. The CCPA allows us to keep your Personal Information that we need to provide you with goods and services, detect security risks, fix any errors, exercise free speech, use your information lawfully for our internal purposes,
and to comply with the law.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
Your Right to Opt-Out. If we sell any of your Personal Information, you have the right, at any time, to tell us to stop.
Right to Non-Discrimination for Exercising Your CCPA Rights
Our Non-Discrimination Policy. If you choose to exercise any of your CCPA rights, we will not discriminate against you.
Financial Incentives for Your Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentives. The CCPA allows us to provide financial incentives for collecting, selling, or deleting your Personal Information.
No Financial Incentives: At the time this policy was last updated, we did not provide any financial incentives.
Asking Others to Exercise Your CCPA Rights
Authorized Agent. The CCPA allows you to ask someone else to exercise your CCPA rights for you. The CCPA calls this person your “Authorized Agent.” Before we will share anything with your Authorized Agent, you will need to provide your written
permission. Please contact us if you would like us to know who your Authorized Agent is.
Verifying the Identity of Your Authorized Agent. Once we have your written permission, we will also ask your authorized agent to verify their identity with us directly.
Protecting Your Privacy. We will not share any of your information unless we have both your written permission and have verified this identity of your Authorized Agent.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device. In particular, we have collected the following
categories of Personal Information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment
history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some Personal Information included in this category may overlap with other
categories.
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or
childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Yes
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Yes
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans,
keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
Yes
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Yes
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Yes
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information,
or student disciplinary records.
No
K. Inferences drawn from other Personal Information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Yes
We obtain the categories of Personal Information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from our clients or their agents.
Indirectly from our clients or their agents. For example, through information we collect from our clients in the course of providing services to them.
Directly and indirectly from activity on Our Website. For example, from submissions through Our Website’ portal or Our Website’ usage details collected automatically.
From third-parties that interact with us in connection with the services we perform.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose Personal Information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that Personal Information
confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose:
Category A:
Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records Personal Information categories.
Category D: Commercial Information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category
G:
Geolocation Data
Category H: Sensory Data
Category I: Professional or employment-related information.
Category J: Non-public education information
Category K: Inferences
drawn from other Personal Information.
We disclose your Personal Information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates.
Service providers.
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your Personal Information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any Personal Information.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Information, we will notify you through a notice on Our Website’ home pages. The date the privacy policy
was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting Our Website and this privacy policy to check for any
changes.
I have reviewed and agree to the foregoing Terms & Conditions, including the McIntosh Privacy Policy linked therein. As explained in the Privacy Policy, Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience and to analyze our website traffic. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and use of cookies.
Accept