https://www.advantecglobal.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
AdvanTec takes the privacy of those that visit our web site seriously. We have established this Privacy Policy to communicate what information we collect and how that information is used and safeguarded. By accessing this website, you acknowledge the terms and conditions expressed herein. We reserve the right to change this policy at our sole discretion and without notice.
Who we are
Our website address is: www.advantecglobal.com. The organization is AdvanTec Global Innovations, parent brand to Diamond Sea Glaze, Freeman Marine, Steelhead Marine, Pacific Coast Marine, USA Sliding Doors, Advanced Bending Technologies, and Advanced Flow Systems. For contact, you may reach us at info@advantecglobal.com, or by phone at 1.800.770.0455.
What information is collected, and why?
When a user visits our website, we collect information about the visit that does not identify the user personally. We track information such as the domain from which the user is visiting and the user’s browser type. We also collect specific information regarding the user’s session on our website. This includes items such as the date and time of the visit and the pages viewed. This information is used to analyze site performance as well as identify malicious actions taken on the site.
Sometimes we ask a user to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information (PII). This information generally includes, but is not limited to, name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number. We request this information when the user requests one of the following:
To register to attend an on-line seminar or demonstration
To receive specific information from us such as a whitepaper or code sample
To receive a quotation from our sales team
To create a support ticket
To register for our Naval Architects program
To sign up for a mailing list
To correspond with us
To settle an invoice with us
Or any other such activity that we deem necessary
When processing payments through our online payment portal, we ask the user to voluntarily provide payment details in order to settle invoices with us. We partner with Stripe for our online payments. When using our online payment portal card details securely processed through Stripe. Submissions details are viewable only by the site administrator and only contain the last four digits of the card for identification purposes.
We do not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13.
How is the information used?
Non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) is collected to allow us to analyze how our website is used and to improve the content and service the website provides. If you visit our site’s product catalog, we will track products you’ve viewed. We will use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed.
Voluntarily provided personally identifiable information is used to provide services to the user. AdvanTec owns the collected information and will not sell, trade, or rent the information to others. We may use the information to continue contact with the user. This may include contact such as follow-up calls, e-mail correspondence, or mail correspondence to follow-up on the contact or to provide marketing information about promotions, new services, events, or important website changes. AdvanTec may share this information with its business partners for the specific purpose of a promotion or service offering.
Are cookies used on the website?
Cookies are small pieces of information that are placed on a web user’s hard drive. We may use cookies to provide you with better service including your choice of website language, for a better site experience. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the web more useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major websites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the AdvanTec site if you do so.
If you login through our site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Google Analytics integrated through WPMU DEV’s Beehive plugin is utilized on this site for analyzing site performance through non-identifying traffic data. Beehive’s usage documentation can be found here: https://premium.wpmudev.org/docs/wpmu-dev-plugins/beehive/. For information on how Google Analytics uses cookies to measure user-interactions on websites, you may refer to their documentation here: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage. Privacy information for WPMU DEV plugins can be found in their documentation here: https://premium.wpmudev.org/docs/privacy/our-plugins/
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website (if any), we store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Voluntarily provided information collected through forms for services including invoice payments, quote requests and support requests is retained indefinitely in order to provide follow-up services to the user. Data can be exported or removed upon users request, however this does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
How is personally identifiable information safeguarded?
AdvanTec utilizes industry standard methods and mechanisms such as firewalls, intrusion monitoring, and passwords to protect electronic information. Multiple physical security methods such as locking devices and 24 hour premise monitoring are also employed. Finally, access to PII is limited to a small number of personnel and on a need-to-know basis.
Links to other web sites and embedded content
The AdvanTec web site may contain links to other internet web sites. AdvanTec neither controls nor endorses external sites and is not responsible for the content of such sites. This policy does not cover the privacy policies and data collection practices of non-AdvanTec web sites.
Pages on this site may include embedded content, like YouTube videos, for example. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. The services we use include YouTube and Google Maps.
We use YouTube videos embedded on our site. YouTube has its own cookie and privacy policies over which we have no control. There is no installation of cookies from YouTube and your IP is not sent to a YouTube server until you consent to it. See their privacy policy here: YouTube Privacy Policy. By using this content you are agreeing to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service, https://www.youtube.com/t/terms. You can find Google’s privacy policy here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
We use the Google Maps Embed API to embed Google maps on our site. You can find Google’s privacy policy here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy. The API is used to provide a better experience to the user and is not used to collect any personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information about the user.
We provide you with the choice to accept this or not, we prompt consent boxes for all embedded content, and no data is transferred before you have consented to it. The box below shows all embeds you have consented to. You can opt-out at any time by un-checking them and clicking the update button.
YouTubeGoogle MapsTracking CookiesHow to opt out of correspondence
Based on the information a user has provided, AdvanTec may send e-mail correspondence to the user. Each correspondence will contain an easy means to opt out of further correspondence.
Third party: Google Analytics
Google Analytics is used to measure site traffic through cookies in order to analyze how visitors use the site. Data collected through Google Analytics does not contain identifiable information on the user. Google’s privacy statement can be found here: https://policies.google.com/privacy
From time to time we may use this data for re-marketing and re-engagement efforts through Google Ads. This means targeted advertisements across the web to users who have previously visited the site. Information on how Google uses cookies to serve ads can be found here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
More information on Google ads, including how to disable personalized ads through Google, can be found here: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762
You may also opt out from data collection for Google Analytics through the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Google Analytics is integrated through WPMU DEV’s Beehive plugin. Beehive’s usage documentation can be found here: https://premium.wpmudev.org/docs/wpmu-dev-plugins/beehive/. Privacy information for WPMU DEV plugins can be found in their documentation here: https://premium.wpmudev.org/docs/privacy/our-plugins/
Third party: Stripe
We partner with Stripe for our online payments. We use Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) compliant forms on the site to collect voluntarily provided personally identifiable information (PII) about the user in order to settle invoices. We utilize NinjaForms’ Stripe add-on and WPMU DEV’s Forminator plugin for collecting payments.
From NinjaForms’ Stripe documentation, “As of version 3.1 of the Stripe add-on, the plugin has been updated to meet the Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) rules required for payments from EU users. This is done through the Stripe add-on by using Stripe’s 3D Secure Card Payment. When a user makes a submission on the form that has a Stripe Collect Payment Action activated on it, the user will be forwarded to Stripe’s site (https://checkout.stripe.com) to make a secure payment.”
You can read more about the Stripe add-on for NinjaForms here: https://ninjaforms.com/docs/stripe/
WPMU DEV partners with Stripe and offers secure payment processing through their Forminator plugin. You can find WPMU DEV’s listing in Stripe’s partners page here: https://stripe.com/partners/wpmu-dev
Privacy information for WPMU DEV plugins can be found in their documentation here: https://premium.wpmudev.org/docs/privacy/our-plugins/
Read more about Strong Customer Authentication here: https://stripe.com/en-ca/guides/strong-customer-authentication
Stripe’s global privacy policy: https://stripe.com/en-ca/privacy
Third party: Salesforce
AdvanTec uses Salesforce for its customer relationship management (CRM). For quotation and support requests made through forms on our site, the data is sent to Salesforce for our sales and service team to review. You can view Salesforce’s privacy policy statement here: https://www.salesforce.com/ca/company/privacy/
AdvanTec owns the collected information and will not sell, trade, or rent the information to others. We may use the information to continue contact with the user. This may include contact such as follow-up calls, e-mail correspondence, or mail correspondence to follow-up on the contact in order to provide quotation for service or resolve support requests. Data can be removed upon users request, however this does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Based on the information a user has provided, AdvanTec may use Salesforce to send marketing e-mail correspondence to the user. Each correspondence will contain an easy means to opt out of further correspondence.
Third party plugin: NinjaForms
We utlilize NinjaForms to collect voluntarily provided personally identifiable information (PII) about the user in order provide services such as invoice settlement, product support and quotation requests. The information collected generally includes, but is not limited to, name, e-mail address, company, postal address, banking information, and telephone number. For our quotation and support services we use this information to create objects in Salesforce via NinjaForms’ Salesforce CRM extension for our sales and service team to review. You can view Salesforce’s privacy policy statement here: https://www.salesforce.com/ca/company/privacy/
We use NinjaForms’ Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) compliant Stripe add-on for processing payments on the site. NinjaForms’ Stripe add-on meets the SCA rules required for payments from EU users. This is done through the Stripe add-on by using Stripe’s 3D Secure Card Payment. When a user makes a submission on the form that has a Stripe Collect Payment Action activated on it, the user will be forwarded to Stripe’s site (https://checkout.stripe.com) to make a secure payment. You can read more about the Stripe add-on for NinjaForms here: https://ninjaforms.com/docs/stripe/
AdvanTec owns the collected information and will not sell, trade, or rent the information to others. We may use the information to continue contact with the user. This may include contact such as follow-up calls, e-mail correspondence, or mail correspondence to follow-up on the contact in order to provide quotation for service or resolve support requests.
For a complete look at tools utilized by NinjaForms to protect user data, you may view the documentation here: https://ninjaforms.com/docs/gdpr-compliance-ninja-forms/
Third party plugin: WPMU DEV
We utilize the WPMU DEV family of plugins for operations on the site including invoice payments, analytics, security, caching, and image optimization. Privacy information for WPMU DEV plugins can be found in their documentation here: https://premium.wpmudev.org/docs/privacy/our-plugins/
WPMU DEV plugins use the Stackpath Content Delivery Network (CDN). Stackpath may store web log information of site visitors, including IPs, UA, referrer, Location and ISP info of site visitors for 7 days. Files and images served by the CDN may be stored and served from countries other than your own. Stackpath’s privacy policy can be found here: https://www.stackpath.com/legal/privacy-statement/
For security purposes, this site tracks and stores site and user activity such as IP addresses, usernames, comments, posts, login attempts, setting changes, and upload timestamps on WPMU DEV’s secure servers. This information is used for identifying potentially malicious activity on the site for review by the site administrator. Information will be stored locally for 30 days and remotely for 1 year. Information on remote logs cannot be cleared for security purposes.
Google Analytics is integrated through WPMU DEV’s Beehive plugin. Beehive’s usage documentation can be found here: https://premium.wpmudev.org/docs/wpmu-dev-plugins/beehive/. Google’s privacy statement can be found here: https://policies.google.com/privacy
We use WPMU DEV plugins for collecting payments on the site. WPMU DEV partners with Stripe and offers secure payment processing through their Forminator plugin. You can find WPMU DEV’s listing in Stripe’s partners page here: https://stripe.com/partners/wpmu-dev. Stripe’s global privacy policy can be found here: https://stripe.com/en-ca/privacy
Third party plugin: Ultimate Member
Ultimate Member uses forms for user registration, login and profiles. Via these forms we may collect personal data from users, including, but not limited to, name, company, e-mail address, and telephone number. We utilize Ultimate Member for our Naval Architects program. When someone submits/fills in a form, we collect and review data for acceptance into the program.
Registered user information is retained in our website’s database indefinitely. Data can be exported or removed upon users request.
We may sync data to a 3rd party service (e.g Mailchimp via our MailChimp extension), where data is retained there until unsubscribed or deleted.
More information about Ultimate Member can be found on their site, https://ultimatemember.com/
Disclaimer
We do not give any warranty or other assurance as to the operation, quality or functionality of this site. Access to the site may be interrupted, restricted or delayed for any reason.
We do not give any warranty or other assurance as to the content of the material appearing on the site, its accuracy, completeness, timelessness or fitness for any particular purpose.
To the full extent permissible by law, we disclaim all responsibility for any damages or losses (including, without limitation, financial loss, damages for loss in business projects, loss of profits or other consequential losses) arising in contract, tort or otherwise from the use of or inability to use the Site or any material appearing on this site, or from any action or decision taken as a result of using this site or any such material.
This site contains links to external sites. We are not responsible for and have no control over the content of such sites.
Information on this site, or available via hypertext link from this site, is made available without responsibility on our part. We disclaim all responsibility and liability (including for negligence) in relation to information on or accessible from this site.
This website uses cookies and third party services. You can disable cookies in your browser. Click here to read more.
Ok
Go to Top