https://www.pilgrims.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
×
Careers
Brands
Locations
Impact
Contact Us
About Us
Sustainability
Leadership
Investors
Close
Search
Our Commitment to Privacy
We collect information, including personal information, from you in a variety of ways when you interact with JBS, by phone, through mail and email, and through our Site. We collect and store the following types of information: your name, home address, email address, telephone number, mobile phone number, precise location information, mobile device identification, site traffic information, credit card number, and purchase and order information. Such information may be collected, for instance, when:
You follow the checkout process and make an online purchase, return or exchange;You create a personalized shipping account for your convenience;You sign up to receive promotional emails (including offers and sales alerts);You submit a request to our Customer Service;You use and navigate our Site;You click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements;You install, use, and navigate our mobile applications and/or mobile website;You participate or use JBS’s pages on social media sites, such asFacebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest and Instagram; andYou order products from JBS through the Site, on the telephone, or through the mail.
We may receive information about you from other sources and third parties. For instance, we may obtain information from companies to enhance our existing customer information, such as improving the accuracy of the information we have about our customers.
We may ask you to submit information about other people if you order a gift to be sent directly to the recipient.
We may ask you for personally-identifying information at other times, such as if you enter into a promotion, communicate with us, or complete a survey. If you opt-in to receive information regarding a promotion, you give us your consent to share your name and e-mail address with the third party offering the promotion or the third party who may forward marketing or other materials on our behalf. If you no longer wish to receive promotional email from JBS, please unsubscribe as directed.
Cookies & Similar Technologies
We may automatically gather general statistical information about our Site, including IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, goods and services purchased, transactions completed, etc. To do this, we use action tags and cookies provided by our third party site analytics and marketing partners. Although these partners log the information coming from our Site on our behalf, we authorize how that data may and may not be used.
Our web-site analytics partners use this data in an aggregated format to determine how visitors use our Site so we can improve website experiences. In addition, this information is used to better serve you with appropriate and relevant marketing offers.
JBS partners with reputable outside vendors to serve relevant advertising to our customers on other sites on the web. In order to facilitate this, we use cookies to store and track information on our web site. This information is anonymized and no personally identifiable information is transferred from JBS. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us who you are and enable us to access your account information so you do not have to re-enter it on subsequent visits; gather statistical information about usage by registered or unregistered users, research visiting patterns, and provide our own enhanced online display advertising tailored to your interests. If you do not wish to see ads from JBS, you can disable cookies on your computer, however, upon doing so, you will not be able to purchase JBS products online.
Contests & Sweepstakes
We periodically run contests and sweepstakes on our sites for which we ask users/participants to provide contact information (like their e-mail address).  This information is used to contact the participant only when necessary in accordance with the rules of the contest or sweepstakes.
If a participant has indicated upon entering a contest or sweepstakes that he/she is under 13 years of age, the participant is instructed to enter the e-mail address of his/her parent or guardian.  Further, for any game or contest where the screen names of the high scorers are posted, a user under 13 can only select a generic screen name from a list that has been developed in advance.  This prevents the disclosure of any personally identifiable information.
Polls & Surveys
Information gathered from polls and surveys are only for internal use of Pilgrim’s.  If sample answers to polls or surveys are posted on the web site, then no identifiable Personal Information is ever included.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect to carry-on our core business functions, such as: (i) evaluating your personal interactions with us to enhance your shopping experience; (ii) to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; (iii) to statistically analyze site usage; (iv) to improve our content and product offerings; (v) to customize our site’s content, layout, and services; (vi) to process, purchase, return or exchange transactions; (vii) to communicate with you; and (viii) diagnose problems with our servers, manage, and enhance our Site.
In addition, we may share personally identifiable information with unaffiliated third parties if (1) you request or authorize it, (2) the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you, (3) the information is provided to comply with law, applicable regulations, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our users or others, (4) the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that we sell assets to another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets), (5) the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf, (6) the third parties provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you, or (7) the information is provided to such third parties as otherwise described in this Policy. We may use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banners, new products, services and promotions. At times we may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests, experience or requests, which we may use to customize our products and services for you.
As part of your business relationship with JBS, you will be asked to supply us with your postal address and/or phone number. Regardless of whether this is a wired or wireless phone number or whether this number is listed on the Do-Not-Call Registry, you consent to being contacted by JBS (and/or its designated agents) at this number, for any purpose (including sales, marketing and promotional offers) and by any means (including autodialed or prerecorded voice calls and text messages made with an automatic telephone dialing system). In this regard, you specifically acknowledge and understand that you may incur, and will bear sole responsibility for, charges related to these incoming calls or messages. You may also receive periodic mailings from us or from other reputable companies.
Security
We are committed to preventing others from unauthorized access to the personal information you provide to us, and we maintain procedures and technology designed for this purpose. We take several steps to protect the information we have about you, including the following:
We update and test our technology on a regular basis in order to improve the protection of customer information.We require outside companies and independent contractors to whom we provide customer information for marketing, servicing or processing purposes to restrict the use of the information to those purposes and we prohibit independent use of such information.Access to your information is controlled by strict internal procedures. We maintain policies about the proper physical security of workplaces and records.
You play a significant role in protecting your information. After you register on our Site you are responsible for protecting the security of your user name and password. You are responsible for any transaction made using your user name and password.
Although we will take reasonable security precautions regarding your personal information collected from and stored on the Site, because of the open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any of your personal information stored on our services or on those of our third parties, or transmitted to or from JBS, will be free from unauthorized access or disclosure. Accordingly, we disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to, disclosure or damage to, interception of, theft, or loss of any data communications and/or person information. By using the Site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
Children Under 13
We do not knowingly collect or use personal information from children under 13 without containing verifiable consent from their parents. We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who address our website, and so we carry out the same Policy for individuals of all ages. If a child has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities.
For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the FTC website: www.ftc.gov.
Marketing Partners
The privacy policy of an advertiser or promotional service appearing at our Site may differ from ours. We encourage you to read that policy before responding to the offer. We are not responsible for the data collection and use practices of nonaffiliated marketing partners to which our Site may link.
Changes to Our Policy
The practices and policies contained in this Policy are subject to change and may be modified by JBS at any time. Any such material changes will be communicated through the Site and will be applied only to information collected on a go-forward basis. For this reason, JBS encourages you to review this Policy each time you visit the Site. Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the previous Policy. The practices and policies in this Policy replace all previous notices or statements with respect to the same subject matter.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California law, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. The notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties, as well as the name and address of the third parties that receive such personal information. If you want a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address:
JBS USA Food CompanyAttn. Legal Department1770 Promontory Cr.Greeley, Colorado 80634
California residents are also advised that JBS (and certain third parties authorized by JBS) does track user’s behavior on our Site and across websites for the purpose of serving targeted ads, for instance, or as further described in this Policy above. If you turn on the “do not track” setting in your web browser, JBS will honor that setting.
Applicable Law
This Privacy Policy and any disputes arising between you and JBS related in any way to this Policy or JBS’s products, including but not limited to disputes over billing, service, privacy, advertising, or JBS’s or its Associates’ communications with you, whether based on contract, tort, statute, or common law, will be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado, without regard to choice of law principles and shall follow the arbitration provision set forth in the Terms of Use for this Site.
Your Consent
By using our Site, you’re granting express consent to the collection and use of your personally-identifying information in the manner we describe and for normal business communications.
How To Contact Us
To update, correct or delete your personal information, you can contact us at:
JBS USA Food Company1770 Promontory Cr.Greeley, Colorado 80634Attn: Legal Department