http://www.faraday.com/legal?c=n
Home
About Faraday
Faraday Overview
The Board of Directors
Management Team
Faraday People
Corporate Structure
Business Lines
Business Lines Overview
Accident and Health
Agriculture
Aviation
Employers and Public Liability
International Casualty
Property Insurance
Property Treaty
Specialist Lines
Claims
Publications
Contact
Careers
Faraday
Syndicate 435
Legal Notice
This worldwide web site is operated and maintained by Faraday Holdings Limited URL:http://www.Faraday.com (the "Site"). URL:http://Faraday.com
Faraday Capital Limited (registration number 2982540), Faraday Holdings Limited (registration number 02636078), Faraday Underwriting Limited (registration number 01682486), Faraday MGA Limited (registration number 10955079) and GRF Services Limited (registration number 02841906) are all registered in England and Wales with registered office at Corn Exchange, 55 Mark Lane, London EC3R 7NE.
Disclaimer
Faraday Holdings Limited and/or its respective affiliated companies ("Faraday") makes no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics and/or any software published on this web site for any purpose. We will use reasonable efforts to include accurate, reliable and up-to-date information however, all such documents and related graphics ("Material") are subject to change without notice and provided "as is" without any guarantee of completeness, accuracy or timeliness and any warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranty of fitness for a particular purpose and the warranty of merchantibility. The entire risk arising out of use of the Material remains solely with the user. In no event shall Faraday and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any direct, consequential, incidental, special, punitive or other damages whatsoever (including without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, or loss of business information), even if Faraday has been advised of the possibility of such damages resulting from your use of the Site.
We shall not be liable for damages of any kind related to or arising out of: (1) your access or inability to access or your use or your inability to use Faraday.com or other sites owned or controlled by Faraday; or (2) your reliance on the Material and/or information provided.
The products and services description included are for the sole purpose of providing a reference tool concerning the nature and type of products and services available from Faraday. The descriptions are not intended to be, nor can be, relied upon by customers or by potential customers.
Faraday is not liable for any offensive or illegal conduct of any web site visitor. We also disclaim all liability for any computer viruses or other disabling computer code that may be loaded into your computer if you download files from this web site Faraday does not warrant that this web site, or any Material and/or information, product or service that may be obtained through a link from this web site, will be uninterrupted, error-free, or free of viruses or other harmful components
By clicking on certain links within this Site you will leave Faraday's Site. Hypertext links are provided only for your convenience and do not suggest, and should not be viewed as suggesting, any association with or endorsement of or by such linked web sites. Faraday is not responsible for the content, accuracy or availability of any other web site accessed after leaving this Site. Faraday is under no obligation to maintain any link on this Site and may remove a link at any time in its sole discretion for any reason whatsoever.
Access to this Site
Faraday may at any time in its sole discretion and without notice, discontinue, remove and/or discard the Site or any content within the Site for any reason. Faraday may terminate your access to the Site for any reason, including if Faraday believes in its sole discretion that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms.
Personal Information
Your privacy matters to us. Faraday will treat any personal information sent to us when you access the Site, or contact us, in accordance with our own strict privacy standards which comply with relevant data protection legislation currently in force.
Proprietary Rights
The design of this Site, and information contained within are the property of Faraday and protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property and proprietary rights. The selection, arrangement and design of the entire contents of this Site, as well as the original contents herein, are the property of Faraday. Faraday and Faraday.com are the registered trademark and domain name of Faraday.
This Site may be viewed and its contents downloaded by you for your own or your company's internal use. You must keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. The Site and its contents may not be displayed, modified, transmitted, reproduced, copied, licensed, sold, broadcast, published, re-published or distributed in whole or in part in any manner without the prior written consent of Faraday.
Jurisdiction
All Material on this Site, or any other website of Faraday Holdings Limited is designed to comply with English law. The Material is primarily directed to users in the UK and USA and other countries in which we do business.
You may be viewing the Material in a market in which Faraday does not commonly operate. Faraday cannot be held responsible for non-compliance with any local advertising laws in relation to the Material on this Site. No reliance should be placed on the Material or other information on this Site. Faraday excludes all liability to the full extent allowed by English law for tortious or other liability arising from the Material or other information on this Site.
© Copyright Faraday 2020
Site Map
Privacy
Faraday Re
BCP Information
Site Help
Credits
Modern Slavery Act
Board Diversity
Legal Notice
Lloyd's Brexit Transfer
FCA Test Case
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Print this page
Bookmark this link
Full Version