https://www.frischs.com/privacy/
Order
Delivery
Menu
Locations
Story
Community
Careers
Franchise
Shop
Privacy Policy
FRISCHS.COM PRIVACY POLICY
Frisch’s Restaurants, Inc. and its parents, affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “Frisch’s,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) have developed this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain our practices regarding the use and disclosure of information we may obtain from you when you visit our website located at www.frischs.com (“Website”). As Frisch’s, we respect your privacy. We value your trust and we strive to safeguard any personally identifiable information (“PII”) that you may share with us. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate an individual.
Your use of our Website is subject to this Privacy Policy, and by accessing or using the Website you agree to this Privacy Policy. Therefore, it is important that you fully understand the conditions of our collection and use of such information. Please take a moment and read this Privacy Policy carefully before using and/or submitting information at our Website.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please revisit this Privacy Policy when subsequently accessing our Website.
What personal information do we collect?
PII might include your name, address(es), phone number, email address, account password, demographic information (such as your gender and occupation), and other information.
We collect PII that you directly give us on or through our Website, applications, emails, paper forms, or other means, including when you sign up for our Loyalty Program, enter any sweepstakes, contests, or promotions, respond to a survey or marketing communication, contact us through our Website’s Virtual Comment Card, or use certain other Website features.
We may also gather information, including PII, about you from other sources. We may add this to information we receive directly from you.
How do we use your PII?
We may use the PII we collect from you in the following ways:
To allow us to respond to your requests, concerns, or claims for information and/or services.
To administer promotions, surveys, our Virtual Comment Card, or other Website features.
To contact you with additional information about our products and services.
To manage our Loyalty Program.
To process orders for gift cards.
To distribute email alerts and e-newsletters.
To improve our Website in order to better serve you.
To provide you with information about new products or services, contests, sweepstakes, and other special events, offers and marketing programs.
To personalize your user experience and to help us deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you may be interested.
To send periodic promotional emails (or postal mail) regarding products and services that we offer that may be of interest to you.
To conduct research and analysis to otherwise measure the effectiveness of our products, services, and marketing programs.
Do we share your PII with third parties?
We do not sell, trade, or rent PII gathered on our Website; however, we may share aggregated, non-identifiable demographic information and statistics with our partners, advertisers, and other third parties.
We are the sole owners of all information collected on our Website. We share PII with our parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and designees, and with our franchisees. We also share PII with service providers, contractors, and other third parties we use to support our business, such as payment processors, marketing companies, gift card vendors. We cannot, and do not, guarantee that these companies will not retain, share, store, or use PII for purposes beyond those for which the PII was provided to them.
In addition, we may disclose any information, including PII, we deem necessary or appropriate (i) to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (ii) to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or (iii) to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, our customers, or others.
If we or our affiliates, or substantially all of our or their assets, are acquired, In the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets or those of any of our affiliates, PII will be among the transferred assets.
How do we protect personal information?
We use industry-standard encryption techniques when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our Website. We also have strict security measures in place at our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we may have collected from you at our site. Although we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that these security measures will prevent third parties from illegally obtaining this information. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
How long is my information kept?
We may retain anonymous, de-identified, or aggregated information indefinitely for technical purposes or market research. So long as your account remains active, your account information will be retained. You may request deletion of your account by contacting us or by logging into your account and following the deletion procedures explained therein. Until you ask us to delete it, we may also retain your email address or other contact information you provide for the purposes of sending you information about us and the Site. Questions or other personal information submitted outside of an account will be retained indefinitely. We reserve the right to delete information when it is no longer needed for any of the uses discussed in this Privacy Policy.
Do we use “cookies”?
Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website.
We use cookies to automatically log information about you and your computer, such as your computer operating system type, browser type, browser language, the website you visited before browsing to our Website, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times, Internet protocol (IP) address, and information about your use of and actions on our Website. We use this information to help better understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction, so we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may also log information using digital images called Web beacons on our Website or in our emails. We use Web beacons to manage cookies, count visits, and to learn what marketing works and what does not. We also use Web beacons to tell if you open or act on our emails.
Third-party links
Any third-party websites linked to or from this website may have different privacy policies and practices. You should review the privacy policies on those other websites in order to determine how each website may use any personal information you provide. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
In particular, our website contains links to social media websites, such as Facebook® , YouTube® , and LinkedIn®. If you link from our website to those social media websites, the personal information and content you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are solely responsible for the personal information you choose to share or submit in these instances. For example, if you list your name and email address in a forum posting, that information is public. Please take care when using these features.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA requires commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. Among other things, the law requires businesses that operate websites that collect PII from California consumers to: (a) post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected; (b) identify the parties with whom such information is being shared; and (c) comply with the business’s written privacy policy.
If you are a California resident, we agree to the following:
You can visit our site anonymously.
We will notify you of any privacy policy changes by posting the updated policy on this privacy policy page.
You are able to review and change your personal information by emailing us at frischsfriends@frischs.com.
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
This Website is not intended for children under the age of 13 and will not knowingly collect or store any PII about children under the age of 13. When you disclose PII on this site, you are representing to us that you are 18 years of age or older. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed PII to us, please contact us immediately at 1-800-873-3633 or at frischsfriends@frischs.com.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy is governed under the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Opt Out
If you prefer not to receive information from us, you may opt-out by emailing your information to frischsfriends@frischs.com.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact one of our customer representatives at 1-800-873-3633; e-mail us by visiting www.frischs.com, selecting the Contact Us tab and then clicking on the Virtual Comment Card or e-mail us directly at frischsfriends@frischs.com; or write us at: Customer Service Frisch’s Restaurants, Inc. 2800 Gilbert Avenue Cincinnati, OH 45206-1206.
Last updated on August 14, 2017.