http://www.acornhollowbantams.com/disclaimers/privacy.cfm
Currently there are no events or updates to display.
Here you'll find information about my commitment to ensuring the privacy of your personal information, such as your full name, address, email address, telephone number or other identifying information.
My site may contain links to other sites that are not managed or maintained by Acorn Hollow Bantams. The inclusion of a link to another site from Acorn Hollow Bantams does not imply any endorsement of that site's privacy policies, practices or content. Your dealings with these sites are covered only by the privacy policies listed on those sites.
What information does Acorn Hollow Bantams collect?
I do not collect personal information from my visitors other than what is supplied to me on a voluntary basis.
Does Acorn Hollow Bantams use cookies?
Yes, I use cookies for a variety of purposes.
A "cookie" is a tiny element of data that my site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive.
Cookies that are sent to your browser by my site are only readable by Acorn Hollow Bantams and are never shared with any other site.
If you are concerned about your privacy and the use of cookie technology on Acorn Hollow Bantams you may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. You may also set your browser to refuse the cookies my site attempts to send you. Should you decide not to accept cookies from Acorn Hollow Bantams you may limit the functionality we can provide when you visit my site.
How will Acorn Hollow Bantams use the information I provide?
I will always explain the extent of its use at the time you are asked to provide personal information. If you do not want this information to be collected or used by me for these purposes, you can simply "opt out." Under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed, such as the subscription to the Acorn Hollow Bantams newsletter.
Does Acorn Hollow Bantams rent, share, sell or trade my information?
Acorn Hollow Bantams does not rent, share, sell or trade supporter email addresses and telephone numbers. In addition, I do not rent, share, sell or trade information about what activities or donations supporters have undertaken on my web site.
If you are not a Acorn Hollow Bantams member and you have provided personal contact information on my Web site by signing up for a list, or sending me feedback, your information WILL NOT BE RENTED, SHARED, SOLD, TRADED OR EXCHANGED.
What do I do if I have questions that aren't answered here?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this web site, please contact me.
Copyright © 1997 - 2020 Acorn Hollow Bantams. All Rights Reserved.   |   Terms of Use   |   Privacy Policy