http://www.directmail.com/privacypolicy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the DirectMail.com™ Web site. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials and promotions. The types of personal information collected at these pages are Name, Address, Email address, Phone number, Credit/Debit Card Information, (etc.).
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you are a designer and order a brochure online and want it sent directly to your customer, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are Name, Address, Phone Number, (etc.).
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our Web site if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our Web site will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. All the sensitive information collected such as credit card numbers, are encrypted using the best software in the industry (SSL).
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into our Web site. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
Back to Content
Site Navigation
Solutions
Creative & Agency Services
Insight & Analytics
Omni-Channel Marketing
Data Products & Tech
Digital Marketing
Production & Distribution
GeoInsight™
Customer Insight Profile
Our Work
Expertise
Association
Healthcare
Higher Education
Insurance
Nonprofit
Political & Advocacy
Retail & Consumer Services
Travel & Leisure
Utilities & Energy Services
Mailing Lists
Consumer
New Mover
New Homeowner
Business
About
Leadership
Clients
Careers
News & Events
Blogs
Thought Leadership
Contact
1-888-690-2252
support@directmail.com
Member Copyright ©2020 DirectMail.com™, All Rights Reserved