http://www.vlengineering.com/legal.html
The Leading Pioneer in Secure
Invisible Barcoding TechnologySM
Home
Products
Services
About Us
Contact
Us
Sitemap
Legal Notice
Legal Notice and Terms of Use
This web site is owned and operated by V.L. Engineering, Inc.
This web page contains proprietary rights notices and terms of
use of this web site. By using this web site, you accept these
terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please
do not use this web site. The Terms of Use for this web site are
provided publicly on this web page, and potentially on other web
pages on this web site as they relate to specific information.
Terms of Use are subject to change without notification, so it
is requested that this web page is viewed regularly by all users
because user rights may be affected.
Copyright Notice
© Copyright 2018 V.L. Engineering, Inc., 10999 Reed Hartman
Hwy #234, Cincinnati, OH 45242, United States of America. All rights
reserved.
The V.L. Engineering, Inc., logo is a trademark
of V.L. Engineering, Inc., © Copyright of
V.L. Engineering, Inc.
The Reflecting Light Beam device is a trademark of
V.L. Engineering, Inc., © Copyright of
V.L. Engineering, Inc.
Armorcode™, Cryptocoder™, Cryptoreader™,
Lercode™, Marka™, and Wizard™ are trademarks
of V.L. Engineering, Inc.
All items on this web site that are marked SM are service marks of
V.L. Engineering, Inc., unless otherwise noted.
All other trademarks are property of their respective
owners.
This web site’s entire content, including but not limited
to text and graphic arts, and its design
are © Copyright 2018
V.L. Engineering, Inc., except for the “linked
web sites” as defined below.
Graphic arts designed in part by Pollen Design, NY, NY.
Proprietary Rights
All materials on this web site are the property of V.L.
Engineering, Inc., unless otherwise specified. You may not copy,
modify, display, or prepare derivative works based upon the
materials on this web site without a specific prior written
permission legally obtained from V.L. Engineering, Inc. Note
that any product or service referenced on this web site may be
subject to other proprietary rights reserved by V.L.
Engineering, Inc., and are not licensed hereunder. All rights
not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Any visitor to the V.L. Engineering, Inc., web site who
provides information to V.L. Engineering, Inc., agrees that the
receiver has unlimited rights to such information as provided,
and that the receiver may use such information in any way the
receiver chooses. Such information as provided by the visitor
shall be deemed to be non-confidential. Confidentiality on
submitted information will have to be obtained from V.L.
Engineering, Inc., directly, and separately, under a negotiated
NDA agreement (also known as a Non-Disclosure Agreement, or a
mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement). Confidentiality is not implied
by default for any online requests transacted through the
www.vlengineering.com web site and/or domain name.
Applicable Laws
This web site (excluding linked web sites) is controlled by
V.L. Engineering, Inc., from its offices within the state of
Ohio, United States of America. By accessing this web site, you
and V.L. Engineering, Inc., agree that the statutes and laws of
the state of Ohio, United States of America, without regard to
the conflicts of laws principles thereof, will apply to all
matters relating to the use of this web site. Those who choose
to access this web site from other locations do so on their own
initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws,
if and to the extent said local laws are applicable.
Warranty Disclaimer and Limitation on Liability
All of the information on
this web site is provided “as is,” without warranty
of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not
limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Some
jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties,
so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
In no event will V.L.
Engineering, Inc., be liable to any party for any special,
indirect, incidental or consequential damages, including without
limitation, lost revenues or lost profits, whether incurred by
you or any third party, which may result from the use of this
web site or any other linked web site, even if we are advised of
the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow
the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential
damages, so the above limitation and exclusion may not apply to
you.
This web site may include technical inaccuracies or
typographical errors. Under this agreement, it is the
responsibility of the user to confirm accuracy of the
information provided on this web site. Information on this web
site, and any products or services to which this web site
refers, may be changed at any time without prior notice. It is
the responsibility of the user to communicate with V.L.
Engineering, Inc., regularly to be aware of any changes applied
to parts or services for which they use. At any given point in
time, this web site may contain outdated information not
reflecting such changes. V.L. Engineering, Inc., make no
representations whatsoever about any other web site which you
may access through this web site. Such linked web sites are not
under the control of V.L. Engineering, Inc., and V.L.
Engineering, Inc., is not responsible for the contents of any
linked web site or any link contained in a linked web site or
any changes to such web sites. Such links are provided only as a
convenience, and the inclusion of a link does not imply an
endorsement of the linked web site by V.L. Engineering, Inc.
Terms of Sale and Business
All quotes provided through this web site by any medium of
transmission including telepone, email, file transfer, form
submission, fax, or other means are valid for 30 days unless
otherwise specified. Terms of payment and credit are negotiated
per instance, or account, and are subject to V.L. Engineering,
Inc., approval. The cost and delivery of samples requested are
evaluated on an individual basis based on opportunity potential
and financial credit of the customer, and may require method of
additional payment terms to be fulfilled before order
processing. Delivery lead times quoted in advance of orders are
based on the best information available, and may be subject to
change based on material availability between quotation and
order placement. Lead times are confirmed with order placement
via confirmation of delivery dates that require customer
approval. Please contact V.L. Engineering, Inc., to determine
any potential obligations per instance. V.L. Engineering, Inc.,
reserves the right to deny the supply of products and services
listed on this web site, with or without reason, within
applicable laws. Orders placed with V.L. Engineering, Inc., are
considered non-cancellable and non-returnable (NCNR) unless
otherwise negotiated in writing and accepted by V.L.
Engineering, Inc., account managers with written signature.
Minimum order quantities may be required for products, or for
usage of some services advertised. After orders are transmitted
to V.L. Engineering, Inc., a transmitted acknowledgement is
required to confirm each order, or instance. Projected shipment
dates will be advised based on best estimates and will be
returned with an order confirmation. Estimated delivery dates
will require written approval prior to fulfillment of an order.
These deliveries will be met with every controllable effort, but
may be effected by material availability. Any changes to
delivery will be communicated at the soonest availability.
Customer order changes require a minimum of 60 days prior notice
to an affected order’s scheduled requested date. V.L.
Engineering, Inc., reserves the right to deny multiple
reschedules based on the request and situation. V.L.
Engineering, Inc., also may require changes in price, delivery,
terms, or any previously settled aspect of the order to
accommodate an expressed requested change by a customer.
Privacy and Proprietary Information
V.L. Engineering, Inc., respects the concept of, and
typically accommodates requests, for privacy and protection of
information. However, this is not an implied service from the
V.L. Engineering, Inc., personnel or via this web site. If
communication of propietary information is involved, please
request and negotiate an applicable written and signed contract
in the form of an NDA or other mutually acceptable form with
V.L. Engineering, Inc., prior to discussions on any information
that may require additional protection. Information transmitted
or communicated from companies without signed contracts will be
treated as public information. With respect to technology, V.L.
Engineering, Inc., will treat electronic beacons such as cookies
and web site traffic reports as public information and may use
this information to market their products and servies, or as
deemed beneficial for V.L. Engineering, Inc., business
development. If this aspect of privacy is a concern, please take
precautionary measures to ensure that your personal, corporate,
and project information is not revealed via these types of
ever-developing technologies. In addition, please seek a
contract from V.L. Engineering, Inc., to protect your interests
and privacy to your requirements.
© Copyright 2018 V.L. Engineering, Inc. All rights
reserved.
Home |
Legal Notice |
Keywords
This page was last updated 2018 August 02
Valid XHTML 1.0
Strict and
valid CSS