http://www.katesylvester.com/pages/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
| Kate Sylvester
Skip to content
OUR ONLINE STORE IS OPEN // FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $200
Kate Sylvester
Search
0
Cart0
Shop
New Arrivals
KS Exclusives
Dresses
Tops
Skirts
Trousers
Knitwear
Jackets
Lingerie
Accessories
Jewellery
Sunglasses
Gift Vouchers
Online Outlet Sale
Collections
KATE SYLVESTER
Exploding Woman
SYLVESTER
Cafe Baba
EYEWEAR
Sunglasses
EYEWEAR
Opticals
Reloved
Journal
Explore
Our Design
Our People
Social Responsibility
Environment
Mindful Fashion
Progress Report
Community
Care Guide
Stores
NEW ZEALAND
Britomart
Newmarket
Ponsonby
Wellington
Merivale
Christchurch
Stockist Enquiries
Account
Sign in
Register
Assistance
Customer care
Do you need help with ordering, size and fit, or shipping? Contact our customer care team.
Email
+64 9 845 2599
Leave a message
Contact
Stockist Enquiries
Stock Availability
Delivery
Returns & Exchanges
Size Guide
Terms & Conditions
FAQs
Privacy
USD
Please select the country that you are shipping your order to:
Australia (AUD)
New Zealand (NZD)
Search
0
Cart0
Search our store
Search
Search Suggestions
Sylvie Dress
Denim Jacket
Joy Top
Faye Trouser
Billowy Skirt
My Bag
Your bag is currently empty.
Continue browsing here.
Enable cookies to use the shopping bag
Assistance
Contact
Stockist Enquiries
Stock Availability
Delivery
Returns & Exchanges
Size Guide
Terms & Conditions
FAQs
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Viewing: Terms & Conditions
Contact
Stockist Enquiries
Stock Availability
Delivery
Returns & Exchanges
Size Guide
FAQs
Privacy
Eligibility to Purchase
KATE SYLVESTER is a New Zealand owned company.
The purchase of products from katesylvester.com is limited only to parties who can enter into and form contracts in accordance with New Zealand law. Customers must provide their real name, phone number, e-mail address and other requested information. When providing payment details, customers must warrant that the payment details provided are theirs and are both valid and correct. Katesylvester.com is only available to customers who meet our terms of eligibility. Purchases made are for personal use only and must not be resold or used for commercial benefit. Katesylvester.com reserves the right to decline multiple quantities to one customer or address.
Products
All sizes are based on standard New Zealand sizing. Some sizing may vary between styles; however we do attempt to ensure they are as consistent as possible. We have made every effort to display the colours of our products as accurately as possible on the website. However, as the actual colours you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display will accurately reflect the colour of the product on delivery.
We take great care to ensure that all details, descriptions and product prices appearing on our website are correct at the time of website entry. We reserve the right to refuse orders where product information has been incorrectly published or altered, including prices and promotions. From time to time our retail stores may run special local promotions (which may not be available on our web-site) or we may offer special discounts online that are not available in the retail stores. Some website promotions may not be available to customers in particular jurisdictions.
Whilst we endeavor to keep our stock levels accurate, however if an item is purchased that is not available at time of dispatch we will refund the purchase immediately. All orders are subject to availability. Items in your shopping basket are not on hold and may be purchased by other customers.
Pricing
All prices are in New Zealand dollars unless specified otherwise.
Payment
Payment can be made by Visa, MasterCard and American Express as well as PayPal. Payment will be cleared from your account upon receipt of your order. The credit card you are using must be yours. All credit card/debit holders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of the payment method refuses to authorise the payment, katesylvester.com will not be held responsible for any non-delivery. Katesylvester.com takes every precaution to make our site as secure as possible, SSL is used to encrypt and protect the data you send us over the internet to ensure that your details are safe. We do not hold any payment details on record.
The name ‘KATE SYLVESTER’ will appear on your cardholder statements when you purchase through our online store.
You must be signed in as a Kate Sylvester customer with an existing address to make a payment with PayPal.
Afterpay
Sales made using Afterpay are subject to the same Terms & Conditions as sales made using any other payment method.First time Afterpay customers will have a $500 limit for the first six weeks.
Layby Purchasing Within New Zealand
Terms and Condition of Layby:
Full Priced Stock
Full price stock may be placed on layby under the following conditions:
A minimum deposit of 30% of the total retail price must be paid on opening the layby account.
The full price of the layby must be paid within a period of 5 weeks.
If your layby becomes overdue we will notify you with a phone call. Your layby must be paid in full within 7 days of this call. After this period we reserve the right to cancel the layby and return the goods to stock.
If the layby is cancelled the garment will be returned to stock and you will be entitled to a refund calculated as follows: Your payments less an administration fee of $20. If there has been any decrease in the retail value of the product after the layby period of weeks, this amount will also be deducted. Any remaining balance will be refunded to you. If you take a store credit and your layby is not overdue we will not charge the $20 administration fee.
Laybys can only be created at a Kate Sylvester boutique. Layby is not available with online purchases.
Sale Stock
We do not layby sale items.
All conditions are in accordance with the Layby Sale Act 1971.
Sale
All sale purchases are eligible for an exchange or credit note within 7 working days of delivery. Sale items are not eligible for a refund unless faulty. In the case of receiving faulty sale items, please return to us and we will endeavour to resolve the situation as soon as possible.
If you have any inquiries please contact us at customercare@katesylvester.com
International Purchases
If you’re a customer whose credit card is not denominated in New Zealand dollars, the final price will be calculated in accordance with the applicable exchange rate on the day your card issuer processes the transaction.
When converting to another currency, or when an item is charged to a credit card, a price variation may occur due to fluctuating exchange rates and credit card company charges.
Once an order is sent, Kate Sylvester take’s no responsibility for charges, taxes or duties incurred at the receiver’s end as this can vary depending on the rules of customs in each country.
All prices displayed on the Kate Sylvester website are at discretion. Pricing may change without notice and differ between national and international markets.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. Please note that all personal details provided will remain with Kate Sylvester and will not under any circumstances be distributed to third parties. Your details will be kept on a private database for internal use only.
All email communications you receive from us have the option for you to unsubscribe on the spot, meaning you will no longer receive communications from us unless it is regarding a transaction or security issue. You are able to contact us at customercare@katesylvester.com if you have any further concerns or issues.
We do not sell or trade your personal information to others. However, we do use other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf, such as delivering packages, sending mail or emails and processing payments. They will have access to your personal information in order to perform these services but are not authorised to use your information for any other purpose. You can view the personal information we collect by logging into your online account. We may provide the information collected about you if, in cases of fraud or other criminal activities we are required to do so by legal authorities.
Cookies
Kate Sylvester uses temporary and permanent cookies to help provide the best experience for our customers. You are able to accept or refuse the use of these cookies, but by doing so may restrict your ability to use the site.
Copyright
Unless stated otherwise, images, photographs and text on this website are the intellectual property of Kate Sylvester. You are not permitted to copy or use any of the information represented on the website without prior consent. Any efforts to prejudice the rights of Kate Sylvester may result in legal action.
By accessing the site you agree that your access is subject to the terms and conditions of the website as well as applicable laws and that you will be solely responsible for your use of this site and all your activity on it. Kate Sylvester reserves the right to deny access to the site at any time without notice and at our sole discretion. Harassment in any form on the site, including by email is not acceptable.
Join Our Newsletter
Sign up to our newsletter to hear about Kate Sylvester exclusive updates, events & special offers.
Support
Help
Size guide
Shipping
Returns
Terms & conditions
Information
Social responsibility
Environment
Stores
Careers
Contact
Facebook
Instagram
Vimeo
Pinterest
YouTube
© 2020 Kate Sylvester. All rights reserved.Handcrafted by Pocket Square.
Hello! Do you want to hear about KS events, exclusive updates & special offers?
First name
Last name
Email address
To give you a better browsing experience this website uses cookies, including those of third-parties. By continuing to browse you consent to our use of these cookies.
Learn More
OK
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.
Chat with us,
powered by LiveChat