http://www.quantumfishing.com/privacy-policy
Find a Retailer
Email Signup
Log In
My Cart
Checkout
Sign up to catch great deals on Zebco Brands, pro fishing tips and more. Plus, get free shipping on your first order of $50 or more!
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Last updated on January 1, 2020
W.C. Bradley/Zebco Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Zebco”, “we” or “us”) respect your privacy. This Privacy Notice explains how we collect, use, and share information about you when you use or access our website, our branded pages on social media services, or any of the other sites, services, features, content, applications and products we offer in the United States and Canada. It also describes your privacy rights and choices.
If you are outside of the United States and Canada, a location-specific privacy may apply to you instead, so please check the applicable country-specific website. By using our website, you acknowledge and agree that any information you provide to us is being provided to us in the United States and will be hosted on United States servers.
We are constantly trying to improve, and we may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time in connection with any such improvements, to reflect changes in the law, our practices or for other reasons and update the date of this Privacy Notice. If you use the website after any changes to the Privacy Notice have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes.
Collection of Information
The information, including personal information, that we collect from or about you may include:
Information Provided by You
We collect information that you provide voluntarily, for example when placing an online order through our website, registering a product, contacting us with a question or comment, and participating in marketing activities (e.g., surveys, promotions, events or signing up to receive emails about our company and products). Examples of information we collect about you may include your name, address, phone number, email address, characteristics such as your age and gender, and if you are purchasing products, payment method information such as a credit card number and expiration date.
Information Collected Automatically
Like many companies, when you visit us online, we may collect certain information automatically from your device. Some of this information may be collected through the use of various technologies, including cookies. In addition to cookies, we may use other technologies such as web beacons or pixel tags, which can be embedded in websites, videos, or emails. Examples of information collected by these various technologies may include IP address, browser type and version, operating system and platform, device type, unique device or user identification number, and geographic location. We may also collect information about how you have interacted with our website, including the pages accessed, links clicked, products and/or content you searched for, date, time and length of visits, and page interactions.
Information from Connected Products
Connected products that we manufacture may collect information about your use of the products. Examples of information collected may include when they are used and for how long and any application errors.
Information Provided by Third Party
If you choose to provide information to a third party through which you may access or interact with our website. Third parties may include service providers, social networks connected to our website, and advertising partners. Examples of information collected may include identifiers including your user ID and user name associated with that third party, as well as any information you make public using that third party. We may also collect information you have authorized the third party to share with us (such as your user ID, billing information, public profile information, email address, birthday, pages you have “liked” and other account and profile data).
Use of Information
We use the information we collect from or about you to provide and improve the services, products, and experiences you receive from us, such as:
creating and maintaining accounts;
processing, fulfilling, and following up on orders;
contacting and communicating with you, including for promotions, updates, and notifications;
administering surveys, sweepstakes, contests, and other promotional activities or events;
registering products;
customizing the advertising you view and evaluating how well the advertising performs;
customizing recommendations;
operating and optimizing our business and products, such as by conducting analytics and research;
compiling aggregate data for internal and external business purposes;
detecting security incidents, preventing potentially fraudulent, illegal or harmful activities and otherwise enforcing our Terms of Use and other policies;
permitting the functionality of posting product reviews and questions and answers about products;
protecting your and our rights and complying with legal obligations;
other uses in accordance with our Terms of Use; and
any other purpose that is disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or that is related to a request made by you.
Sharing Information
We may share information collected from or about you with others, including service providers, advertisers, and other companies that are not affiliated with us, for the purposes described below.
Service Providers
Zebco may share information collected from or about you with companies that provide services to us, including shipping and logistics companies, name and address verification providers, ad networks, security and fraud prevention providers, hosting and other technology and communications providers, analytics providers, market research providers, marketing service providers, email distribution companies, customer relationship management service providers and staff augmentation and contract personnel. The categories of information that we share with service providers will vary depending on the types of services they provide. For example, we share payment information with our third party payment processor to assist us in our billing efforts, email addresses with our marketing service providers to assist with our email campaigns, and IP address, hashed emails, and advertising identifiers with service providers to assist in our advertising and marketing efforts.
Parent Corporation and Affiliate Companies
Zebco is a subsidiary entity. We may share your information with our parent company or affiliate business units to facilitate business requirements. The categories of information that we share with service providers will vary depending on the requirement being satisfied. For example, we share order and customer information as needed for data processing and storage, making decisions about business strategy, auditing and IT purposes.
Business Transfers
Zebco reserves the right to transfer all of your information if we sell all or part of our business, make a transfer of assets, or otherwise might be involved in a change of control transaction, or in the event of bankruptcy, we may transfer information from or about you to one or more third parties as part of the transaction, including the due diligence process.
Third Parties When Required By Law or When Necessary to Protect Your or Our Rights
In some instances, Zebco, we may disclose information from or about you without providing you a choice. For example, we may disclose your information in the following ways: to protect our legal rights, including those of our affiliates or partners; to protect the safety and security of our customers and consumers or third parties; to enforce our Terms of Use; to protect against fraud; and to comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity, whether or not legally required.
Parties with Your Consent or When You Otherwise Choose to Share
We may also share information from or about you with any party when we have your consent or when you otherwise choose to share such information.
Third Party Links
We provide links to other websites which are not operated and controlled by us. We have no control over and are not responsible for the content of those sites or how the third parties responsible for them collect and use your personal data. We do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites.
Third party websites usually have their own privacy policies explaining how they use and share your personal data. You should carefully review those privacy policies before you use these websites to make sure that you are happy with how your personal data is being collected and shared.
Security
The security of your information is important to us. We use a variety of physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, and modification. For example, we take steps to limit access to sensitive information from or about you to those Zebco employees, agents, and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to access such information.
Unfortunately, no measures can be guaranteed to provide 100% security, and there is always a possibility that a breach may occur. We cannot make any promises.
Children
Zebco does not sell products for purchase by children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian.
Questions, Comments and Feedback
If you have any questions, comments or feedback about this Privacy Notice, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Privacy Team P.O. Box 140 Columbus, GA 31902
DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, please click here for further disclosures.
Sign Up
Newsletter
Sign up to catch great deals on Quantum, pro fishing tips and more.
Read our Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Help
Support
FAQs
Contact Us
Tips & Maintenance
Troubleshooting
Find a Service Center
Find a Retailer
IP/Patents
Orders
Track Order
Product Registration
Shipping Policy
Returns & Exchanges
Warranty Information
About
About Quantum
About Quantum
Submit an Idea
Quantum News
Careers
Donations
Contact Us
1.800.588.9030
SEND AN EMAIL > Connect With Us:
Quantum Facebook
Quantum Twitter
Quantum YouTube
Quantum Instagram
Sign Up
Sign up to catch great deals on Quantum, pro fishing tips and more.
Read our Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Proud Partners With:
Take me fishing
En Español
Keep America fishing
Other Zebco Brands
Zebco
Quantum
Badlands
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
CA Supply Chain Act
Accessibility
CCPA
Sitemap
© 2020 W.C. Bradley/Zebco Holdings, Inc.