http://www.jacksons-fencing.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy-and-data-protection
Privacy Policy & Data Protection
H S Jackson & Son (Fencing) Ltd ("we", "us", "our") is committed to protecting the privacy and security of personal data and being transparent in how we process data.
This document aims to give you an overview on how we deal and process personal data (i.e. information which directly or indirectly identifies you).
This is not our full Data Protection Policy, if you require our full Data Protection Policy and an explanation of the legal bases we rely on,
please contact us.
Collecting your personal data
We may collect certain personal data with respect to you.
We only collect personal data to either allow us to service you as a customer or service our customers or
provide a service.
When do we collect personal data?
When you visit any of our websites, and use your account to buy or request a quote for products and services on the phone, in our Jakstore or online including email.
When you make an online purchase and check out as a guest.
When you complete a website form.
When you subscribe to a Newsletter or a company report
When you create an account with us.
When you download or install one of our apps.
When you enter prize draws or competitions.
When you review our products and services on our website.
When sending us a guarantee registration form if you used an Approved Installer.
When sending us feedback regarding a product/service when you used an Approved Installer or an independent installer.
When you use our Jakstore, we have CCTV systems in operation for the security of both our customers and staff. These systems may record your image during your visit but will not associate your image to our records in anyway.
What data do we collect?
If you have a Jacksons website account with us or have ordered or requested a quote over the phone or in our Jakstores, we may store:
Your name, billing and delivery address
Orders details and previous orders
Email address
Telephone numbers
Fax Number
Company Name, VAT Number and Job Title.
Details of how you heard about Jacksons.
(Example: Search engines, websites etc)
For your security, we also keep an encrypted record of your login password on our secure servers.
If you have signed up to a newsletter or marketing communication, used our App or left a review and have not ordered or requested a quote directly through us, we store your email address and potentially your name and job title/job sector.
If you have sent us feedback regarding a product/service when you used an Approved Installer or an independent installer, we will record your name, address, order details, email address and telephone numbers.
What will we use your personal data for?
The provision of products and/or services requested by you.
If we don’t collect your personal data over the phone, during checkout or in our Jakstore, we will not be able to process your order or give you a quote.
To send you marketing updates and information, as requested.
To respond to your queries, refund requests and complaints. Handling the information you have sent or given allows us to respond. We may also keep a record of this detail allowing us to inform you of any future changes we have made due to the request with us and also allow us to demonstrate how we dealt with your enquiry. We do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you, our legal obligations and our legitimate interests in providing you with the best service we possibly can, as well as understanding how we can improve our products and services in the future, based on your experience.
How long will we keep your data for?
Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we’ll only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
Please note:
If your order included a 25 year guarantee, the associated personal data will be kept until the end of this guarantee period.
At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted completely or personal data removed so that it is non-identifiable but allowing us to continue to monitor for statistical analysis and business/product planning.
Who do we share your data with?
We sometimes share your personal data with trusted third parties that allow us to provide you with a service or product.
(Example Approved Installers who will visit site and install products).
We have strict rules in place and make sure:
We provide only the information needed to perform the services required by the customer and that your privacy is respected.
They can only use your data for the exact purposes we specify.
This is documented in our contract with them.If we stop using their services, any data we sent them will be deleted.
Any information about you that we pass to a third party will be held securely by that party
Your rights
Under the applicable EU data privacy law, you have a right to:
Request access to and rectification or ensure the erasure of your personal data.
If you do request this, it will have an impact on your 25 year guarantee, as we will no longer have the records required.
Please contact our Data Protection Office using our standard contact methods detailed on this website or by post at the bottom of this page.
You are free to opt out of hearing from us at any time.
Details will be found clearly on the communication that you would like to opt out of.
Any questions or contacting the regulator
We hope this page has been helpful in explaining the way we handle data.
If you have any questions that haven’t been covered or if you require our full Data Protection Policy please contact us., please contact our Data Protection Officer using our standard contact methods detailed on this website.
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our requests, you have the right to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office via www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
Changes to this Document and our Data Protection policy
We may revise and/or supplement our Data Protection Policy and this notice from time to time to reflect (including but not limited to), any changes in our business, markets and/or the introduction of any new technology or products.
H.S Jackson & Son (Fencing) Ltd
Stowting Common
Ashford
Kent
TN25 6BN
Data Protection Register entry number: Z5585557
Also view our use of Cookies policy
Top
Added to your basket
Quantity: 0