http://www.outdoordesign.com.au/termsandconditions
NEWS
|
EVENTS
|
INTERVIEWS
|
EXEMPLARY PROJECTS
|
JOBS
|
FREE DIGITIAL RESOURCES
Universal Magazines Website Terms of Service
Corporate DetailsThese Terms of Service and Privacy Policy apply to all websites owned and operated by Universal Magazines Pty Ltd, plus other companies in the group including Universal WellBeing Pty Ltd, Australian Publishing Pty Ltd, and Universal Online Media Pty Ltd.Universal Magazines Pty LtdACN 003 026 944ABN 55 003 026 944Unit 5, 6-8 Byfield StNorth Ryde NSW 2113Copyright & Legal NoticeWelcome! Please review this legal notice to inform yourself of the terms and conditions which apply. By accessing, using or downloading material from this Web site you agree to follow and be bound by these terms and conditions which constitute a legal contract. If you do not agree with them, do not use this Web site. The terms and conditions in this legal notice may change without notice, so do check them from time to time.This Legal Notice applies to Universal Magazines Pty Ltd A.C.N. 003 026 944, its subsidiaries, and any other Web site containing the Universal Magazines name (collectively "Universal Magazines").Intellectual PropertyThe contents of this Web site are for personal, non-commercial use. All rights not expressly granted at this Web site are reserved. This Web site and its contents are protected by law including copyright in its layout, text, images, photographs, illustrations, audio clips, video clips and HTML codes. No part of this Web site or its contents may be used, copied, modified or transmitted, except for personal, non-commercial use. For written permission contact Universal Magazines, on 02 9805 0399, or the relevant copyright holder or owner.Refund & Returns PolicyIf you pre-purchase magazines by subscription or mail order from our websites, and for some reason are unhappy with the products or do not receive the correct products we are happy to exchange or refund at any time.If for some reason the subscription or mail order items ordered are not available you shall be refunded.If you pre-purchase advertising from our websites, and for some reason are not happy with the service provided, refund is not available.Delivery InstructionsIf you pre-purchase magazines by subscription delivery shall be made within 7 days of publication according to the publishing scheduleIf you pre-purchase mail order products from our websites, delivery shall be made within 60 days of receipt of order.If you pre-purchase advertising form one of our websites, the ad shall be made live within 30 days of receipt of material. Links PolicyYou are welcome to create links to our Web site from your Web site. If you are using frames, please ensure that your links to our Web site do not, when activated, continue to display your frames around our Web Pages.Disclaimers and LiabilityAll care and diligence is taken to ensure that accuracy and currency of information. However, Universal Magazines, its officers, employees and contractors make no representation and accept no responsibility for any error, omission, inaccuracy, misleading information or anything done or not done if you access, use, download, or act in reliance on any representation, information or data contained, linked or distributed through this Web site. This Web site and its content is therefore provided "as is", and to the full extent permitted by the law, without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for purpose or otherwise. Further, Universal Magazines accepts no liability for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special or punitive damage (including any loss of profit, revenue or data) whatsoever and howsoever caused, arising from access, use, downloading, or reliance by your or any third party on or of any representation, information, product or service provided on or via this Web site, whether in an action of contract, tort (including negligence), property, trust, unjust enrichment or statutory law.You should not rely on the content of this Web site without, where appropriate, first obtaining advice from relevant consultants and professionals.Opinions expressed at this Web site do necessarily reflect those of Universal Magazines.Third Party Products/ServicesNo endorsement of any third party or its products, services, or Web sites is intended by any content, links or third party advertisements (including banner ads containing embedded hyperlinks) on or to this Web site. Links are provided only as a convenience. Some third party advertisements contain representations or offers by the third party advertiser which you can accept by linking to the advertiser's Web site and executing the relevant transaction. Such offers are not made by Universal Magazines, and it is not responsible to you for the delivery of goods or services you buy on the third party Web site.SeverabilityIf a provision, or part of it, of these terms and conditions is held invalid, unenforceable or illegal by a judicial authority for any reason, then that provision or part must be read down if possible but if that cannot be done then it must be severed and the balance of these terms and conditions will otherwise remain in full force.Governing LawThis legal notice is governed by the laws of the State of New South Wales and the Commonwealth of Australia as applicable. If a dispute arises it must be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales and the Commonwealth of Australia. Copyright 1999 Universal Magazines Pty Ltd. All rights reservedSpecial Notice in Regards to Health Websites and Health Content on WebsitesHealth websites operated by Universal Magazines and health content on websites operated by Universal Magazines are intended as reference only, not as a medical manual. While the information is based on material provided by researchers, the websites do not presume to give medical advice. Be sure to consult your physician before beginning any therapeutic program.Universal Magazines Privacy PolicyWe respect your privacy! This policy is designed to ensure your personal information is protected.Any and all personal information collected at this Web site will be kept strictly private and confidential. We collect only customer information that is needed, and we tell customers how we use it. We use technological, legal and training means to provide the highest level of security and privacy for the personal information of our customers. A more detailed explanation about how we safeguard your personal information is outlined below. If you have questions don't hesitate to email us.Privacy of Email AddressesUniversal Magazines Pty Ltd A.C.N. 003 026 944 and its subsidiaries (collectively "Universal Magazines") provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the user. Universal Magazines requires users to affirmatively ask to join its mailing lists. Our list of subscribers is available to only authorised personnel.Account InformationPurchases made through any website operated by Universal Magazines are handled securely using an SSL certificate. Account information is kept electronically only until order is processed, and then account information is separated from product and address information. Account Information is only viewed by staff who need to know in order to process the transaction. Any account information transferred by email automatically deleted after 14 days.Resale or DisclosureWe will not sell, rent or disclose to other organizations personal information collected at this Web site, including subscription forms and email addresses. We are working with our business partners to seek compliance by them with this Privacy Policy.Collected Browser InformationUniversal Magazines analyses Web site logs to constantly improve its service. The logs are not personally identifiable. They record the pages visited and the time apparently spent browsing them. We use the log information to measure the number of users to different sections of our sites and this helps us make our sites more useful to our customers. They are a necessary part of visiting any Web site. We make no attempt to link them with individuals who browse our Web sites. Our sites contain links to sites owned by others, so please note that we may have no control over their privacy practices.CookiesCookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and many major Web sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you'd prefer you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a Web site if you do so.Subscriber CommunicationAs a publisher of print and electronic magazines, Web sites and other media Universal Magazines receives email and other communication from subscribers and others every day. We will reproduce communication in the relevant publication where it is clear to us that the sender intended publication. For example, this will apply to letters and emails to the editor. For any questions regarding our Privacy Policy and practices please contact:Universal MagazinesUnit 5, 6-8 Byfield StreetNorth Ryde NSW 2113Tel: (02) 9805 0399Fax: (02) 9805 0714Email: privacy@universalmagazines.com.auCopyright © 2000 Universal Magazines Pty Ltd All rights reserved.
×
Send Enquiry
Name
Email
Message
Submit