http://www.eurogentec.com/en/privacy-policy
Products
Oligos
PCR & qPCR
Gene Manufacturing & Analysis
Antibodies
Peptides
Proteins, Detection & Labeling
OLIGO GRADES
Research Oligos
Track™ Oligos (high traceability)
Pre-Diagnostic & Diagnostic Oligos
ASR Oligos
Pre-Clinical & Therapeutic Oligos
CUSTOM OLIGOS
Backbones
Modifications
Purifications
Additional QC
Custom Format & Packaging
PROBES
Double-Dye Probes
Molecular Beacons
MGB Probes
Access Dyes & Quenchers
Design Assistance
RNAi
Custom siRNA Duplexes
siRNA Controls
miRNA Mimics & Inhibitors
Design Assistance
SPECIALIZED OLIGOS
NGS Oligos
Peptide-oligonucleotide conjugates
Complex Oligos
Large Scale Oligos
Oligo Aptamers
in vivo Oligos
REAGENTS
Universal Primers
Dye-labeled Calibration Oligos
PNA FISH Probes
Glen Synthesis Reagents
GMP MANUFACTURING
Pre-Clinical & Therapeutic Oligos
view all products
Configure your Oligos
Create your primers, probes and siRNA
Get my oligos
ENDPOINT PCR
PCR Mixes
DNA Polymerases
GMP IVD Polymerases
Reverse Transcriptase
dNTP Mix & Set
QUANTITATIVE PCR KITS
qPCR Kits for Probe Assays
qPCR Kits for SYBR® Assays
Dried qPCR Kits for Probe Assays
QUANTITATIVE REVERSE TRANSCRIPTION PCR
One-Step Kits for Probe Assays
One-Step Kits for SYBR® Assays
One-Step Kit Converter
Two-Step Kits
Dried One-Step Kits for Probe Assays
CUSTOM MANUFACTURING
Tailored Amplification Reagents
Lab Developed Test Solutions
Kit Design & Manufacturing
Custom housekeeping controls
PLATES & TUBES STRIPS
96-well plates
384-well Plates
8-tube Strips
Caps & Seals
CONTROLS
Catalog Housekeeping Controls
Custom housekeeping controls
Internal Positive Controls
Sample Processing Controls
ADDITIVES
ROX Passive Reference
Fluorescein
Uracyl-N-Glycosylase (UNG)
UNG-dUTP blend for carry-over prevention
Blue Additive
IP FRIENDLY SOLUTIONS
Access Dyes & Quenchers
view all products
COVID-19 qPCR kits
Unique RT qPCR kit optimized for SARS-CoV-2 RNA detection
Learn more
EXTRACTION/PURIFICATION
gDNA Extraction Kit
Plasmid Purification Kit
PCR Purification Kit
Gel DNA fragment Purification Kit
ELECTROPHORESIS SYSTEM
Mupid® -One device
LED Illuminator for Mupid®
Thin LED Illuminator
AGAROSE
Agarose Powder
Small Fragment Agarose
Agatabs (Agarose Tablet)
GMP MANUFACTURING
GMP IVT RNA
GMP Plasmid DNA
TRANSFORMATION & TRANSFECTION
Electroporation Cuvettes
MOLECULAR WEIGHT LADDERS
Smart Ladders
BioMarker™
MapMarker®
CUSTOM MANUFACTURING
Custom Gene Synthesis
Custom MapMarker®
view all products
Custom Gene
Receive up to 8 kbp optimized sequences
Get my gene
CUSTOM ANTIBODIES
Polyclonal Programs
Murine Hybridoma Development
Monoclonals in vitro Production
Animal Facilities
How to provide my antigen?
ANTIBODIES ADDITIONAL SERVICES
Pre-Immune selection of the host
Purifications
Labeling
ELISA testing
Fragmentation
Epitope Mapping
Antigen Design & Production
REAGENTS
Primary Antibodies
Secondary Antibodies
Protein A Conjugates
SOLUTIONS FOR THE INDUSTRY
Large scale Antibody Projects
GMP Antibody Fragments
GLP Studies
SPECIALIZED PROGRAMS
Camelid immunization & VHH production
VHH Ab Fragment
Chicken Immunization
Antibodies against Post Translational Modifications
view all products
Custom polyclonal antibody
Fast immunization programs against SARS-CoV-2 peptides
Learn more
CUSTOM PEPTIDE SYNTHESIS
Custom Peptides
Quantified Peptides (Quant)
Heavy isotope-labeled Peptides
Fluorescent Labeled peptides
FRET Peptides
TR-FRET Peptides
Cyclic Peptides
Disulfide-Bridged Peptides
Stapled Peptides
Phosphorylated Peptides
Lipopeptides
Glycosylated and Glycated Peptides
Peptide-Oligonucleotide Conjugates
Peptide Libraries
CATALOG PEPTIDES
Neurosciences
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Cancer & Apoptosis
Adhesion & Extracellular Matrix
Host Defense
Epigenetics
Hormones
Cell Signaling
Peptide & Protein Analysis
Cell Permeable and Penetrating Peptides
LABELING REAGENTS
Fluorescent Dyes
Quenchers
Biotin & Streptavidin derivatives
CRM MANUFACTURING
CRM peptides
view all products
SARS-CoV-2 derived peptides
Range of peptides and peptides libraries to study SARS-CoV-2
Learn more
CUSTOM RECOMBINANT PROTEINS
RUO Grade Custom Production
GMP Recombinant Proteins
CATALOG RECOMBINANT PROTEINS
Neuroscience
Cardiovascular
Adhesion
Epigenetics
Viral Proteases & Sortase
Cell-free Protein Production
PROTEIN ANALYSIS
iD PAGE Gels
iD Molecular Weight Markers
iD BlueLadder Revealer
iD Western Blotting Kit
GMP MANUFACTURING
GMP Recombinant Proteins
GMP Protein Conjugates
ASSAY KITS
Neuroscience
Cardiovascular Research
Cancer & Apoptosis
Adhesion & Extracellular Matrix
Epigenetics
Cell Biology
& Protein Analysis
Host Defense
Diabetes
Cell Viability & Cytotoxicity
ELISA Kits
Enzyme Activity by Target
LABELING REAGENTS
Protein Labeling Kits
Biotin & Streptavidin derivatives
Protein A Conjugates
Fluorescent labeling Dyes
Quenchers
Enzyme Substrates
Fluorescent Proteins
Neurological & Physiological Indicators
Nucleic Acid Detection
Calibration Standards
view all products
SARS-CoV-2 proteins
Discover our products related to SARS-CoV-2 proteins
Learn more
GMP Services
Services
Experience
Quality
GMP BIOMANUFACTURING
Services Overview
GMP Plasmid DNA
GMP Recombinant Proteins
GMP Antibody Fragments
GMP Protein Conjugates
GMP CHEMICAL SYNTHESIS
GMP Therapeutic Oligonucleotides
GMP ENZYMATIC SYNTHESIS
GMP IVT RNA Synthesis
Request a quote
Discuss your project with our experts
Contact us
MANUFACTURING PLATFORMS
Fermentation
Production in E.coli
Production in P. pastoris
PROCESS TRANSFER & DEVELOPMENT
Cell line Development
Development of Purification Methods
Experience
More than 10.000 m² of production area
Learn more
QUALITY CONTROLS
QC for Biopharmaceuticals
QUALITY ASSURANCE
QA Overview
Quality System for Biopharmaceutical production
Quality
In compliance with relevant pharmacopoeia
Read more
view all products
Facilities
Discover our offer to the industry
Get my Facilities
Resources
FAQs
Download Center
Scientific Publications
Oligo Configurators
Oligo Batch Order
Tutorials
Toggle navigation
Support
0
Select your country
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Antigua And Barbuda
Anguilla
Albania
Armenia
Netherlands Antilles
Angola
Antarctica
Argentina
American Samoa
Austria
Australia
Aruba
Åland Islands
Azerbaijan
Bosnia And Herzegovina
Barbados
Bangladesh
Belgium
Burkina Faso
Bulgaria
Bahrain
Burundi
Benin
Saint-Barthélemy
Bermuda
Brunei Darussalam
Bolivia
Brazil
Bahamas
Bhutan
Bouvet Island
Botswana
Belarus
Belize
Canada
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The
Central African Republic
Congo
Switzerland
Cote D'Ivoire
Cook Islands
Chile
Cameroon
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Cuba
Cape Verde
Christmas Island
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Germany
Djibouti
Denmark
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Algeria
Ecuador
Estonia
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Spain
Ethiopia
Finland
Fiji
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Micronesia, Federated States Of
Faroe Islands
France
Gabon
United Kingdom
Grenada
Georgia
French Guiana
Guernsey
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greenland
Gambia
Guinea
Guadeloupe
Equatorial Guinea
Greece
South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands
Guatemala
Guam
Guinea-bissau
Guyana
Hong Kong
Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands
Honduras
Croatia
Haiti
Hungary
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Isle Of Man
India
British Indian Ocean Territory
Iraq
Iran, Islamic Republic Of
Iceland
Italy
Jersey
Jamaica
Jordan
Japan
Kenya
Kyrgyzstan
Cambodia
Kiribati
Comoros
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Korea, Democratic People'S Republic Of
Korea, Republic Of
Kuwait
Cayman Islands
Kazakhstan
Lao People'S Democratic Republic
Lebanon
Saint Lucia
Liechtenstein
Sri Lanka
Liberia
Lesotho
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Latvia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Morocco
Monaco
Moldova, Republic Of
Montenegro
Saint-Martin
Madagascar
Marshall Islands
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of
Mali
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macao
Northern Mariana Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Montserrat
Malta
Mauritius
Maldives
Malawi
Mexico
Malaysia
Mozambique
Namibia
New Caledonia
Niger
Norfolk Island
Nigeria
Nicaragua
Netherlands
Norway
Nepal
Nauru
Niue
New Zealand
Oman
Panama
Peru
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Pakistan
Poland
Saint Pierre And Miquelon
Pitcairn
Puerto Rico
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Portugal
Palau
Paraguay
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Serbia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saudi Arabia
Solomon Islands
Seychelles
Sudan
Sweden
Singapore
Saint Helena
Slovenia
Svalbard And Jan Mayen
Slovakia
Sierra Leone
San Marino
Senegal
Somalia
Suriname
Sao Tome And Principe
El Salvador
Syrian Arab Republic
Swaziland
Turks And Caicos Islands
Chad
French Southern Territories
Togo
Thailand
Tajikistan
Tokelau
Timor-leste
Turkmenistan
Tunisia
Tonga
Turkey
Trinidad And Tobago
Tuvalu
Taiwan, Province Of China
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Ukraine
Uganda
United States Minor Outlying Islands
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Venezuela
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Viet Nam
Vanuatu
Wallis And Futuna
Samoa
Yemen
Mayotte
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
EUR
EUR
USD
GBP
CHF
About us
Company
History
Mission, Vision
Management
Facilities
Quality
Distributors
Legal
News/Events
Jobs
Working at Eurogentec
Our jobs
Our Values
Contact us
Find your catalog product...
Legal
Privacy Policy
Version July 2019
Content
1. Why is this privacy notice useful?
2. Who are we?
3. How do we obtain your data?
4. What information do we collect?
5. What do we do with your personal data for?
6. How long do we keep your personal data?
7. Why is it lawful that we use your personal data?
8. How do we inform you?
9. Do we share your personal data with others?
10. How do we secure your personal data?
11. How can you exercise your rights?
12. How do we use cookies?
13. Updates to this privacy policy
1. Why is this privacy notice useful?
At Kaneka Eurogentec, we are dedicated to protect the confidentiality and privacy of the information you entrusted to us. As part of our commitment to privacy, we only use your Personal data in order to respond to your requests and to provide you with information about our products, services or employment opportunities. This privacy notice is there to ensure that i) you have control on your Personal data and ii) you can easily consult information – in an understandable and transparent way – about how we use your Personal data. You can access this privacy notice at any moment in the section ‘Privacy’ of our website at the following address: https://www.eurogentec.com/en/privacy-policy We invite you to read it carefully and to contact us if you need more information.
2. Who are we?
We, Kaneka Eurogentec, Liège science park, rue Bois Saint-Jean, n° 5, B-4102, Seraing, Belgium, +32 4 372 74 00 or privacy@eurogentec.com, are the data controller. This means that we are responsible of your Personal data and that we decide – in the limit of the law – how to use and protect your data.
3. How do we obtain your data?
In order to provide you with the products and services that you requested we need to use certain Personal data about you. We obtain this information in different ways:
Personal data such as your name, email address, home address, phone number, payments details, CVs, etc. are directly provided by you via our web forms, business cards or email. This information are generally collected in the context of a product you have purchased, or a request that you have submitted to us (e.g. via the customer service) or when you subscribe to our newsletter. You may contact us to ask questions, discuss your concerns, or report issues regarding our products. If you communicate with or request information from us, you may provide your contact information as well as other Personal data that is relevant to your request;
Information that we generate when you register on our website such as registration user ID and password;
Personal data that we might receive from third parties.
4. What information do we collect?
Personal data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable, living individual. We collect the information that you provide to us such as:
Contact information. For instance, your name, email address, mailing address, or phone number, information available on the business card you gave to us or in the signature of an email you sent to us;
Registration information such as your username and password;
Employment, education and other professional information that you provide to us in the context of job opportunities with us;
Payment information (such as banking information, payment card number, expiration date, delivery address, and billing address) Content you may provide (for example, when you complete our Online Contact Form or submit other information).
5. What do we do with your personal data?
We use your data for the following activities:
Recruitment: We use your personal data in order to make sure we hire the most passionate and talented people;
Sales: If you choose to purchase a product or receive our services, we use the information that you provide to manage your orders. In the context of our sale activities, we offer customer care and we might ask you to provide us with your feedback by filling in satisfaction surveys to improve our products and services.
Marketing: To keep you informed about our products, services and events we conduct marketing activities. For example, we invite you to the annual fair that we organize each year. In addition, we send out newsletters if you have asked for it.
Accounting & administration of customers and suppliers from the start of a potential relationship, over the execution and closing of the contract with our business partner.
Legal claims: If we have an ongoing legal claim with you, we might use your personal data in order to respond to the claim and defend ourselves during a trial.
6. How long do we keep your personal data?
Unless indicated otherwise at the time of the collection of your Personal data, we erase your Personal data as of the moment this information is no longer necessary to:
Fulfil the purposes for which they were collected/used. For example, if you send us a resume to apply for a position at our company, we will use the information provided to match you with available opportunities; or
Comply with legal obligations imposing specific retention requirement (e.g. for tax, audit, etc.).
7. Why is it lawful that we use your personal data?
At Kaneka Eurogentec we use your data in a lawful way, in conformity with what is requested by the existing local and European legislations. Below you will find the legal basis for each activity that we perform with your data. This is the reason why the use we make of your Personal data is lawful.
Recruitment We have a legitimate interest in using your personal data in order to identify the best candidates for open positions at our company. We ask for the consent of job applicants in order to keep their CVs for longer than the recruitment process with a view to consider them for future opportunities.
Sales activities We use your personal data in order to perform the contract/agreement that we have with you as of the moment you sign a contract or accept our Terms & Conditions.
After-sales We have a legitimate interest in using your personal data in order to provide you with customer care/assistance whenever needed.
Improving our services & products Based on legitimate interest we ask you to give us feedback on our products and services by filling in satisfaction surveys. This feedback is used to improve our offerings and direct our research toward the most sensitive areas as indicated by our customers in the surveys.
Events & Gifts We have a legitimate interest in maintaining good relationship with our customers. This is why once a year we may invite you (if you are our customer) to an event. If you no longer wish to receive such invitation you always have the possibility to opt-out by replying directly to the invitation or by sending an email to marketingeu@eurogentec.com.
Newsletters We send you information about our new services, activities and offers only if you have given your consent. We send this communications via email and post mail. Remember that at any time you can unsubscribe from this service.
Administration & legal claims Accounting and administration of customers and suppliers as well as the management of legal claims are conducted based on legitimate interest.
8. How do we inform you?
When we will process your Personal data, we will provide you all relevant information about how your data is going to be processed, the identity and contact details of the controller and of the Privacy Responsible, the purposes of the processing, the legal basis for the processing, the period for which the Personal data will be stored and how to exercise your rights. We will provide such information, to the extent possible, contextually to the collection of Personal data.
9. Do we share your personal data with others?
To provide services and products you requested, to communicate with you, secure your information and to follow up on your job applications, we might need to share your Personal data with third parties. Access to your Personal data is restricted to persons who really need to use such data in pursuance of their duties. We do not sell, trade, or rent Personal data to others. For recruitment, we might share data within the Kaneka Group, which includes partners, corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business units and other companies that share common ownership. At times we collaborate with recruitment agencies to fulfill this purpose. To provide you with products and services, we might share data with distributors and transporters. Similarly, to send you satisfaction surveys or email communications we might send personal data to survey and newsletter providers. Finally, where legally required to do so, we share the data with Data Protection Authorities, law enforcement and public authorities.
Please note that it is possible that vendors are located outside of the EEA. For example when you request us to deliver a product in a country outside of the EEA, your Personal data will be shared with a vendor in that country (e.g. for shipment). All time, we make sure that these third parties provide an adequate level of protection of your information.
10. How do we secure your personal data?
We have technological and operational security in place to protect your Personal data from loss, misuse, alteration or unintentional destruction. Our personnel that deal with Personal data have received proper training and have the necessary experience to ensure your data is protected all time.
11. How can you exercise your rights?
You have a set of rights you can exercise in order to keep control over your Personal data at any moment. You can exercise these rights free of charge (unless your requests is excessive or unfounded) by sending an email to privacy@eurogentec.com. In order to execute your requests about these rights, we will need to make sure you are whom you claim to be, as such we invite you to send us a copy of your ID. Your ‘privacy’ rights are the following:
Access: you can ask us whether we have data about you and, if this is the case, you can request access to your Personal data. In addition, we will provide you with information about the purpose of keeping your Personal data, if we share it with third parties, who they are and how long we will keep your information;
Restriction: you can restrict the extent/duration of the activity we do with your personal data if you think that your Personal data is not accurate, the processing is unlawful or the lawful basis that we chose override your privacy rights;
Rectification: if you believe that your Personal data is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, you have the right to have it rectified or completed;
Objection: you may object at any time to the processing of your Personal data if you believe we don’t have the right to use your data;
Erasure: you can ask us to erase your Personal data if this data is no longer needed for the fulfilment of our purpose (e.g. deliver a product that you bought, etc.);
Data portability: you can ask for your Personal data to be returned or transmitted to another organization;
Right to complaint: if you believe that your privacy rights have been infringed, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority at the below address:
Belgian Data Protection Authority Rue de la Presse 35 1000 Brussels +32 (0)2 274 48 00 contact@apd-gba.be
Data Protection Authority of Hessen Gustav-Stresemann-Ring 1 65189 Wiesbaden +49 (0)6 11 14 080 poststelle@datenschutz.hessen.de
12. How do we use cookies?
The realization of this site requires the setting up of "cookies". A cookie does not allow us to identify you. On the other hand, it records information about the navigation of your computer on our site (the pages you have consulted, the date and time of the consultation, etc.) in order to better understand our visitors and their use of our website. Cookies help us to modify our site according to your needs. This type of information will not be used for unsolicited communications. Kaneka Eurogentec uses the following cookies:
Functional cookies Functional cookies are cookies designed to facilitate the operation of our websites, make them more enjoyable for the visitor and give you a more personalized navigation experience. These include for example cookies that retain your preferences.
Performance Cookies This website also uses Google Analytics. We use performance cookies to collect information about the use of our website by visitors, with the aim of improving the content, better adapting them to the wishes of the visitors and increasing them friendliness. For example, there is a cookie that counts the number of unique visitors and another that analyzes which pages are the most popular.
Third-party / Marketing cookies The website also contains third-party content, such as social media buttons, or advertisements. You will receive messages whenever a cookie is installed. You can also refuse the installation of cookies via your browser settings and remove cookies already installed on your device at any time. Please keep in mind, that essential cookies cannot be disabled without reducing the functionality of the site. Non-essential cookies can be disabled but might lower the user experience. Please refer to the help function of your browser.
13. Updates to this privacy policy
Kaneka Eurogentec might update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do so, we will post a notification on the main page of our website and revise the version date on this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page and to stay informed about how we are managing the Personal data we process based on our commitment to privacy.
We use cookies to offer you the best experience on our site. You can find out more about the cookies we use or disable them in the
Cookie settings
Allow