http://www.wini.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for wini.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
Personally identifiable information collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
Choices available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How to correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please to not access the site.
Information Collection, Use and Sharing  WIN Home Inspection is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to information you voluntarily give us by email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you by email in the future regarding informational items or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access To and Control Over Information  You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us by email or phone as listed on our website:
Review data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Request a deletion of any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security  WIN Home Inspection always take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information through the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
All website interactions are encrypted and transmitted securely. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the webpage.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. The computers/servers where personally identifiable information is stored are kept in a secure environment.
Inspection Requests  When requesting to schedule an inspection, WIN requests information from you through an order form. There you must provide contact information (like name and home address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your request. If we have trouble processing a request, this information is used to contact you.
Cookies  Additionally, “cookies” are used on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help improve their access to our site and also identify repeat visitors. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information.
Links  This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys Our site provides the ability to give feedback regarding your inspection through a survey. Participation in the survey is completely voluntary. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address) and inspection details (such as who performed the service). Survey information is used for purposes of monitoring customer satisfaction.
If you feel we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact immediately by email.