http://www.ottobock.com/en/footer/data-privacy-statement/
Privacy notice
Since 1919 we are helping people to maintain or regain their freedom of movement. For us, digitizing care means that your freedom of movement should be preserved in the digital space. It is therefore important for us to inform you about which personal data is collected, how it is used and what design options you have.
Ottobock's success depends not only on the global networking of information flows between OBAs, employees, customers and patients, but also on the trusting and secure handling of personal data. This trust is part of the individual freedom and independence of our patients and at the same time our motivation for our high-quality and forward-looking portfolio.
Responsible
Ottobock SE & Co KGaAMax-Näder-Strasse 15, 37115 Duderstadt, Germany
Data Protection Officer
Global Data Privacy Officer: Björn HollandYou can reach the Global Data Privacy Office confidentially via contact form.
Use of our website
Secure provision of the website
In case you visit our website, the web server temporarily collects the following information to play the website and stores it in so-called server log files:
Processed categories of data:
Browser type and version,operating system used,Referrer URL,browser stringHostname of the accessing computer,Time of the server request andIP address.
Purposes:
Ottobock's interest lies in the secure and functional operation of the website. The logged data is used in particular for the purposes of data security, to defend against attempts to attack our web servers. We reserve the right to carry out statistical evaluation of anonymous data records.
Legal basis:
The processing of this data is based on Art. 6 para. 1 f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in ensuring data security and smooth operation.
Storage periods or criteria for determination:
The data will be deleted after 180 days at the latest.
Contact form or contact
Since not all requests can be served immediately and conclusively by the explanations on our website, we would like to give you the opportunity to address your concerns directly to the specialists at Ottobock. For this purpose we offer various contact channels on our website.
In case you contact us, we process the following categories of data, for example:
Contact information
First name, last name,Address (private, practice or business address, customer number),Email address andPhone
Topic-specific information
Medical field,Your relationship to Ottobock (e.g. interested party, user, medical supply store, etc.)
Content of your inquiry
Inquiry specific information
Mandatory data in contact forms, whichare absolutely necessary to answer your request, are marked with an asterisk *.
Purposes:
Ensuring that your inquiry is processed quickly in accordance with Ottobock's quality standards. This includes the recording, allocation and processing of the inquiry by the relevant company departments.
Legal basis:
The processing of the data is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR: We have a legitimate interest in processing this data for the purpose of processing your request .
If you use the contact form to signal an interest in purchasing our products and services, this is acontract-relevant inquiry based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
If you provide special categories of personal datain the context of your request, e.g health data, the processing is based on Art. 9 para. 2 lit. h GDPR (care or treatment in the health sector).
Storage periods or criteria for determination:
In case you send us a contact request, we will store this data for the duration of processing. Whether further storage is necessary depends on separate storage obligations with regard to your inquiry.
Newsletter
If you are interested in our company, product news, tips & tricks in dealing with our products and services , you can subscribe to our newsletter.
In order to send you the most suitable information in the newsletter you have ordered, we process the following categories of data, for example
Contact information
e-mail addressProfessional position (job title)/ company affiliation (company name)Postal address, or telephone contact
Topic-specific information
Selection of the newsletter you would like to subscribe to (e.g . Prosthetics, Orthotics and Human Mobility)Your relationship to Ottobock (interested party, user, medical supply store, etc.)Comment
Mandatory data in the order forms, which are absolutely necessary for the delivery of the newsletter, are marked with an asterisk *.
Purposes:
Ensuring the proper delivery of the newsletter. We use this data to check the validity of your e-mail address, to ensure that the newsletter is correctly tailored with the information that is appropriate for you and to prepare the dispatch.
Legal basis:
The data will be processed exclusively on the basis of your consent. The processing is therefore based on Art. 6 para. 1 a GDPR.
If health data are processed, the processing is based on Art. 9 para. 2 a GDPR (consent for special categories of personal data).
Withdrawl of your consent:
You have the possibility to withdraw your consent at any time .You can exercise your right to withdraw your consent by sending an informal e-mail to info@ottobock.com. Please note that this does not affect the permissible data processing that took place until the withdrawl.
Storage periods or criteria for determination:
The data you provide us with for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you cancel the newsletter and will be deleted after expiration of separate storage obligations.
Live Chat
If you use the chat functions on our pages, various information is transmitted to the customer service department when the chat is initialized.
In case you use the live chat offered on the website, we process the following data:
Connection information
Browser version,operating system,IP address,
Chat-specificinformation
Selection of the help topicInformation about the availability of the chat serviceAvailability of chat partners
Chat contents
Apart from the above-mentioned data, no further personal data is collected, unless you provide this information voluntarily during the chat.
Purposes:
Opportunity for direct exchange with our business partners and customers.
Legal basis:
The data will be processed exclusively on the basis of your consent. The processing is therefore based on Art. 6 para. 1 a GDPR.
If health data are processed, the processing is based on Art. 9 para. 2 a GDPR (consent for special categories of personal data).
Withdrawl of your consent:
You have the possibility to withdraw your consent at any time .You can exercise your right to revoke your consent by sending an informal e-mail to info@ottobock.com. Please note that this does not affect the permissible data processing that took place until the withdrawl.
Storage periods or criteria for determination:
We store the communication for the duration of processing or until your consent is revoked. Whether further storage is necessary depends on separate storage obligations with regard to our joint chat.
When and how we share information with third parties
Integration of Social Media Plugins
Our web pages contain buttons from social media networks with which you can inform other people about the digital presence and offers from Ottobock.
We have integrated the following social networks via a plug-in:
Facebook ("Like button").
Processed categories of data:
If you agree to the use of social media plug-ins, the following data will be processed:
IP address,Browser information,operating system,Call to previous website (referrer URL),Current URL,Screen resolution andInstalled browser plug-ins (e.g. Adobe Flash Player).
Purposes:
To provide a comprehensive Internet presence and logical linking of Internet sites.
Legal basis:
The activation of the plug-in or the link is based on Art. 6 par. 1 lit. a. GDPR.
Cookies and other Technologies
To ensure that our websites works safely and properly and to offer you relevant products and services, we use cookies and other technologies on our websites.
Hyperlinks to third party websites
On our websites we use hyperlinks to websites of third parties. Only by clicking on the hyperlink will you be directed to the website of the third party. The processing of your data on these websites is the responsibility of the third party.
Your rights
You have the right,
a) to request confirmation as to whether we are processing personal data concerning you. If this is the case, you have the right to access information about this processing (Art. 15 GDPR).
b) to demand the rectification or completion of inaccurate or incomplete data (Art. 16 GDPR);
c) to withdraw a given consent at any time with effect for the future (Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR);
d) in certain cases (Art. 17 GDPR) to request the erasure of data;
e) under certain conditions, to request the restriction of processing; (Art. 18 GDPR);
f) under certain conditions to data portability, i.e. you may receive your data, which you have provided us with, in a structured, common and machine-readable format or have it transferred to another controller (Art. 20 GDPR);
g) complain to a supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR).
Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you (Art. 6 I lit. f GDPR ). This also applies to profiling based on these provisions. We will then no longer process the personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
Where personal data are processed for the purpose of direct marketing, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purpose of such marketing, including profiling, insofar as it is linked to such direct marketing. If you object to processing for the purposes of direct marketing, your personal data will no longer be processed for those purposes.
To whom we share information
To processors, Companies that Ottobock commissions with the processing of data within the legally stipulated framework (Art. 28 GDPR - service provider). In this case Ottobock remains responsible for the protection of your data. Our processors are carefully selected, are bound by our instructions and are regularly checked by us. We only commission processors who offer sufficient guarantees that suitable technical and organisational measures are taken in such a way that processing is carried out in accordance with the requirements of GDPR and guarantees the protection of your rights.
To private entities that provide services for you on their own responsibility or in connection with an Ottobock contract. This is the case if you commission services from private agencies, if you agree to the integration or if we integrate private agencies due to legal permission. If, in the course of processing, we nevertheless disclose your data to third parties, transfer it to them or otherwise grant them access to the data, this will also be done exclusively on the basis of one of the legal bases mentioned.
To government agencies to which we transfer certain data due to legal obligations.
Transfer of personal data to countries outside the EU and EEA
We may transfer your data to entities whose registered office is locatedoutside the European Union or the European Economic Area. In doing so, we will ensure prior to the transfer that, except in exceptional cases permitted by law, either an adequate level of data protection exists at the recipient's end (e.g. through an adequacy decision by the European Commission, through appropriate safeguards such as the agreement of so-called EU standard contractual clauses of the European Commission with the recipient) or your express consent has been obtained. Information on suitable safeguards can be obtained from the Global Data Privacy Officer.
Existence of an automated decision making process
We refrain from automated decision making including profiling according to Art. 22 GDPR.
Data security
In order to protect the personal data that you transmit when using this website, we maintain physical, technical and administrative security measures (so-called technical and organizational measures in accordance with Art. 32 GDPR ).
Our security measures are updated according to the risks involved.
Changes to this privacy policy
We will revise this privacy notice whenever changes are made to this website or other matters that require it. You will always find the current version on this website.
State of declaration: 01. October 2020
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. Some of these cookies are essential to make our site work and continuously improve it. By using our site, you consent to the placing of cookies on your computer or device. Further information is provided in our
data privacy statement.
Agree