http://www.myojosingapore.com/privacy
Home
History
Media
Contact Us
Home
History
Media
Contact Us
Privacy
Personal Data Protection PolicyNissin Foods Singapore Pte Ltd ("Company") respects the privacy of all our customers and business contacts, and is committed to safeguarding the personal information you provide to us. Please read this Personal Data Protection Policy ("Policy") to learn more about the ways in which we collect, use and protect your personal information. Effective Date of Policy: 2 July 2014.1. Application of PolicyThis Policy is based on the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2012 ("PDPA") and all the associated regulations and guidelines as may from time to time be issued by the Personal Data Protection Commission ("PDPC") of Singapore. In jurisdictions outside of Singapore, the Company's practices may be subject to different or more restrictive local laws.By providing your personal data to the Company, you agree to the terms of this Policy. Please review this Policy carefully before providing us with any of your personal data.2. Collection on Personal DataPersonal DataFor the purpose of carrying on the Company's business, including registration and administration of the Company's related services, you may be requested to provide personal data such as, but not limited to, the following, without which it may not be possible to satisfy your request:Full Name;
Residential Address;
Payment details, including credit card and banking information;
Contact details, including telephone number or email address.
3. Use of Personal Data CollectedThe Company either currently uses or may in the future use your personal data for any purpose not prohibited by applicable law. This includes the following purposes:Full Name;
For processing any applications or requests for new services made by the customer;
For the daily operation of the services provided to customers;
For administrating or managing the relationship between the Company and the customer;
For conducting identity checks;
For revenue collection or debt recovery;
To complying with any law or the requirements of any regulatory authority;
To respond to customer enquires;
To obtain feedback from customers;
For fulfilling internal audit requirements to compile information for analysis and in reports to regulatory agencies;
To make disclosure to related organisations, agent, contractor or third party service provider who provides administrative, telecommunications, computer, payment, debt collection or clearing, data processing or other services to the Company in connection with the operation of its business;
Maintaining the safety and security of our premises with the use of security cameras.
We will not use, disclose or process your Personal Data for purposes which are not stated above or for which we have not obtained your consent. If we wish to use, disclose or process your Personal Data for another purpose we will seek your prior written consent.4. Disclosure of Personal DataAll personal data held by the Company will be kept confidential but the Company may, where such disclosure is necessary to satisfy the purpose, or a directly related purpose, for which the data was collected provide such information to the following parties:Full Name;
Any subsidiaries, holding companies, associated companies, or affiliates of, or companies controlled by, or under common control with the Company;
Any person or company who is acting for or on behalf of the Company, or jointly with the Company, in respect of the purpose or a directly related purpose for which the data was provided;
Any financial institutions, charge or credit card issuing companies, credit bureau, or collection agencies necessary to establish and support the payment of any services being requested.
5. Withdrawal of ConsentIf you do not wish us to use or disclose your Personal Data for any of the above purposes, you may withdraw your consent at any time by giving written notice to us pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Act 2012. However, depending on the circumstances and the nature or extent of your withdrawal, the withdrawal of your consent may result in us not being able to provide services to you.6. Access and Correction of Personal DataIf you wish to access, update or otherwise change or remove any information that you provide to us, please contact us at: dpo.sg@nissin.com7. Accuracy of Personal DataThe Company keeps personal data as accurate, complete and up-to-date as necessary, taking into account its use and the interests of our customers. Where possible, we will validate data provided using generally accepted practices and guidelines. This includes the requests to see original documentation before we may use the personal data such as with Personal Identifiers and/or proof of address.8. Protection of Personal DataThe Company protects personal data against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification with security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal data, regardless of the format in which it is held.We use various methods to safeguard personal data. They include:Full Name;
Physical measures: locked filing cabinets, restriction of access to offices, and alarm systems.
Technical measures: passwords and firewall settings, using generally industry best practices.
Administrative measures: confidentiality agreements, limiting access on a need-to-know basis, staff training and security clearances.
9. Retention of Personal DataThe Company will retain your personal data only for as long as the purposes for which such data is collected or used (as notified to you) continues, or where necessary for our legal or business purposes. Thereafter, the Company will delete or destroy the personal data, or remove the means by which the data can be associated with you.10. Transfer of Personal Data Outside of SingaporeIn situations where we transfer your personal data to countries outside of Singapore, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate levels of protection necessary to maintain the security and integrity of your personal data are in place and that any transferred data is processed only in accordance with the PDPA and any other applicable law.Changes to PolicyWe reserve the right to modify or change this Policy at any time. The Effective Date, as stated above, indicates the last time this policy was materially revised. If we make material changes to the Policy, we will post any changes on this page. We encourage you to review this page periodically to understand our policy regarding the collection and use of your personal data.Contact UsFor questions regarding this Policy, please contact us at dpo.sg@nissin.com
© NISSIN FOODS SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
PRIVACY
TERMS