https://www.capacitorindustries.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
My Account
View Cart
Home
Why Us?
About Us
Contact Us
Review
Search
More results...
Home » Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.capacitorindustries.com.
For more information, please visit About Us page.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We use Ninja Forms, a third-party plug-in developer, to capture the information entered by our visitors. This information are retained indefinitely. This is so we can respond back to our visitors’ inquiries.
Please see Ninja Forms’ Privacy Policy for more information.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use third party service, such as Google Analytics, to enhance your experience by gathering data such as browser version, operating system, geographic location, and other non individually identifiable information. We use the information to measure website usage, so that we can understand trends and performance, and improve how we’re operating. Google Analytics may store data or use cookies on our behalf; however, we do not share information that would enable them to identify you individually.
Who we share your data with
We may transfer your data to our business partners, that may be located in other countries. We strive to do business only with partners who uphold high standards of data privacy and security, and whenever we transfer data to a third party, we take steps to make sure that the data will remain secure and private as required by applicable law and our internal guidelines.
Sometimes we may be required to share your data for specific purposes. These purposes may include:
In order for us to comply with a legal obligation or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or crime
In order to detect or correct technical or security issues
In order to apply or enforce our Terms and Conditions, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, you, our customers, our business partners, others, or the public
In order to maintain continuity of service in the event that we sell or liquidate some or all of our business or assets
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How we protect your data
We take a number of steps to ensure that data we collect is protected from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Many of our services are encrypted using SSL. Our payment processing is PCI compliance.
Want to know more
If you have additional question, please don’t hesitate to Contact Us.
Terms and ConditionsShipping and Payments
Return Policy
Non-Returnable Terms
Privacy Policy
Resources
ShoppingCapacitors
Clearance
Brackets
Contactors
335 Beinoris Drive,
Wood Dale, IL 60191
Call us: 773.774.6666
or [email address="info@capacitorindustries.com" class="email"]Email Us[/email]
Certified Quality Management System
Looking for something?Search our site!
Search
More results...
© 2020
Motor Capacitors, Chicago Condensor, SEI Capacitors. All Rights Reserved.
Website Designed & Hosted by ExcalTech.