https://www.trade-ideas.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy and Personal Data | Trade ideas
Skip to content
Login
Download Software
Web Access
Menu
Features
Pricing
Media
Professional
Education
Trading Room
About
Support
Privacy Policy
General:
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into Trade-Ideas End User Agreement (the “TIEUA”). All terms not defined below have the same definitions as those set out in TIEUA. This Privacy Policy applies to the processing of your personal information the Company obtains through your use of the Trade-Ideas Products and Service, and in connection with our customer, service provider, and partner relationships. This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by a common search engine, such as information we associate with your Google Account (“Personal Data”).  This Privacy Policy describes the types of Personal Data we collect, the purposes for which we collect that Personal Data, the process which may allow the Company to share such Data with any third parties, and the measures we take to protect the security of all Personal Data. It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Data, and how you can reach us to update your contact information or get answers to questions you may have about our privacy practices.
The types of Personal Data we may collect and the reasons for collecting:
All users are contractually obligated to provide Trade-Ideas with the following Personal Data:
Name;
Email address;
Billing information;
Software usage data;
In the absence of such information, the Company is not able to offer its services.
Trade-Ideas uses legitimately collected Personal Data (if any) exclusively for the purpose of provision of necessary technical and client support services. For example, Trade-Ideas periodically sends out email to users describing new features, or other useful information.  By default, Trade-Ideas will use your email address to provide such updates.  Each user can choose not to receive these messages by opting out from the email lists using the unsubscribe instructions and or links  We strongly recommend that you subscribe to these messages.  Also, Trade-Ideas will use your email address in order to help you retrieve a forgotten password, resolve a billing issue, or any other appropriate and reasonable user communication, or other legitimate business purpose.
A statistical aggregation of Personal Data, in a form that does not identify any single user or a small group of users, may be used for various legitimate [internal] business purposes, such as but not limited to statistical analysis.
Safeguarding your Personal Data:
Trade-Ideas’ internal policies prohibit any employee or agent of the Company who has legitimate access to any Personal Data to use it for any purpose, other than as stated above, including but not limited to trading based on such information. All internal requests to access any Personal Data must be approved by the Company’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”).
Your Personal Data, including your symbol lists, is protected by your password; keep your password safe.
Sharing of Personal Data:
Trade-Ideas will not share your Personal Data, including your email address or your symbol lists, with any third parties without your prior explicit consent. You can actively choose to allow Trade-Ideas to share some or all your Personal Data. Click here to view or update your current choice.
Trade-Ideas will keep your Personal Data for a minimum of one year. This is necessary and reasonable in order for the Company to be able to provide you with the services you expect.
Legal protection of Personal Data and the rights of users:
Your Personal Data is protected by applicable laws. Trade-Ideas complies with all legally-mandated requirements to ensure such protection. You can, at any time, withdraw your consent to Trade-Ideas access or use of your Personal Data by contacting our DPO. You can also lodge a complaint with our DPO if you have reasons to believe that Trade-Ideas handles or uses your Personal Data in a manner contrary to the representations made in this Privacy Statement.
Contact us:
Trade-Ideas appointed Brad Williams as our Data Protection Officer “DPO”. Mr. Williams can be reached at brad@trade-ideas.com. Please contact our DPO if you have any questions regarding issues related to your Personal Data.
Start Today
Activate Your Trade Ideas
Join The Trading Room
Join The Trading Room
Educational Webinars
Educational Webinars
Trading eBooks
Trading eBooks
Sign up for the Trade of the Week newsletter
NameEmail*
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Account ManagementFeaturesDownload SoftwareWeb AccessPricingMediaAffiliate ProgramProfessionalPartnersEducationSupportKnowledgebaseTrading RoomTestimonialsPrivacy PolicyDisclosureEULABilling PoliciesBlogContact
© 2020 Trade Ideas, LLC
Earnings SeasonJust enter your email below and you'll be sent an email with the download link.Free Ebook How to use it in your trading