http://www.michaelfoods.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Michael Foods
×
×
Back
About
About
Company Overview
Capabilities
Corporate Responsibility
Corporate Responsibility
News
Contact
Foodservice
Foodservice
Foodservice Overview
Segments Served
Segments Served
Product Portfolio
Recipes
Continuing Education
Ingredients
Ingredients
Ingredients Overview
Capabilities
Product Development
Products
Careers
×
×
Search for:
About
Company Overview
Capabilities
Corporate Responsibility
News
Contact
Foodservice
Foodservice Overview
Segments Served
Product Portfolio
Recipes
Continuing Education
Ingredients
Ingredients Overview
Capabilities
Product Development
Products
Careers
Search for:
Privacy PolicyEffective: December 20, 2019
Michael Foods, Inc. wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information collected via the website located at michaelfoods.com, including information that individually identifies you (e.g., your name, address, phone number, email address, etc.). This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices with respect to information collected on this site and the choices you, as a visitor to the site, can make about the collection and use of your information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other website or business activity of Michael Foods, Inc.
What personal information do we collect and how do we use such information?
We collect personally identifiable information from you (such as your name, address, phone number, email address, etc.) when you voluntarily provide it to us. We may use the information for the purposes for which it was provided/collected, and to communicate with you regarding our products, services, and promotions; to provide you with other information that you request; to improve our product and service offerings; to consider your job application and communicate with you about your job application; and/or to communicate with you regarding our website, Privacy Policy and terms and conditions.
If you no longer wish to receive emails from us, you have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving emails from us via the “unsubscribe” link in the emails we send.
There are additional disclosures for California residents in the CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Section below.
How do we share personal information?
Except as described below, we do not sell, transfer or otherwise disclose to third parties the personally identifiable information we collect on this site.
We may provide your personal information to joint promotion and marketing partners and third parties who provide services on our behalf. These entities may use the information in conjunction with the specific promotion or other services they provide for us (e.g., responding to your question or comment, deployment of a consumer survey, investigation of a complaint, recruiting and hiring, etc.).
We may transfer any information we have about you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party. We may also share information within the family of companies owned by Michael Foods, Inc.
We may also disclose any personal information if such information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are requested to do so by law, regulation, subpoena, court order or government entity.
We also may disclose personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to conduct investigations of possible breaches of law, to cooperate in any legal investigation, or to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the website terms and conditions.
Further, we may use and disclose your personal information to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and the rights, privacy, safety or property of others.
How do we gather data by automatic means?
Sometimes we use cookie technology, web beacons, and similar devices on our site to enhance functionality and navigation for our visitors, and learn about the use and users of our site.
Information tracked through these mechanisms includes but is not limited to (1) your IP address, (2) the type of web browser and operating system being used, (3) the pages of the site you visit, (4) other websites you visited before visiting our site, and (5) your geographic location. Cookies do not collect or contain your name or email address.
If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to do so. Please note that if you disable cookies, the site may not function as intended and you may not be able to use certain features of the site.
To examine the use of our site we may also utilize Google Analytics (Privacy Policy), a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. that utilizes the data collected. If you wish to opt out of Google Analytics visit Google Analytics Opt Out.
Internet tags, graphic tags and similar web beacon type functions allow us to count the number of users who have visited a particular web page or to access certain cookies. We may use web beacons on our websites to count users and to recognize users by accessing our cookies. Being able to access our cookies allows us to personalize our website and improve your experience on our website. We may also include web beacons in HTML-formatted email messages to determine which email messages are opened. Like cookies, web beacons do not collect or contain your name or your email address.
How do we respond to “do not track” signals?
We do not currently respond to do not track signals.
Do we authorize the collection of personally identifiable information by third parties?
No, we do not currently authorize the collection of personally identifiable information via the website by third parties.
California residents may have additional rights and choices regarding your Personal Data. Please see the CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Section below for more information.
Links to other websites
Our site may contain links to the websites of our subsidiaries and affiliates, and to websites that are owned and operated by third parties. These other websites may have their own privacy policies and are not governed by this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites owned and operated by any such third parties. Other websites may collect and treat information collected differently.
YOUR RIGHTS WITH REGARD TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You have the following rights with regard to your Personal Data: (i) the right to access; (ii) the right to rectification; (iii) the right to erasure; (iv) the right to restrict processing; (v) the right to object to processing; (vi) the right to data portability; (vii) the right to withdraw consent and (viii) the right to lodge complaints. You may exercise any of these rights by contacting us at privacyinquiries@michaelfoods.com.  You also have the right to lodge your complaints with the applicable legal authorities, including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of Commerce, U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) or the applicable E.U. supervisory authority(ies).
Michael Foods will respond to your requests in accordance with, and within the appropriate timeframe determined by, the applicable law and/or regulation governing the use of the given Personal Data. In most cases, Michael Foods will respond to requests within one month; provided, however, if the request is complex, Michael Foods may extend its response time in accordance with applicable law and regulation.
Michael Foods will contact users whose Personal Data is within the scope of the GDPR or the Privacy Shield Principles to obtain prior affirmative express consent when the same is required.  For example, Michael Foods will receive your affirmative express consent before any sensitive or special category Personal Data is processed, is disclosed to a third party, or is used for a purpose other than those for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you.
California residents may have additional rights and choices with regard to your Personal Data. Please see the CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Section below for more information.
Children's Privacy
This website is not directed to children under age 13, and we have no intention of collecting information from children under age 13 at this website.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of this website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacyinquiries@michaelfoods.com or by mail to Marketing Manager at 301 Carlson Parkway, Suite 400, Minnetonka, MN 55305.
Through our Site, we collect information that constitutes “personal information” under the California Consumer Privacy Protection Act (the “CCPA”) as we collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device. In particular, our Site has collected the following categories of personal information from its users (whether directly, indirectly (e.g., by observing your actions on the Site) or from third parties) within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
YES
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
For the purposes of this Section and our compliance with the CCPA, “personal information” does not include publicly available information from government records, deidentified or aggregated consumer information or information specifically excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data or personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Michael Foods has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.]
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Category I: Professional or employment-related information.
Category J: Non-public education information.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We disclosed this personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties Agents:
provide email services;
consumer relations, including consumer complaint response services;
employee recruitment services;
legal representation, including with regard to prevention harm to our company, its subsidiaries, our products or services or a person or property (e.g., fraud prevention); and
shareholder record-keeping, notice, transfer agent and other investor relation services.
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights.  You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (please see Subsection Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights below for more information), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights.  You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (please see Subsection Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights below for more information), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us, or our service provider(s), to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his/her free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights.  To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us through one of the following:
By telephone at 952-258-4000
By email at privacyinquiries@michaelfoods.com
By mail at 301 Carlson Parkway, Suite 400, Minnetonka, MN 55305.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format.  We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to ninety (90) days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12)-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
No Personal Information Sales.  We do not sell any personal information that we collect or use.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
United States only
This website is intended for use by residents of the United States of America only. All matters relating to this site are governed by the laws of the State of Missouri in the United States of America. If you are located outside of the United States of America and you contact us, please be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to us in the United States of America and that by submitting information, you explicitly authorize its transfer.
How we protect personally identifiable information
Information transmitted on the Internet and/or stored on systems attached to the Internet is not 100% secure. As a result, we do not ensure, warrant or guarantee the security or integrity of such information. We will not be responsible for disclosure of any information due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.
Changes in our online Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or replace this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion at any time. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any updates or changes in this Privacy Policy.
Your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy
By using this website, you signify your assent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use this site or submit any personally identifiable information to us.
Contact us
Find our contact information here
As a leading processor and distributor of innovative foods, Michael Foods offers superior value through its unsurpassed products, supply chain excellence and business-building solutions, delivered with unmatched integrity and expertise.
952.258.4000
Markets
Foodservice
Food Ingredients
Company
Company Overview
Careers
Contact
Post Holdings
©2020 Michael Foods, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
This site is not intended for audiences from the European Union or Switzerland.
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn