https://www.zillionresumes.com/pages/privacy.html
Features
Pricing
Post Resumes
Free Demo
Contact
Candidate Search
Sign In
privacy policy
Customers
At ZillionResumes we want to provide a safe, secure experience for our customers. You are defined as a customer if you have paid for access to our databases or obtained a copy of the databases or portions thereof, or other parties who have otherwise gained access to the databases. We constantly work to ensure that the personal information our customers, submit to us remains private, and is used only for the purposes described in this policy. By using ZillionResumes or our affiliated web sites, you consent to the policies and practices described in this Statement. Your data will be stored and processed in whole or in part in the United States. If you access ZillionResumes or our affiliated web sites outside the United States, your usage of the site constitutes consent to the transfer of your data out of your country and to the United States.
ZillionResumes and our affiliated web sites may contain links to other web sites over which ZillionResumes has no control. ZillionResumes is not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of other web sites to which you choose to link from a ZillionResumes our affiliated web sites.
ZillionResumes collects personal information from customers as part of the registration and billing process. This information is used for billing, customer support, customer contact and to allow us to provide customers with access to secure areas on our site. The personal information collected from customers may include your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card number, other contact information, billing information and any other information from which your identity is discernible. In some cases, we may use this information to make you aware of additional products and services which may be of interest to you, or to contact you regarding site changes. We may also ask you for other information, such as feedback regarding the site, and ways in which we may better serve you. This is always in the context of trying to deliver to you the best possible service.
We also gather or may gather certain information about our customers' use of ZillionResumes, such as what areas of the web site are visited, what services are used, what searches are conducted and what resumes are viewed. Moreover, there is information about our customers' computer hardware and software that is or may be collected by ZillionResumes. This information can include without limitation our customers' IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
We do not disclose to third parties information about our customers or information about our customers' use of the ZillionResumes web site, except as set forth in the following four subparagraphs. We may disclose such information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure.
We may disclose such information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. This may include entities that hosts our web servers, analyze data we provide, provide marketing assistance, process credit card payments, and provide customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their duties, but they may not share that information with other unaffiliated third parties.
We may disclose such information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of ZillionResumes or its affiliates; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.
We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of our business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event ZillionResumes becomes the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, we or our trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court.
We may also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to each of our web sites with our clients, partners and other third parties so that they may understand the kinds of visitors we receive and how those visitors use the site.
ZillionResumes has implemented reasonable technical and organizational processes designed to secure our customers' personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
When you place an order online at ZillionResumes, your credit card information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") protocol. SSL makes it difficult for your credit card information to be intercepted or stolen while being transmitted. ZillionResumes uses a third party service company to process credit card transactions.
Resumes
ZillionResumes gathers resumes from freely accessible locations on the Internet. ZillionResumes may also receive resumes from third parties. Individuals may also post their resume directly on ZillionResumes. If you post your resume then all parties with access to our resume databases (or copies thereof) will have access to your resume.
You may remove your resume from our database at any time by emailing us here with the name and email address contained on your resume in the body of the email. If, however, your resume is still posted on the Internet we cannot guarantee that our search robots will not find it again in the future. In addition, our customers, employers, recruiters and others who have paid for access to these databases or to obtain a copy of the databases, as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the databases, and who have accessed your resume from our databases may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases. We are not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of resumes in these instances.
We attempt to limit access to our searchable resume database (or copies thereof) only to employers, recruiters, hiring managers, headhunters and human resource professionals, as well as law enforcement and national security agencies, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not gain access to our resume databases. We are not responsible for the use made of resumes by third parties who access such resumes while they are using our resume databases.
ZillionResumes may supply other recruitment related companies with access to our resume databases directly or through private label arrangements. If you remove your resume from ZillionResumes it is removed from our databases that these other entities access as well.
ZillionResumes may provide your resume or other personal information from our databases to third parties. In general, we may provide your resume or other personal information to recruiting and career related entities. However, we may also provide your resume, contact information or other personal information to third parties for sales, marketing or other purposes.
General
At ZillionResumes, we use cookies only for the protection and convenience of our users. Cookies enable us to serve secure pages to our users without asking them to login repeatedly.
ZillionResumes is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If ZillionResumes decides to change this Privacy Statement, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it.
© 1999 - 2020 MJM Tech.
Disclaimer: ZillionResumes is a resume database service used by recruiters and hiring companies to find employees. We do not allow email harvesting for the purpose of sending unsolicited email. ZillionResumes does not warrant the validity of any information found in candidate resumes. ZillionResumes' resume database is a collection of active and passive candidate resumes aggregated from many sources. ZillionResumes will remove candidate resumes from our database at the request of the candidate.