http://www.masterclock.com/privacy-policy
Products
Master Clocks
NTP Servers
Time Code Generators
Multi-Color Clocks
Time Zone Clocks
Digital Clocks
Analog Clocks
Digital-Analog Clocks
Count Controller
Dual-Channel Production Timer
Distribution Amplifiers
PC Cards
Sequence of Events Recorders
Time Code Switcher
Software
Accessories
Legacy Products
Company
News & Updates
About Us
Success Stories
Support
Technical Support
Support Plans
Warranty Information
RMA Information
Ordering Information
Resources
Request a quote
Masterclock.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy This privacy policy explains how Masterclock, Inc. (“we” or “us”) collects, uses, and protects any information that you give us when you use this website, our products, or our services, or any other products, services, or websites offered by us (“Services”). We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website or our Services, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement, as updated from time to time. Links to Other Websites Our websites and other Services may contain links to other websites of interest, or may integrate other third party services. When using these third party services or website, you should note that we do not have any control over them and therefore, they are not governed by this privacy policy and we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide when using them. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the service in question. Collection of Your Information We collect or receive information about your interactions with us. Your information may be supplemented with additional information from other companies such as publicly available information and other information that we may append or match to your information. We may also receive or collect certain technical information when you use our Services. Data Retention We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.  How Your Information is used Your information is used for purposes that include: to operate and improve the Services available through usto fulfill your requests for tools, software, functionality, features and other products, and servicesto communicate with you and respond to your inquiriesto conduct research about your use of our productsto help offer you other products, features, or services that may be of interestWe may use cookies or other technologies in combination with your information to enhance and personalize your experience. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, it's important to remember that many of our Services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. Sharing of Your Information We do not rent or sell your personally identifiable information. We may share your information with third parties to provide products and services you have requested, when we have your consent, or as described in this Privacy Policy. The contents of your communications, as well as other information about you as a user of our Services, may be accessed and disclosed under the following circumstances: in response to lawful governmental requests or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena), in other circumstances in which we have a good faith belief that a crime has been or is being committed by a user of our Services, that an emergency exists that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person, when necessary either to protect our rights or property, or for us to render the service you have requested. We may use agents and contractors in order to help operate our Services. Their use of information is limited to these purposes. In the event that ownership of us was to change as a result of a merger, acquisition, or transfer to another company, your information may be transferred. If such a transfer results in a material change in the use of your information, you will be provided notice (which may be via updates to this page). Your Choices about Your Information Masterclock complies with international laws and regulations to protect your personal data. Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the right to: Request access to your personal data Request correction of your personal data Request erasure of your personal data Object to processing of your personal data Request restriction of processing your personal data Request transfer of your personal data Withdraw consent Updating Personally Identifiable Information Any visitor may opt out of Masterclock's mailing list(s), or change, update or delete an email address by contacting support@masterclock.com. Our Commitment to Security We have established safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of your information, but cannot guarantee that your information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy (for example, as a result of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable law or our and our affiliated providers' policies). To protect your privacy and security, we may use passwords or other technologies to register or authenticate you and enable you to take advantage of our Services, and before granting access or making corrections to your information. Disclaimer of Liability No data transmission over the Internet can ever be 100% secure and Masterclock cannot guarantee the security of the information that visitors transmit via our online services. Masterclock shall not be liable for losses related to information transmitted via  online services. Masterclock does not accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to data or computer systems which may occur while using material derived from our website and does not warrant that the functions contained in the material in this site will be uninterrupted or error free. The user of the information available for public use on our website assumes the risk of using or relying on such information. Masterclock shall not be liable for any damages, including indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages a user incurs because of viewing, distributing, or copying materials made available to the public, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. How to Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact us at support@masterclock.com or at the address below. If you believe your information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes). Changes to this Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this Policy periodically. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below. Masterclock.com 2484 West Clay St St. Charles, Missouri 63301 USA support@masterclock.com 636-724-3666 Last Updated: May 25, 2018
About MasterclockCompanyPrecise Timing Library Masterclock BlogProductsIEEE1588 PTP Grandmaster ClocksNTP ServersTime Code Generators Digital ClocksAnalog ClocksCount Controllers
Masterclock, Inc. is a woman-owned small business dedicated to manufacturing precise timing devices that deliver quality and value to our customers. Our products are manufactured exclusively in the USA. We offer a 5-year warranty and free technical support.
2484 West Clay StreetSt. Charles, MO 63301, USA(636) 724-3666 or (800) 940-2248sales@masterclock.com