https://www.ccl-logistics.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
We at CCL are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of individuals.  We know your privacy is very important to you - we make sure it is important to us too.
This privacy policy (the “Policy”) explains how and why CCL collects and uses your personal information, and describes how to exercise your privacy rights.
CCL includes the following companies, websites and trading names:
Consolidated Carriers Limited (including CCL, ccl-logistics.com and myccl.com)
CCL E-Biz Limited (including ParcelsPlease, ParcelsPlease.com and ParcelsPlease.co.uk)
CCL UK Holdings Limited
CCL Derby Ltd formerly Advance Forwarding Limited (including CCL Advance, advanceforwarding.com and advanceforwarding.co.uk)
CCL Export Packing Ltd formerly Advance Packing Limited (including Advance Packing, advancepacking.com and advancepacking.co.uk)
CCL Technology Solutions Ltd  (including Kyria Ltd and kyria.co.uk)
CCL Aylesbury Ltd formerly Alpharoute Transports Limited (including alpharoute.co.uk)
We aim to be as clear as possible about how and why we collect, store and use personal information gathered about you. If your questions are not fully answered by the information below or you have any questions on the information we hold about you, please contact us by email at privacy@ccl-logistics.com or write to us at Privacy and Compliance, Consolidated Carriers Limited, 27 Burnside Place, Troon, Ayrshire, KA10 6LZ.
You may also contact the UK Information Commissioner’s Office to report any concern you may have about our data handling practices.
This Policy is an important document and we recommend that you read it carefully.  We keep the Policy under regular review and this version was last updated in May 2018
What personal information do we collect about you? The type of information and Personal Data that we collect about you when you visit our sites or deal with us may include the following:
Personal details provided by you - such as your name, postal address and other contact details, such as your telephone number and email address
Payment information - including data to make purchases, such as your payment account details, credit card and debit card numbers, expiration date, shipping and billing address
Account login information - including any information that is required for you to establish a user account, such as user name, password and security question and answer
Transaction and usage information, such as details of services that you have purchased from us
Marketing and communications information, such as your preferences in receiving marketing and communications from us.
Why do we collect this information? We only collect and use your personal data on a lawful basis or where we have a legitimate interest. We use the information that we collect from you:
a) to provide our services to you or to provide information relating to the services you currently use with us
b) to provide information to you that you have requested from us relating to our services, eg an enquiry
c) to send you information about products and services of ours which may be of interest to you.  You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes
d) for improving the quality of our products and services and to give you a better user experience
e) to comply with our legal obligations, such as maintaining appropriate business records, handling complaints or complying with applicable laws and regulations or otherwise required by law
How do we collect information about you? We collect information from you:
a) Directly, such as asking you for collection and delivery details which may include personal information about you or when you open an account with us.
b) From third parties. We may ask for information about you from third parties, for example when we get authorisation for a payment you make using a credit or debit card
c) From what you do on our websites. This can show us, for example, which products you use most and least. We may use this information to personalise the site to better meet your needs.  Website information is collected using cookies.  For further information on our cookie policy please click here.
d) From emails or telephone calls from you.  We may record your call for training and quality control and to ensure that we continuously monitor and improve our customer service standards.
Who sees your personal information? The personal information we collect will be used within CCL.  We will not sell your data.
Sometimes we will share your information with carefully selected third parties outside of CCL. We may do this for the following reasons:
To provide you with a service. Some of our services are provided in conjunction with our business partners. For example, when your payment card details are processed through our third-party payment gateway and we need to disclose your personal information to them to provide you with the services.
To protect us or others. We may share your information with third parties when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law or protect our or another person’s rights, property, or safety. This includes exchanging information with third parties to protect against fraud and reduce payment risks.
We will only deal with third parties that we trust to act in our customers’ best interests and who treat our customers’ information with the same stringent controls that we apply ourselves.
Our websites include links to other sites. We make every effort to provide links to high quality, reputable sites but we’re not responsible for their privacy practices or, site content, or the services they offer.
How do we ensure the security of your personal information? We’ve implemented technology and security policies, rules and measures to protect the personal information we have under our control, both on and offline, from improper access, use, alteration, destruction and loss.
Here are some of the ways we protect your personal information:
Access to our online services is protected by encryption. Encryption is the process through which sensitive information is scrambled before it is transmitted so that it remains private even if it is intercepted.  However, unless your Internet browser supports encryption you will not be able to take advantage of this level of security.
Off-line, your information is kept securely in our databases and offices. We only allow our employees and trusted contractors access to your information, and then only if they need it for a specific authorised task.
The computers on which we store your information are kept in a secure environment.
We do not store payment card details from any of our websites – instead we use an external payment gateway to process your payments.
We will take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information, but data can never be guaranteed 100% secure. Please note that we will not be liable for any breach of security unless we have been negligent.
How long do we retain your personal data? We will only retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to satisfy the purpose for which it was provided by you or collected by us, or for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirement.
We may therefore retain your information for a reasonable period after your last interaction with us. When personal data is no longer required, we destroy or delete it in a secure manner. We may, instead of destroying or erasing your Personal Data, make it anonymous so that it cannot be associated with or tracked back to you.
Access to your information and correction You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your information, please email privacy@ccl-logistics.com or write to Privacy and Compliance, Consolidated Carriers Limited, 27 Burnside Place, Troon, Ayrshire, KA10 6LZ.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date and you may ask us to correct or remove any information you think is inaccurate.
background
Layer 1
Helpful Links
Contact Us
Articles
Careers
About Us
Our Technology
What we do
Connect with us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Conditions of Carriage
Copyright ©2020 CCL Logistics. All rights reserved. Consolidated Carriers Ltd (CCL) is a registered company at CCL House Burnside Place, Troon. Co. Reg. No: - SC199192
Website by Gecko Agency
This site uses cookies. By using this site you agree to the use of cookies. Read our Cookie Policy
Ok, got it.