http://www.eurobake.com/privacy-cookies-policy/
has been added
Create a catalog or get an offer
Go to favorites
Close
Loading...
Back
Favorites
Clear all
No products has been added
Send catalogue to e-mail
Lantmännen Unibake use cookies to give you a good web page experience, as well as for statistics and marketing purposes. By continuing, you approve this.
You can read more about our cookies and how we handle your personal information in our Privacy Policy, which you will find here.
Accept Cookies
Welcome to our Euro-Bake bakery
With the look and taste of breads from the old world, Euro-Bake artisan breads bring back the best of Europe’s culinary history.
Our Bread is Your Canvas
Every single one of your dishes tells a unique story. Why tell that story on basic bread? At Euro-Bake, we know the job of good bread is to elevate your menu. Euro-Bake offers gourmet and custom buns, rolls, and baguettes ready to bring your food to the next level—and our bakers are ready to find a solution to any situation.
Euro-Bake has both fully-baked and par-baked breads ready for use, all of which are totally free from preservatives and artificial colors and ingredients. Want to try out Euro-Bake? We'll work with you to find the best bread to make your masterpieces stand out.
Our Euro-Bake Products
Discover our bread and burgers.
Our Euro-Bake Campaigns
Discover them all: Sandwich Solutions, Crafted Burgers & Top Toasts
Our Euro-Bake Inspiration
See our collection of recipes for gourmet burgers, top toasts, snacks and sandwiches!
Unibake US News
Read news and information about Unibake and our brands.
Crafted Burgers
Behind every craft burger (or sandwich) is an artisan roll
What goes into a great burger starts on the outside. From innovative to classic, Euro-Bake artisan buns are crafted to hold your most gourmet burger creations.
Try our crafted burgers!
Please accept marketing-cookies to watch this video.
European style with American flair
Watch the video and learn about our brand, our company, and our passion for bread!
Watch the movie
Our Bread is Your Canvas
Every single one of your dishes tells a unique story. Why tell that story on basic bread? At Euro-Bake, we know the job of good bread is to elevate your menu. Euro-Bake offers gourmet and custom buns, rolls, and baguettes ready to bring your food to the next level—and our bakers are ready to find a solution to any situation.
Euro-Bake has both fully-baked and par-baked breads ready for use, all of which are totally free from preservatives and artificial colors and ingredients. Want to try out Euro-Bake? We'll work with you to find the best bread to make your masterpieces stand out.
Contact
Lantmännen Unibake USA
2525 Cabot Drive
Suite 300
Lisle, IL 60532
630-963-4781
Customer Service
Call us at the above number or
Send us an e-mail
Pastries
Unibake
European Quality in the US
Euro-Bake is part of Unibake USA and owned by Swedish farmers through Lantmännen – one of Europe's largest groups within the energy, machinery, agriculture and food sector. Together we take responsibility from field to fork. We focus on R&D and sustainable development, and we are deeply rooted in respect for nature and its resources.
Click here for more information