http://www.jcsbank.com/your-questions/security-center/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
Close top bar
Forgot Password?
Personal Signup | Business Signup
Close
Toggle navigation
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Revised 08/2019
FACTS
WHAT DOES JEWETT CITY SAVINGS BANK
DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and transaction history
Account balances and account transactions
Payment history and checking account information
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Jewett City Savings Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Jewett City Savings Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
Questions?
Call 860-376-4444
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Jewett City Savings Bank
What we do
How does Jewett City Savings Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Jewett City Savings Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Make deposits or withdrawals from your account
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Jewett City Savings Bank has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Jewett City Savings Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Jewett City Savings Bank does not jointly market.
You are now leaving Jewett City Savings Bank
By clicking the link below, you will enter a website created, operated and maintained by a private business or organization.
Jewett City Savings Bank provides this link as a service to our website visitors. We are not responsible for the content, views, or privacy policies of this site. We take no responsibility for any products or services offered by this site, nor do we endorse or sponsor the information it contains.
Websites change location, ownership and address frequently. Jewett City Savings Bank is not responsible for the accessibility of this link.
You will be redirected to
Click the link above to continue or CANCEL
https://secure.myvirtualbranch.com
https://jcsbank.mortgagewebcenter.com/
http://jcsbank.mortgagewebcenter.com
http://jcsbank.loanwebcenter.com/
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+
Underline links
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Close
Important Information About Our Response to COVID-19  Click Here For Message