http://www.registech.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Regis Technologies (“Regis Technologies,” “we,” “us”, “our”) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience for all of our users and subscribers while offering the highest quality products and services to them. Because we gather certain types of information about and from users and subscribers so that we can fulfill your requests and better serve your needs, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of this information. We strive to do everything we can to protect the privacy of our users.1. Information We Collect When you visit the Site, we may collect and use personally identifiable information about you, as well as other usage information. We collect information in the following ways:
Information You Give Us Directly by filling in forms on our Site This may include name, postal address, email address, telephone number, or similar information that can be used to identify you and is defined as personal or
Information We Get from Your Visit to the Site and the resources that you access—including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, including your IP address, browser type, the date and time you accessed or left the Websites, and which pages you viewed. Some parts of our Websites use tags, scripts, or other technologies to collect this information about your general internet usage. See the section below called “Use of Tracking Technologies” to learn more. Information Provided to Us When You Communicate with Us for any reason, including information you provide in emails you send us, responses to surveys, search queries, and details of any donation. Payment Information
We may collect and process payment information from you when you purchase online, including credit card numbers and billing information, using third-party PCI-compliant service providers. Except for this, we do not collect any financial information from you. 2. How We Use The Information We Collect We use the information we collect from you primarily to enable us to provide our services in the best possible manner. We only use this information in compliance with this Privacy Policy. We will never sell your personal information. 2.1 Use of Personal Information
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your personal information to:
respond to any requests you may have; send you communications and updates relating to Regis Technologies notify you about changes to the Site; improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Site; or provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us or which we think may be of interest to you.
We may also use your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.2.2
Use of Tracking Technologies
We may use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit the Websites or use the Software. Cookies A cookie is a small file placed on your computer or device when you visit a website. We use cookies for various functions, including to understand whether a visitor has previously visited a particular website or to make the log-in experience easier. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and may store user preferences and other information. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may then be unable to access certain parts of the Site. Tags and Scripts Certain pages of the Site and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited these pages or opened the email and provide other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). This assists in informing us which systems are operating effectively and helps us understand how well a website is performing for visitors.2.3
Use of Credit Card Information
If you give us credit card information, we use it solely to collect payments from you. We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.3. Information We Share We may share your personal information as follows:
We may share your personal information with trusted third parties (including advertising networks) or our affiliates to:
Assist us in providing our services to you, including by acting on our behalf to send postal mail and email, remove repetitive information from customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, process credit card payments, and provide customer assistance; Compile statistics and reports regarding our audience and the visitors of our Site and services; and Deliver interest-based advertising to you targeted to the interests identified through your online activities.
Such third parties have access to personal information as needed to perform their functions, but they are not allowed to use it for other purposes. We do not sell or rent personal information collected through our Site to anyone. When you provide us with personal information we also may use and share your personal information to contact you, including via email, to thank you for providing your request, to conduct satisfaction surveys, or for other administrative purposes related to your request. Other Circumstances: We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to:
comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal process (such as a subpoena), or enforceable government request; enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations of such Terms, or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; and protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of Regis Technologies, our users and subscribers, or the public as required or permitted by law.
4. Choice Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. Therefore, upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If you provide us with your personal information, you may:
review the information that you have supplied to us; request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in user information that you have supplied to us; request that your information not be used to contact you; request that your information be removed from any solicitation list that we use; or request that your information be deleted from our records.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at marketing@registech.com. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable time and notify you of the action we have taken. If your information has been shared with a third party, as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, then that third party has received its own copy of your data. If you have been contacted by one of these third parties and wish to correct or delete your information, please contact them directly.5. Information Security We have implemented a variety of measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to us. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for any circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Websites or Software.6. Third-Party Content Some of the content or applications on the Site are served by third parties, including content providers and application providers. We are not responsible for the privacy practices used by other websites that may be accessible or linked to by our Site. By accessing other third-party websites or applications through the Site, you are consenting to the terms and privacy policies of those websites. It is possible that other parties may collect personally identifiable information or use cookies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites.7. Information About Children The Websites are not intended for or targeted at children under thirteen (13), and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under thirteen. If you believe that we have collected information about a child under thirteen, please contact us at marketing@registech.com, so that we may delete the information.8. General Data Protection Regulation Personal information regarding individuals who reside in a member state of the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland is controlled by Regis Technologies. We abide by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The GDPR provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of the personal information of European citizens and gives European citizens certain rights. Legal Basis for Processing If you are an individual from the EEA or Switzerland, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where:
We have your consent to do so; Where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver services); or Where the party is in our or a third party’s legitimate interests (and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms).
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may need the personal information to protect your vital interest or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process the personal information, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time. Please note that this does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Our Websites may contain links to other websites and the information practices and the content of such other websites are governed by the privacy statements of such other websites. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of any such other websites to understand their information practices.
Retention We will retain your personal information for as long as is needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data Individuals residing in the EEA and Switzerland have certain rights to access and control their personal data. These rights include:
the right to be informed; the right of access; the right to rectification; the right to erasure; the right to restrict processing; the right to data portability; the right to object; and rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
For a full list of rights, please visit https://www.eugdpr.org/9. Privacy Policy Updates This Privacy Policy was lasted updated on 08/06/18. We update the Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it regularly. If we materially change our Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting a notice on our Site. Your continued use of the Site will be deemed your agreement that your information may be used in accordance with the new policy. If you do not agree with the changes, then you should stop using the Site and notify us that you do not want your information used in accordance with the changes. 10. Contact Us We welcome any questions, comments, or complaints you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us by email at cservice@registech.com or Regis Technologies, Inc.
8210 Austin Avenue Morton Grove, IL 60053 (847) 967-6000 [last updated: 08/06/18]
0Resources
Blog
News
Events
Careers
[ Placeholder content for popup link ] WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close
The Regis Technologies Website is set to allow the use of cookies. Cookies help us to give you the best experience on our website. By clicking Accept or continuing to use the site, you agree to use our cookies. If you decline we will not track your information but your browsing experience might be limited. Please visit our Terms & Conditions and our Privacy Policy for more information.AcceptDecline