https://www.showerbase.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
FAST
FREE SHIPPING
Trademarks:All brand, product, service, and process names appearing on this Web site are trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by KBRS, Inc. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of KBRS, Inc. or any third party, except as expressly granted herein. Use of Site:This site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. KBRS, Inc. and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if KBRS, Inc. believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of KBRS, Inc. and its subsidiaries.
** Please read all information prior to purchasing **
All phone and internet orders must review this terms and conditions page. Privacy Policy:Our Commitment to Privacy: Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the KBRS, Inc. website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name Address Email address Phone number Credit/Debit Card Information (etc.) On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: Name Address Phone Number (etc.) The Way We Use Information: We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our website if you would like o receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above. Our Commitment To Data Security: To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Our Commitment To Children's Privacy: Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information: You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us at 1-866-912-3211 You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. How To Contact Us: Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-866-912-3211 or send us an email at sales@kbrsinc.com.Shipping & Delivery:At this time, KBRS, Inc. ships merchandise only to locations within the continental United States and Canada. The risk of loss and title for all merchandise ordered on this Web site pass to you when the merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier.Sales Tax:KBRS, Inc. charges sales tax for merchandise ordered on this Web site based on the applicable state sales tax rate and the location to which the order is being shipped.KBRS, Inc. Limited 10-Year Residential WarrantyThis warranty applies to all KBRS, Inc. Shower Product used in residential projects or residential applications on or after November 1, 2014. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS – YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. In addition to this warranty, a longer warranty (up to lifetime) may also be achieved for the Shower Product when installed by a KBRS Qualified Installer (QI). For more details, contact the KBRS Customer Service department at (866)-912-3211, or your local KBRS Dealer. Terms and ConditionsSubject to the conditions and limitations stated in this document, KBRS, Inc. (KBRS) warrants to the original owner that the KBRS Shower Product will be free from manufacturing defects and will not break down, or deteriorate under normal usage for 10 years when installed in accordance with KBRS’s most recently published instructions, specifications and industry standards and guidelines for said installation. This warranty becomes effective upon validated substantial completion of the project. This warranty is not transferable. Exclusive RemedyIn installations correctly utilizing KBRS Shower Product, KBRS will repair and/or replace, at its discretion, the affected area of the shower, or repair and/or replace, at its discretion, the Shower Product. Such cost to KBRS shall not exceed the original square foot cost of the installation proven to be defective. KBRS, Inc. is not responsible for labor charges or other charges related to the removal or installation of Shower Product. Proof of product purchase is required with any claim. LimitationsKBRS shall not be responsible for structural failure or workmanship that is not in accordance with standard industry practices and procedures and KBRS published instructions. KBRS will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from the KBRS Shower Product installation or any KBRS product incorporated therein, whether direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, regardless of the legal theory asserted, including warranty, contract, negligence or strict product liability. Some states do not allow the exclusion of consequential damages, so these limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. Excessive deflection, substrate movement or other failures of the substrate and damage to structural or subfloor elements from water are also not covered. Acts of God including but not limited to flooding, hurricane, tornado, earthquake and fire shall not be covered under this warranty. KBRS will not be responsible for system failure resulting from the use of non-specified products. KBRS shall not be responsible for cracks in tiles; loss of bond to substrate, tile or membrane due to excessive tile deformation for any reason, or resulting from a lack of improperly-placed perimeter and/or movement joints. The potential for surface discoloration and shading due to UV light exposure is not considered a manufacturing defect. Although KBRS may have suggested the Shower Product or developed the Shower Product at the request of the owner or applicator, it is the responsibility of the owner to test and determine the suitability of the Shower Product for the intended use and purpose, and the owner assumes all risk and liability whatsoever regarding such suitability. THIS LIMITED WARRANTY IS IN PLACE OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. KBRS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING STATUTORY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN. Responsibility of OthersInspection of the unit is the responsibility of the owner or applicator prior to installation. This is to ensure that the unit is free of damage or defects. Units that exhibit defects must not be installed. KBRS is not responsible for damages that could have been discovered by proper inspection and testing of the unit prior to installation. KBRS is also not responsible for damages occurring during the installation process or thereafter. It is the responsibility of the owner or applicator to understand and comply with all building codes. KBRS is not responsible for products installed that do not comply with all local, state, and federal building code requirements. Warranty RequirementsKBRS installation requirements can be obtained by calling Technical Services at 866-912-3211 or through www.kbrsinc.com. A ANSI A118.4 Bedding Mortar, KBRS Polyurethane Sealant, and KBRS Approved Waterproofing and Crack Prevention Membrane to qualify for this limited warranty. Claims ProceduresIf you wish to make a claim under this limited warranty, you must notify KBRS immediately in writing at: Technical Services, KBRS, Inc., 8406 Speedway Blvd., Hardeeville, SC 29927. Include any and all information related to an alleged defect of the installation. The claim must be submitted in a timely fashion, and evaluated by KBRS before any repair work is done. KBRS reserves the right to physically inspect any project with a claim pending prior to determining validity of the claim. Proof of purchase may be required. For any claim that is not valid, KBRS will be paid reasonable charges, including travel and labor, associated with investigation of such claim. KBRS, Inc. Limited 10-Year Commercial WarrantyThis warranty applies to all KBRS, Inc. Shower Product used in commercial projects or commercial applications on or after November 1, 2014. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS – YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. Terms and ConditionsSubject to the conditions and limitations stated in this document, KBRS, Inc. (KBRS) warrants to the original owner that the KBRS Shower Product will be free from manufacturing defects and will not break down, or deteriorate under normal usage for 10 years when installed in accordance with KBRS’s most recently published instructions, specifications and industry standards and guidelines for said installation. This warranty becomes effective upon validated substantial completion of the project. This warranty is not transferable. Exclusive RemedyIn installations correctly utilizing KBRS Shower Product, KBRS will repair and/or replace, at its discretion, the affected area of the shower, or repair and/or replace, at its discretion, the Shower Product. Such cost to KBRS shall not exceed the original square foot cost of the installation proven to be defective. KBRS, Inc. is not responsible for labor charges or other charges related to the removal or installation of Shower Product. Proof of product purchase is required with any claim. LimitationsKBRS shall not be responsible for structural failure or workmanship that is not in accordance with standard industry practices and procedures and KBRS published instructions. KBRS will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from the KBRS Shower Product installation or any KBRS product incorporated therein, whether direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, regardless of the legal theory asserted, including warranty, contract, negligence or strict product liability. Some states do not allow the exclusion of consequential damages, so these limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. Excessive deflection, substrate movement or other failures of the substrate and damage to structural or subfloor elements from water are also not covered. Acts of God including but not limited to flooding, hurricane, tornado, earthquake and fire shall not be covered under this warranty. KBRS will not be responsible for system failure resulting from the use of non-specified products. KBRS shall not be responsible for cracks in tiles; loss of bond to substrate, tile or membrane due to excessive tile deformation for any reason, or resulting from a lack of improperly-placed perimeter and/or movement joints. The potential for surface discoloration and shading due to UV light exposure is not considered a manufacturing defect. Although KBRS may have suggested the Shower Product or developed the Shower Product at the request of the owner or applicator, it is the responsibility of the owner to test and determine the suitability of the Shower Product for the intended use and purpose, and the owner assumes all risk and liability whatsoever regarding such suitability. THIS LIMITED WARRANTY IS IN PLACE OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. KBRS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING STATUTORY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN. Responsibility of OthersInspection of the unit is the responsibility of the owner or applicator prior to installation. This is to ensure that the unit is free of damage or defects. Units that exhibit defects must not be installed. KBRS is not responsible for damages that could have been discovered by proper inspection and testing of the unit prior to installation. KBRS is also not responsible for damages occurring during the installation process or thereafter. It is the responsibility of the owner or applicator to understand and comply with all building codes. KBRS is not responsible for products installed that do not comply with all local, state, and federal building code requirements. Warranty RequirementsKBRS installation requirements can be obtained by calling Technical Services at 866-912-3211 or through www.kbrsinc.com. A ANSI A118.4 Bedding Mortar, KBRS Polyurethane Sealant, and KBRS Approved Waterproofing and Crack Prevention Membrane to qualify for this limited warranty. Claims ProceduresIf you wish to make a claim under this limited warranty, you must notify KBRS immediately in writing at: Technical Services, KBRS, Inc., 8406 Speedway Blvd., Hardeeville, SC 29927. Include any and all information related to an alleged defect of the installation. The claim must be submitted in a timely fashion, and evaluated by KBRS before any repair work is done. KBRS reserves the right to physically inspect any project with a claim pending prior to determining validity of the claim. Proof of purchase may be required. For any claim that is not valid, KBRS will be paid reasonable charges, including travel and labor, associated with investigation of such claim.Return Policy:KBRS, Inc. Return PolicyU.S. Return Policy - (Applies only to purchases directly from KBRS, Inc. - by internet, phone or fax)30-Day Return Period on Stock Product(s) and Accessories: KBRS values its relationship with you, and offers you the option to return stock product(s)* you purchase directly from KBRS. You may return the item(s) for a credit or a refund of the purchase price paid minus a 15% restocking fee (and any applicable sales tax - GA only), as set forth in detail below. [15% fee covers funds in and funds out and restocking of product(s)]Unless you have a separate agreement in writing with KBRS, Inc. or except as provided below, stock product(s)*, may be returned within 30 days from the invoiced date for a credit or a refund of the purchase price paid minus a 15% restocking fee and any applicable sales tax.Only the items for which you received a RMA number may be returned. For partial returns, your credit may be less than the invoice or individual component price.Custom product(s) or special orders are NOT eligible for return, credit or refund at any time. Unless the product is received defective or the return is a direct result of a KBRS, Inc. error.Make sure THE RMA # it is plainly visible on the outside of the package in large, dark print. Product(s) returned to KBRS without prior authorization will be considered an unauthorized return, and they will be rejected. The customer will not receive credit for the product and KBRS, Inc. will not ship the product back to you.How to Return a Product: (You MUST follow these steps below)Before returning a product, you MUST first contact KBRS, Inc. returns department and obtain a Return Material Authorization (RMA) number before the end of the applicable return period. KBRS, Inc. will not accept returns without a RMA number. Contact the returns department at 1-866-912-3211, or send an e-mail to returns@kbrsinc.com to request a RMA number. Please reuse the original packaging if possible to return the product(s), in as-new condition. All bundled products must be returned with all items included in the bundle. Examples are (APACK-1, APACK-2 and WPACK-1). Partial returns of these items will NOT be accepted. Upon receipt of your return, and pending inspection, KBRS will issue a credit or a refund of the purchase price paid minus a 25% restocking fee and any additional taxes that may apply. You must ship the product(s) you are returning at your own expense. We suggest that you insure the shipment or accept the risk of loss or damage during shipment; any/all damaged shipments will be refused.Please reuse the original packaging if possible. Make sure it is secured with tape and write THE RMA # where it is plainly visible on the outside of the package in large, dark print.Cancellations:If a customer request to cancel before the order ships the cancellation fee will be 10% to cover credit card transactions. Exceptions to KBRS 30-Day Return Period: KBRS, Inc. values its relationship with you, and we try to ensure that your product arrives on a timely basis and in excellent condition. However, damage can occur during shipping. Please inspect your shipment(s) immediately upon arrival. If there are any signs of damage, please make a written note on the shipping documents, and call us immediately. The restocking fee and any return shipping fees will be waived ONLY if the product is received defective or the return is a direct result of a KBRS, Inc. error.*Stock products are defined as products that are not custom or special orders. *Custom products are defined as those items that are made to your specifications and are not readily available for purchase. © 2017 ShowerBase.com & KBRS, Inc.