http://www.eltlift.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – ELT Engineered Lifting Technologies
Skip to content
ISO 9001:2015 Registered with DesignMANY ITEMS IN STOCK - CONTACT US FOR AVAILABILITY1-855-800-9568
ABOUT one
Off-The Shelf Solutions
Standard pre-configured products ready in approximately 7-10 business days.
Customized Solutions
Standard products can be configured to your specifications. We can also build custom sizes and capacities
One-Of-A-Kind Solutions
Our in-house design and engineering team can develop fully custom solutions to suit the most challenging applications.
twoApplications & Industries
Cargo, Warehouse & Port Goods
Construction
Energy
Manufacturing & Materials Handling
Steel & Metal Fabrication
About Us...
Safety & Quality
Quality Assurance
ISO Certification
OSHA Requirements
American Welding Society
PRODUCTS oneSpreader BeamsFixed Spreader BeamsAdjustable Spreader Beams (ASB)Telescoping Spreader Beams (TSB)Four Point Spreader BeamsLifting BeamsFixed Hook Lifting Beams (FHB)Adjustable Hook Lifting Beams (AHB)Four Point Lifting BeamsTwin Bail BeamstwoCrane Baskets & Skip PansMan BasketsMaterial Crane BasketsSkip PansCoil HandlingC-HooksNarrow Aisle Coil LifterTelescoping Coil LiftersthreePallet LiftersAdjustable Crane ForksFixed Crane ForkTelescoping Pallet LiftersForklift AttachmentsForklift BeamsForklift CuffsForklift BoomsForklift ExtensionsWork Platforms for ForkliftsfourWindmill Lifting ProductsHub BracketsLifting & Tailing BracketsNacelle BeamsStaging HooksSpecialized ProductsPipe HooksTelescoping Sheet LifterRESOURCES oneLiterature
Product Brochure
Re-Seller Brochure
MORE
twoVideos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJBbWt3JsAgELT has been an industry leader for over 20+ years in the Below-the-Hook Manufacturing business. Offering both standard and custom solutions, we are here to assist you with the right product for your lift.
More Videos...threeKnowledge Base
Recent Posts
Lifting Beam vs Spreader Beam
OSHA Standard for Crane Man Baskets
Getting to Know ELT
More...CONTACT US
Search for:
ABOUT About UsQuality AssuranceISO CertificationOSHA RequirementsPRODUCTS Spreader BeamsLifting BeamsFour Point Lifting BeamsTwin Bail BeamsCrane Baskets & Skip PansCoil HandlingPallet LiftersForklift AttachmentsWindmill Lifting ProductsPipe HooksTelescoping Sheet LifterRESOURCES LiteratureVideosKnowledge BaseCONTACT
Loading...
Privacy PolicyELT Lift2019-06-13T11:33:43-04:00
Privacy Policy
Updated May 19, 2019
Engineered Lifting Technologies, Inc./Kinedyne, Inc. are committed to ensuring your privacy is protected. Our Privacy Policy explains how your Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) is processed, stored and used. This Privacy Policy applies to all Engineered Lifting Technologies, Inc./Kinedyne, Inc. (“ELT, Inc.”, “ELT”, “Kinedyne”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) websites and brands, and any other website or online service that links to this Policy (our “Service”).
By submitting your PII to us, you are consenting to the collection and processing of your personal information in the United States and to our use of your personal information and any related information in the manner described in this Policy. If you are submitting PII of a third party to us, you warrant and represent you have their consent to provide their personal information to us and you will indemnify us and hold us harmless from and against claims by such individuals relating to our processing and use of such personal information within the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Basic Privacy Principles:
The following “Basic Privacy Principles” apply throughout our entire enterprise, whether we gather information through our sales representatives or our Web site.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide the best possible customer service experience inyour interactions with us, we collect:
Personally identifiable information when you voluntarily submitinformation to us by doing any of the following: register for anaccount, make a purchase, subscribe to our email list, post areview or participate in a survey. This may includeinformation such as your name, email address, home or workaddress and telephone number for any transaction on thewebsite, point-of-purchase transactions and any contests that wemay run.
Anonymous demographic information automatically collectedthat is not unique to you, such as age, gender, interests,preferences and location. Along with Information about thedevice you use, access times, and behavior when browsingthrough any of our websites.
WHAT WE DO WITH IT
We may disclose some of your Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) to one or more of our own service providers that we may use to fulfill services for you. We will reasonably assure that those service providers are obligated to maintain the confidentiality of your PII, implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information, to protect the personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure, and only use or disclose it for the purposes we hire them for or law enforcement purposes. We may also disclose some of your PII directly to one or more of our own service providers that we use to fulfill services for you.
We may also disclose PII to others if we are required to do so by law, to protect and defend the rights of ELT/Kinedyne, or in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event.
If you provide any PII to us as part of a sweepstakes or contest entry, we may disclose such information to any third-party service providers, sponsors or co-sponsors of the sweepstakes or contest. In that case, when you enter a contest or sweepstakes, you may become subject to the privacy policy of these parties in addition to this Privacy Policy.
The security of your PII is important to us. Although we cannot guarantee against loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or destruction of data, we use commercially reasonable security measures to protect you from such occurrences. If necessary and/or in accordance with the law, we will disclose to you any known or reasonably suspected breach in security involving your PII.
This Privacy Policy is intended to comply with applicable United States laws and regulations, including the laws of particular states where our headquarters and customers are located. Our headquarters is located in the United States and our Web site is targeted only to residents of the United States. If you are not a resident of the United States, please note that our information gathering practices may not be compliant with your own country’s laws and regulations, and you should not share your PII with us unless you are willing and able to be subject to United States laws concerning such disclosures.
Telephone and Credit Card Operations:
In addition to the Basic Privacy Principles discussed above, the following policies apply specifically to telephone interactions with our sales representatives.
When you submit a purchase order to us, we will obtain some of your Personally Identifiable Information including your payment information. We will only use that PII from your order for purposes concerning the fulfillment of your order. In doing so, your PII from an order may be used or shared among our different departments, representatives or service providers such as our sales offices, our warehouses, our headquarters, the manufacturers of products you have purchased, the freight carriers used to deliver products to you, installers or designers we have engaged to assist with your order, or our credit card merchant banks or other bankers. We will share only that portion of your PII with third parties that is reasonably required to fulfill your order, and those third parties will be contractually obligated to use the PII only for order-fulfillment purposes.
We will comply with our credit card merchant banks’ requirements for the use and storage of your credit card information, such as obligations concerning the security of your credit card numbers, as well as any laws that apply to that information’s use and storage.
Web Site:
In addition to the Basic Privacy Principles discussed above, the following policies apply specifically to our Web sites: (ELTLift.com, bridgebearings.com).
Our Web site may allow you to browse our products and submit inquiries in a web form that may be provided, in whole or in part, by one or more third party web services providers. The portions of our Web site that allow you to submit an inquiry by giving your personal information use industry standard encryption methods such as secure-socket layer (‘HTTPS’) technology to protect your information while in transit between your computer, our computers, and our third party web service providers’ systems.
Once your inquiry has been received by us through the web form system, we will then process and fulfill your request subject to the privacy policies described above. Our third party web service providers are under contract with us to maintain the confidentiality and security of your sensitive personal information, and not to use it for any purpose other than assisting with the submission of your inquiry.
Anonymous, non-Personally Identifiable Information such as your IP address, domain server, type of computer or device, type of web browser, and addresses of referring site, also known as traffic data, may be collected and used for web analytics, to approximate a user’s location, monitor fraudulent orders, and to diagnose problems with our server and administer our site. We may have functionality on our Web site that is provided, in whole or in part, by a third party service provider.
You can usually identify such third-party functionality by the use of a trademark not owned by ELT/Kinedyne on or near the functionality. In that case, when you use thate functionality, you become subject to the terms of use and privacy policy of this third party in addition to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use of our Web site. In some cases, you may need to visit that party’s web site and locate the terms of use and privacy policy.
For example, we may use a third-party service to prevent robots from being able to crawl and spam our site. Within the site, you may be required to perform a simple “test” to submit information to us to confirm that you are a human and not a robot. This allows us to better protect the information you submit to us and allows our customer service team to focus on what matters most – servicing you.
OUR USE OF COOKIES
We may also use cookies, pixel tags, action tags and similar tags (?)to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer when you visit a web site. A persistent cookie stores information so when you end a session visiting a web site and return to the same web site at a later date the cookie information is still available. Cookies and tags allow us to compile statistics and other information about how you use our site. We may use this data to personalize your Web shopping experience based on your prior visits to our Web site. We may also use this data to analyze trends and improve the usability of our site as well as to administer the site and gather broad demographic statistics. We may also share such non-Personally Identifiable Information with third parties on an aggregate basis.
In addition, we may use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site, and your interaction with our products and services. They may use cookies and other online tools such as pixel tags, action tags and similar tags to serve ads and personalize your Web shopping experience based on your prior visits to our Web site. They may also use information about your visits to our Web site and other Web sites to target advertisements for products and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a cookie. No PII is collected or used in this process.
These third-party service providers do not know your name, phone number, address, email address, or any other personally identifying information about you.
Our site responds to a web browser’s block of persistent cookies by refraining from using our anonymous cookie.
Our site may contain links to other Internet web sites that we think you may find of interest. We are not responsible for the content of these sites, nor do we control, sponsor, endorse or approve them. Your use of those links is at your own risk.
We use Google Analytics cookies to collect information and track behavior anonymously that allows us to look at user trends without identifying individuals. You can opt-out of this by using the Google Network Advertising initiative opt-out or installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser extension here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
HOW WE SECURE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We are committed to the security of your personal information. We secure all information you provide to us on our own secure servers which are only accessible by you and ELTLift.com or bridgebearings.com. Any external parties are denied access to your information. We use SSL encryption protocol and a secure credit card processor service to protect sensitive financial data during transactions. We continuously review our network security and compliance with the PCI DSS standard.
As a user of our website, you are a part of the ELT/Kinedyne family. We rely on you to help us and the online community. If you suspect a personal data breach, please contact data.privacy@eltlift.com or call 1-888-358-5438 immediately. If we find a data breach has occurred, we will take responsive action and notify users via in-site notification within 72 hours.
YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking “unsubscribe” at the bottom of the email, sending an email to data.privacy@eltlift.com or calling us at 1-888-538-5438 and ask to have your information removed from our database and/or mailing list. Please note that you may still receive any mailings already in process when you make your request.
Google Analytics advertising: You can opt-out of this by using the Google Network Advertising initiative opt-out or installing the Google Analytics opt-out extension on your browser.
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track browser mechanism is in place. Some of the opt-out will be effective only if your browser is set to accept cookies. Deleting cookies, changing your browser settings, switching computers, browsers, or operating systems will make you have to opt-out again.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY:We reserve the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy at any time. If we do make changes, we will post changes on the Privacy Policy page on the website to ensure transparency to our users.
Notice to California Customers – Your California Privacy Rights:
California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code Section 1798.83, gives California residents the right to ask companies once a year what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information defined in that law, and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared personal information for the immediately prior calendar year.
If you would like to ask for information under the “Shine the Light” law, please send an email request to our Privacy Officer (see below)eltliftELT/Kinedyne 3566 South Benzing RoadOrchard Park127ELTLift and bridgebearings.comareELT/Kinedyne ly with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject to help us appropriately identify your question. Please include your mailing address and state of residence so we can provide a response.
Privacy Officer
Please direct any questions or comments regarding our Privacy Policy to the office of our Privacy Officer:
Privacy Officer
About Us Design Material Handling Processing Fabrication
Designed. Built and Tested in the USA. All lifting fixtures are designed, engineered, assembled and tested in Orchard Park, NY, USA
Learn More
Quick Links Lifting Beams
Spreader Beams
Coil Handling
Pallet Lifters
Forklift Attachments
Crane Baskets & Skip Pans
Windmill Lifting Products
Load Testing Services
Quick Links Custom Solutions
About Us
Applications & Industries
Safety & Quality
Literature
Knowledge Base
Credit Application
Careers
Contact Us
Contact Us Today
ELT Inc.
3566 S. Benzing Road
Orchard Park, NY 14127
Toll Free
1-855-800-9568
webinfo@eltlift.com
Monday - Friday: 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM
COPYRIGHT Engineered Lifting Technologies   |   ALL RIGHTS RESERVED   |   PRIVACY POLICY
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInEmail
Go to Top