https://www.santec-printing-parts.com/privacy-policy.html
HOME
Press Parts
Main Menu
Blanket Wash Cloth Rolls
Wash-Up Blades
Fountain Solution Filters
Foam Glue Pads
CPC Liners
Bearer Wipes
Hickey Picker Fingers
Pressroom Wipes
Custom Solutions
View All Press Parts
Nonwovens Converting
Face Mask Material
Wipes
FAQs
Request Quote
Contact Us
About Us
…
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
SANTEC CORPORATION appreciates your visit to our website and your interest in our products. At SANTEC CORPORATION, your right to privacy and data security is our primary concern. We want you to feel comfortable visiting our site. By accessing or using the web site of SANTEC CORPORATION, you agree to our Legal Terms as outlined below.
Personal Data
Under some circumstances, i.e. when ordering printing materials, SANTEC CORPORATION may provide you with a form to enter personal information about yourself. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. We need your personal information only to process your inquiry correctly. All data will be treated confidentially: SANTEC does not share user data with third parties.
Security
SANTEC CORPORATION recognizes that your privacy and security are of the utmost importance, and we have devoted a great deal of effort to ensure that your personal information is safeguarded. In order to secure highest security standards we use technical and organizational security measures. Our security measures are continually updated as new technology becomes available.
Data Protection Officer
If you have further question regarding the security of your personal data, you can refer to our Group Data Protection Officer.
Laura Lombardo
SANTEC CORPORATION
84 Old Gate Lane
Milford CT 06460
E-mail: laura.l@santeccorp.com
Legal Disclaimer
SANTEC CORPORATION will make every effort to include accurate and complete information on this web site. However, SANTEC makes no warranties of any kind that the information provided through this web site is accurate, complete or current.
Links
SANTEC CORPORATION is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. The hypertext links provided herein are meant only as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by SANTEC CORPORATION of the referenced site.
Cookies
Our web sites use "cookies." A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, estimate our audience size, process your order, track your order status, and/or analyze your visiting patterns. You can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
We may contract with third parties who may use cookies and collect information on our behalf. These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our Service Providers.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web site. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. This policy was posted in November 2005.
Your Feedback
To help us improve our privacy policy and practice, please give us your feedback. You may email us or write to us at
Laura Lombardo
SANTEC CORPORATION
84 Old Gate Lane
Milford CT 06460