https://www.amramp.com/privacy-policy/
Amramp is committed to the privacy of our customers and users of this website. This Privacy Policy governs how Amramp uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from visitors and users of this website. It only governs information collected online through our website, not to information collected offline. By using our website you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
Amramp may request or collect personal information from visitors to our website in a variety of ways, including through online forms (such as our Request Information, Schedule and Estimate, Contact Us and Franchise Applications A and B) form and through Google Analytics, which collects demographic information of visitors to our website. The personally identifying data collected may include:
Your first name and last name
Your email address
Your phone number
Your location – city/state/postal code
Your age
Your gender
The transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure and, therefore, Amramp cannot guarantee the security of the data you transmit to our website; any such transmission is at your own risk.
Cookies
Amramp may also collect information about how visitors to our website access the website using a tracking ID unique to each visitor through the use of cookies. Cookies are pieces of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For session ID cookies, once you close your browser or log out, the cookie terminates and is erased. Session ID cookies may be used by us to track user preferences while the user is visiting the website. They also help to minimize load times and save on server processing. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on your computer’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies may be used by us to store certain information. Your browser’s help file contains information and instructions for removing persistent cookies. Cookies used on the Amramp website do not contain personally identifiable information.
Log Files
Like most standard websites, we use log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. However, none of the information stored in our log files, including but not limited to IP addresses, is linked to personally identifiable information.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of Amramp’s website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Amramp may implement certain tracking features supported by Google Analytics for Display Advertising Demographics and Interest Reporting. The data collected (age and gender) is used to better understand our visitors and help us provide the most relevant content we can. Amramp does not employ Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Remarketing usually allows third-party vendors, including Google, to show ads on sites across the Internet based on previous activity of website visitors
How We Use and Share the Information We Collect
Amramp will use the information to respond to your inquiry or other reason you contacted us. Amramp may also use the personally identifiable information we collect and share it with trusted third parties for research purposes regarding the effectiveness of our website services, marketing, advertising and sales efforts. WE WILL NOT SELL YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES OR IN ANY WAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH A THIRD PARTY FOR A THIRD PARTY’S MARKETING PURPOSES, UNLESS YOU SPECIFICALLY AUTHORIZE SUCH INFORMATION SHARING. Amramp may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from users to trusted third parties, investors and potential partners. In such cases, only statistical information will be disclosed and personally identifiable data will be kept strictly confidential.
In the event Amramp is sold, the information collected from users may be transferred to the new owners. We may from time to time engage third parties to preserve, analyze, or otherwise store or manipulate data received by us from our customers. In all such cases, third party service providers will be required to treat all such data with the same degree of care as Amramp and they will be prohibited from disclosing such data to any other person or party, except as otherwise provided for in this Privacy Policy. Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law, if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary and required to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, subpoena or other legal process served on Amramp.
Maintenance and Protection of Information
We take precautions to protect your information. The information that we collect is saved indefinitely and may be stored on one or more databases directly or indirectly maintained by Amramp. Amramp employs industry-standard security measures to protect the confidentiality of the information. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse, or alteration of data will not occur, we make every effort to prevent such occurrences.
Third Party Links
Our website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Amramp is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The Amramp Privacy Policy as described herein applies solely to information collected by Amramp. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about any of the websites we link to.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Amramp reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a new Privacy Policy on its website.
Questions
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or your own personal information, please send an email to info@amramp.com.
Request A Download
Request an Estimate