http://www.meddatsys.com/privacynotice
MEDICAL DATA SYSTEMS PRIVACY NOTICE
The basis of each customer relationship at Medical Data Systems is built on trust. You have chosen to do business with Medical Data Systems, and we guard that relationship with great care, beginning with the information you have chosen to share with us.
Medical Data Systems Corporation, its family of services companies (“affiliates”) and employees, are dedicated to protecting the privacy of your nonpublic personal information. We maintain information about you in order to provide you with the most effective and convenient access to our broad range of products and services. We want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and protect it. This notice serves as a standard for all Medical Data Systems employees for collection, use, retention and security of nonpublic personal consumer information.
What Information We Collect:
“Nonpublic personal information” is information about you that we obtain in connection with providing a financial product or service. Such information includes for example, account balance, income, assets, insurance premiums, payment history and other information. We may collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information that you provide to us, such as on applications or other forms
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others, or
Information from others, such as credit bureaus, real estate appraisers, and employers
Our Security Procedures:
To maintain security of customer information, we restrict access to your personal and account information to persons who need to know that information to provide you products or services. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard information.
What Information We Disclose : Medical Data Systems does not disclose nonpublic personal information about you to any companies that are not members of our corporate family (“third parties”), except as permitted by federal law. The confidentiality of your nonpublic personal information will continue to be maintained consistent with this privacy notice even if you decide to close your account(s), your account becomes inactive, or when you otherwise cease to do business with us.
Medical Data Systems works with a variety of third parties. We disclose information about you as necessary to fulfill these third party service agreements. We may also disclose information about you to governmental entities, such as sending annual income statements to the IRS, and to other third parties such as credit bureaus, or in response to subpoenas.
We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, to third parties that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions, such as insurance providers, with whom we have joint marketing agreements. These third parties must agree to strict confidentiality provisions to assure the protection of your information. Because we already limit the sharing of your nonpublic personal information as outlined above, no action is necessary on your part to limit such sharing.
Fair Credit Reporting Act Disclosure:
We share information about you with our affiliates. Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act you may direct us not to share certain credit information with our affiliates. Examples of the kind of credit information that you may direct us not to share include the nonpublic personal information you provide in your application or that we obtain about you from nonaffiliated third parties such as credit bureaus. If you don’t want such information shared you may write to us at
Medical Data Systems
755 West NASA Boulevard
Melbourne, FL 32901-3009
Please provide your name, address, social security number and account number(s).
(NOTE: If you have previously requested that we restrict such sharing you do not need to make another request.) Your request not to share credit information does not include information we are permitted to share by law, such as information related solely to our experiences or transactions with you. Your account balance and payment history are examples of transaction and experience information that we are always permitted to share with our affiliates.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act : We do not collect any information on our Web site from children under the age of 13.
Under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, operators of commercial Web sites or online services directed to children under 13 must provide clear notice and require parental consent before actively or passively collecting individually identifiable information about a child. Medical Data Systems does not engage in this practice.
Medical Data Systems’s Pledge to You:
We believe that your privacy should never be compromised. At the same time, we want to offer you the array of financial products and services you need to accomplish your financial goals. We believe we can do both by adhering to the provisions of this privacy notice.
Effective Date and Changes:
The effective date of this Privacy Notice is provided below.
Any updates or changes to the Notice will be posted on this web site.
Consumers who are Medical Data Systems customers will be notified of updates’ and changes in accordance with federal law.
Trademark and Copyright Notifications
Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.
LinkedIn, the LinkedIn logo, the IN logo and InMail are registered trademarks or trademarks of LinkedIn Corporation and its
affiliates in the United States and/or other countries
Information of California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) grants California residents certain additional privacy rights. The CCPA does not encompass “protected health information” that is governed by HIPAA or “medical information” that is governed by the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act.
Read more
Effective Date 9/22/2020
This Privacy Act Notice (“Notice”) is provided by Medical Data Systems, Inc. This company is referred to in this Notice as “we” or “us.”
Maintaining the privacy and security of your personal information is important to us.
We also want to provide transparency regarding how and why your data is collected, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared. This document sets forth how we will interact with your personal information. In addition, if you are a resident of California, it provides information on how you may exercise your California legal privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
It is important to note that we do not sell your data.
Because such sales do not occur and would violate company policy, there is no link on our websites to opt-out of such activity.
The following are some general notes about our practices related to the collection, use and sharing of consumer data:
As an Accounts Receivable Management company, it is necessary for us to collect certain personal information from and/or about you in order to provide our services to our clients and to comply with the federal and state laws and other legal obligations. Below is a list of categories of data we may collect about you:
Personal unique identifiers, such as your full name and federal or state issued identification numbers including Social Security number;
Personal information, including contact details, such as telephone number and address, financial information, such as account number and balance, payment card details, including credit and debit card numbers, as well as medical and health insurance information;
Characteristics of protected classes or groups under state or federal law, such as sex, marital status, or military status;
Audio data (for example, voice recordings when you contact us or leave us a voicemail;)
Professional or employment-related information; and
Inferences based on information about you to create a summary.
The sources from which we collect Personal Data depend on, among other things, our relationship or interaction with you. The information below lists the categories of sources from which we collect Personal Data in different contexts:
From you directly, or other individuals acting on your behalf, through physical (written communication), audible (telephone communication), or electronic (email, website, or social media) sources;
From your account documents provided to us by our clients;
From public records or widely available sources, including information from the media, and other records and information that are made available by federal, state, or local government entities;
From outside companies or organizations that provide data to support our activities. (such as consumer credit reporting agencies.)
During the past 12 months, we may have disclosed some of the categories of Personal Data listed above for our business purposes. We have not, however, sold Personal Data that is subject to the CCPA’s sale limitations.
It is also necessary for us to share certain client data with affiliates and/or trusted service providers in order to provide our products and services and to comply with legal and contractual obligations. When engaging such service providers, we ensure that such partners will maintain the information in accordance with our privacy and security standards and only use the data for the use(s) specified in the contract.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Data depend on, among other things, our relationship or interaction with you. The information below lists the categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Data in different contexts;
Service Providers who support our operations or business management and development (Examples include payment processors, consumer credit reporting agencies, mailing services and other companies or organizations from whom we received products or services;)
Third parties to whom you authorize us, directly or indirectly, to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you;
Companies or individuals that represent you such as an attorney, accountant, or persons holding power of attorney;
Courts and other Government agencies including to support regulatory and legal requirements.
If you are a resident of California, you have a right under the CCPA to request that we disclose categories of information we may have collected about you over the last 12 months, the categories of sources from which that information was collected, the business or commercial purpose(s) for which the information was collected, and the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
You may submit requests for more information by info@meddatsys.com.
You may also submit requests by calling (877) 521-6773.
All requests must be verified prior to receiving a response. Information submitted for verification purposes will only be used to verify the requestor’s identity and/or authority to make a request on another’s behalf.
Requests made on another person’s behalf can only be accepted upon receipt of documentation that the requestor is an authorized agent, parent or legal guardian of the consumer whose information is being requested. This will require the submission of a valid Power of Attorney, Birth Certificate, Guardianship Order or other court order granting authority to receive information, as appropriate.
Upon submission of a request, you will receive an initial response confirming receipt within 10 days. A full response will be provided to you within 45 days (unless an extension of up to 45 additional days is requested).
If you are a resident of California, you also have a right under the CCPA to request deletion of your Personal Information collected or maintained by us.
The submission methods, authentication protocols, and time frames for response are identical to those referenced above. Keep in mind that legal exemptions may apply to these requests. For example, we cannot delete data provided by a client to service an account if such data is still needed to provide our service and/or meet legal retention requirements.
The submission of a Right to Access or Right to Request Deletion request will have no impact on the service you receive from us and it will not result in any different prices, rates or offers you may receive.
This California Consumer Privacy Notice may be revised from time to time, so please review this page periodically. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised notice on the site (please note the effective date listed at the top of this page). If we revise this or other privacy notices in a manner that materially changes our privacy practices, we will provide you direct notice.
If you have any questions or comments on this notice or our privacy practices generally, please contact us at (877) 521-6773.
"