https://www.promotional-items-inc.com/tos-privacy.html
Menu888-522-2803 | 501-262-9222
× close
APPAREL
T Shirts
Polo Shirts
Imprinted Caps
Embroidered Hats
Hats and Caps
Camo Hats
BAGS
Backpacks
Drawstring Backpacks
Cheap Tote Bags
Tote Bags
Portfolio Messenger Bags
Padfolios - Organizers
Laptop Backpacks
Laptop Bags
Sports Bags
CALENDARS
Advertising Calendars
Large Wall Calendars
COOLERS - JUGS
Grizzly® Coolers
Coleman® Coolers - Water Jugs
Koozie® Coolers
Koozie® Lunch Bags
Soft Side Coolers
Soft Side Lunch Coolers
Bubba Keg Water Jugs
DRINKWARE
Promotional Water Bottles
Thermoserv® Mugs
Camelbak® Water Bottles
Custom Water Bottles
Custom Cups
Cheap Stadium Cups
Color Changing Cups
Cheap Plastic Beer Mugs
Koozies® - Can & Bottle
Coozies - Can & Bottle
Frosted Cups - 9 oz to 24 oz
Foam Cups 8 oz to 32 oz
Tumbler Cups - Lids - Straws
Mason Jar - Beer Mugs - Drink Glasses
Glassware Gift Sets
Stainless Steel Mugs - Tumblers - Thermos Gift Sets
4CP Coffee Mugs
Coffee Cups - Mugs
Logo Coffee Mugs
Plastic Mugs
ELECTIONS
Political Campaign Kits
Election - Political Giveaways
GIVEAWAYS
Badge Holders - Lanyards
Trade Show Plastic Bags
Chip Clips - Bag Clips - Can Lids
Stress Balls
Custom Keychains
Key Rings
Jar Openers
Kitchen Products
Bank Bags - Coin Bags - Coin Purses
Letter Openers
HEALTH - PERSONAL CARE
Lip Balm
Hand Sanitizer
Personal Care Products
Sun Screen
Travel Care Products
First Aid Kits - Bandage Holders
Pill Boxes - Organizers
Pedometers - Steppers
FLASHLIGHTS
Promotional Flashlights
MAG LITE Flashlights
HOLIDAY FOOD GIFTS - MINTS
Mints - Mint Tins
Jelly Belly® Jelly Beans
Chocolate Gifts
Replica Trucks w/ Candy - Nuts
Maple Ridge Farms™ Chocolates - Nuts
Maple Ridge Farms™ Holiday Food Gifts
NOTEPADS
Sticky Note Cubes - Wood Pallet
Notepad Cubes - Wood Pallet
Printed Notepads
Bic Note Pads
Bic Sticky Note Pads
Post it Notes
PENS
Bic Pens
Cheap Pens
Custom Metal Pens
Custom Sharpies
Paper Mate Pens
Uniball Pens
Highlighters
Pencils
OUTDOORS - LEISURE
Balls - Mini Balls - Beach Balls
Frisbees - Folding Frisbees
Beach Mats & Yoga Mats
Blankets Printed - Embroidered
Logo Chairs - Folding Chairs
Rainkist® Umbrellas
Stadium Seat Cushions
Rain Ponchos
Schools and Sports Boosters
Golf - Golf Balls
RAIN GAUGES - YARDSTICKS
Thermometers - Rain Gauges
Yardsticks - Walking Sticks
Rulers - Wood - Plastic
TECH
Flash Drives | Mouse Pads
Ear Buds
Power Banks
TOOLS - KNIVES
Victorinox® Swiss Army Knives
Engraved Buck® Knives
Engraved Leatherman® Tools
Screwdrivers
Multi Tools
Tape Measures
WATCHES
Pulsar®
Fossil®
Bulova®
Seiko®
Citizen®
Movado®
ProductsPII | Terms of Service (s) TOS and Privacy Policy (s)
PII | Terms of Service (s) TOS and Privacy Policy (s)
Promotional Items, Inc.™ invites you to review terms of service (s) for use of the
company website, product (s) contact (s) and PII company privacy policy (s).
Promotional Items, Inc.™ Terms of Service (TOS)
TOS Updated February 17, 2016
Promotional Items, Inc.™ shall be referred to here after as PII unless our company PII deems differently.
This does include any and all PII affiliates to be determined solely by PII at any time PII may choose.
You, a website visitor or contactor shall be referred to here after as you, You, your, Your, contactor
applying as all mentioned to be a person, business, organization, entity (s) or government agency.
These definitions means it is you to whom PII terms of service applies certainly in it's entirety.
By your use of our PII company website and all the services and products provided whether outlined
on this page or not you are agreeing to the terms. In addition this includes use of our PII company
website Contact (s) information which includes the PII address, phone numbers, email contacts,
messaging, fax numbers and any other means of legal communication including social media.
Using our Services
PII may change terms of service at any time in the future without update notification.
You must adhere and or follow any and all terms set and or made available to you.
PII TOS may affect your desire or will to use the PII website or make Contact (s).
PII affords You the right to immediately Not use PII services-products-contacts.
PII does Not afford you the right to cancel any order (s) nor contest charges.
PII does afford you the right to exit the PII website immediately without any
finalizing-signing any order (s) of Your own freewill-Now-with no recourse.
NOTE:
You may NOT use the PII website or social media pages if you are under the legal
age of 18 years without the supervision of your parent (s) or legal guardian (s).
PII Website Services and or Products
PII with an internet presence located at https://www.promotional-items-inc.com
offers to all within the USA, Canada and Worldwide the opportunity to shop
or browse our products with the formal intent to place a bona fide order
for promotional items: promotional products, promotional giveaways,
advertising gifts, promotional merchandise, corporate gifts, swag
or any other common name synonymous to promotional items.
Additionally PII offers live purchase support thru Contact (s).
PII sells items with your logo available to buy in bulk order.
All sales or consummated orders are final and without
recourse. All damage or defect claims of any kind
for merchandise received must be made within
ten business days of delivery, no exceptions.
Orders signed by You are non-cancelable.
A signed order(s) cannot be canceled by
YOU-Cardholder nor Stake Holder nor
Company, nor any Entity of any kind.
There's no 'buyers remorse" clause.
PII Right To Provide or Refuse
or Terminate Service (s)
1. PII reserves the right to refuse and or terminate service to You.
2. PII reserves the right to accept or reject any order(s) whether by
or on the PII website or by any other contact, communication method.
3. PII reserves the right to determine what constitutes service to You and
any disputes by You shall be litigated at PII discretion in a legal jurisdiction to
be determined by PII and You shall be responsible for any and all court costs-fees,
legal costs including depositions, stenographers, attorneys fees, filing fees, travel costs,
hotel costs, meals costs, tips cost, entertainment costs for PII and PII affiliates paid by You
regardless of litigation outcome. All the aforementioned costs for a PII appeal will be paid by You.
4. PII reserves the right to define affiliates which includes but not limited to all personnel employed
by PII, the PII order processing facility, the PII factory sources and all vendors of the aforementioned.
5. PII reserves the right to provide or refuse or terminate Service (s) with or without monetary exchange.
6. PII reserves the right to determine what constitutes wholesome product and or properly imprinted items.
7. PII reserves the right to Refuse or Terminate Service (s) to You for any unlawful or vulgar actions by You.
8. PII reserves the right to Refuse or Terminate Service (s) to You at any time PII chooses without notification.
Indemnifications For You Using PII Service (s) - Product (s) - Contact (s) Information
1. You will hold PII blameless and do indemnify PII against all claims by the use of PII product (s).
2. You will hold PII blameless and do indemnify PII against all claims by your use of PII service (s).
3. You will hold PII blameless and do indemnify PII against all claims by Your use of the PII website.
4. You will hold PII blameless and do indemnify PII against all claims by use PII contact (s) information.
5. You will hold PII blameless and do indemnify PII against all claims concerning logo usage or logo art.
6. You will hold PII blameless and do indemnify PII against all claims arising from non supervised children.
7. You will hold PII blameless and do indemnify PII against all claims arising from purchases made by children.
8. You will hold PII blameless and do indemnify PII against all claims arising from PII TOS all third party claims.
9. You will hold PII blameless and do indemnify PII against all claims arising from the use of alcoholic beverages,
drugs whether prescription medication or illegal drugs, in or around item (s) sold by PII for school-college-university-
individual-family-wedding-religious-public-political-business-organization-government gathering or event or promotion.
10. You will hold PII blameless and do indemnify PII against all claims arising from the use of PII social media page (s).
11. You will hold PII blameless and do indemnify PII against all claims arising from Your religious or non religious beliefs.
12. You will hold PII blameless and do indemnify PII against all claims by Your using PII Services (s) Product (s) Contact (s).
PII Content and You
All content contained within the code-pages-images of the PII website https://www.promotional-items-inc.com
is not for resale nor subject to any possession nor claims by You and is expressly the sole property of PII.
Therefore You may NOT download the property of PII for monetary gain whether that occurs or not.
1. Exception is made for resellers of promotional products to download images for presentation to
the resellers customers with the express intention of placing a promotional items order with PII.
The reseller must NOT download for display our content in any permanent fashion for gain.
2. Exception is made for You the visitor-purchaser-end user for consideration of directly
placing an order with PII and not willing to possess our content for monetary gain.
3. Exception is made for any and all bona fide educational purposes by the
Students of legal age or with the permission of their educational facility
for or as an educational assignment, learning enrichment experience.
4. Exception is made for internet search providers or engines such
as: Google.com | MSN.com | Bing.com | Yahoo.com | AOL.com
and all of their USA and Worldwide subsidiaries for the search
and or image result (s) they choose to display accordingly as
to their individual or collective authorities for useful content.
5. Exception is made for those with NO malevolent purposes,
with the express reason of praising PII on social media sites.
5. NO exception is made for any malevolent purpose and or
any disparaging public comments concerning PII content
all whom do or attempt to do so will be fully prosecuted.
PII Warranties and Disclaimers
PII provides Service (s) Products (s) Contact (s) presented in a commercial manor and representative of business skills.
We hope that you enjoy doing business using PII Service (s) Product (s) Contact (s) however PII cannot please everyone.
Other than as expressly set forth in our TOS PII nor Order Processing nor Factory (s) nor any PII Affiliate (s) make specific
claims or promises concerning our Service (s) Product (s) Contact (s) excepting only that which we do promise to adhere to.
PII does not make any express commitments concerning the content we present, the suitability for the purposes of reliability,
availability, function ability, look, feel, see, hear, taste, smell, touch nor any expectations You determine, real and or imagined.
All Service (s) Product (s) Contact (s) are provided at the convenience and pleasure of PII and are provided expressly "AS IS".
Liability for PII Service (s) Product (s) Contact (s)
PII and
All Order Processing Facility (s) and All Factory (s) Sources and All PII Affiliate (s) will not be responsible for Your
loses or resulting claims, real or imagined, for lost profits, revenues, reputation, implied reputation or any other claim (s).
Implied warranties are limited to the amount You paid for the Service (s) You purchased from PII or if PII does choose,
to replace the products and or services PII provided to You whether initiated by the use of PII website or Contact (s).
PII and All Affiliate (s) will not be liable for any loss or damage to You that is not in PII reasoning totally foreseeable.
Severability of All Language Content and or Provisions of PII Terms of Service - TOS
PII, PII Order Processing, PII Factory Source (s) PII Affiliate (s) does Retain the Right of Severability should
You cause any single or multiple provisions of PII Terms of Service, Service (s) - Product (s) - Contact (s)
to be litigated as invalid by a court of law all remaining provisions remain and is in legal force by Your use.
Promotional Items, Inc.™ Privacy Policy
Updated February 17, 2016
Promotional Items, Inc.™ shall be referred to here after as PII unless our company PII deems differently.
This does include any and all PII Affiliate (s) to be determined solely by PII at a time PII may choose.
You, a website visitor or contactor shall be referred to here after as you, You, your, Your, contactor
applying as all mentioned to be a person, business, organization, entity (s) or government agency.
These definitions means it is You to whom PII Privacy Policy or Policy (s) applies in it's entirety.
By your use of our PII company website and all the services and products provided whether outlined
on this page or not you are agreeing to the Policy. In addition this includes use of our PII company
website Contact (s) information which includes the PII address, phone numbers, email contacts,
messaging, fax numbers and any other means of legal communication including social media.
PII does keep the Policy as simple as is possible and your information is safe with PII.
PII does maintain an internet presence at https://www.promotional-items-inc.com
All contact lines are land lands and are maintained to be reasonably foresee ably secure.
Information transmitted by You via the website is securely received via SSL encryption.
Information PII May Collect
By PII Website:
1. Cookies that will expire within 31 days.
Cookies are used to make content available to You and for your convenience at a later time placing an order.
2. Information in the fields located in the Shopping Cart and Checkout pages or the other Request pages.
The information provided by You in these fields is on a secure site received by PII SSL using encryption.
You or your agent by your use automatically do opt in to use PII Service (s) to share your information.
3. Your IP address if you transmit an Order or submit a Request using one of our forms on the site.
By PII Contact:
1. The information needed to accept, process, produce and ship your Order or fill your Request.
This includes Your name, bill to address, ship to address, email address, phone number, fax
number, payment information including credit card or electronic check all accepted by an
authorized PII account executive or employee via a reasonably secure phone land line.
Additionally PII may collect other information to process your order (s) or Request (s)
including information in Uniform Sales & Use Tax Certificates, State (s) issued
Sales Tax Exemption Certificates or Permits, W-9 forms and other forms
necessary to fulfill your order or Request as mandated by State (s) law.
PII Information Security
1. All contact lines are land lands and are maintained to be reasonably foresee ably secure.
2. No contact is initiated or performed by PII personnel using wireless, wi-fi or cellular.
3. Information transmitted via the website is securely received via SSL encryption.
4. Sensitive information received via the secure website is via a secure server.
To Whom Your Information or Parts of Information PII May Share
1. PII Order Processing & Art to facilitate the processing of your Order or Request.
This includes account information such as bill to, ship to information, credit card
information or e-Check information, your logo and or ad copy to be imprinted.
Order Processing is a secure facility with properly investigated employees.
2. PII factory (s) or factory sources receives only the information necessary to
produce and ship your order (s) such as Your logo, ad copy, ship to information.
3. Carriers such as FedEx, UPS or Your Carrier to pickup and deliver your Order (s).
PII shares only Your ship to information along with box contents when required by law.
4. Reviews posted on or to the PII website to the extent of the information YOU willingly provide.
PII will NOT share any personally identifiable information on PII Review (s) knowingly.
5. Federal or State Authorities or Law Enforcement Agencies as required by law.
At this writing PII believes this to be only with a court order. This may change.
PII Privacy Policy Warranties and Disclaimer
Rest assured that PII and all PII Affiliates do our professional best to keep the information
you provide to PII secure and private as is reasonably possible and will strive to do so.
However PII makes no claims to total and complete privacy as that is not possible.
PII or PII Affiliates do NOT and will NOT sell your information to third parties.
If You feel uncomfortable or not private at any time using the PII website and or contacting PII
we do Urge You to Protect Your Own Privacy by Closing Your Browser or Hang Up The Phone
as those are privacy parameters that You the Visitor, Customer, Contactor Do Willfully Control.
Thank you for your Business.
Promotional Products For Business - Organizations - Schools - Political Office - Government Agencies
Corporate Sales103 Catherine Park RoadHot Springs, Arkansas 71913
888-522-2803 | 501-262-9222
ProductsGuaranteeTOS/PrivacyCatalogGiftsBe A DealerArtPayment/TaxSatisfied Customers
© 2000 - 2020 Promotional Items, Inc.™ USA All Rights Reserved.