http://www.championinsurance.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Please review this information carefully.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII)’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII)’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII)’s websites choose to interact with Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) in ways that require Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at this website to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Use of Personal Data
Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) may collect aggregated statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) may monitor the most popular website account on this site. Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) may display this information publicly or provide it to others. Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII)’s behalf or to provide services available at Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII)’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII)’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII), third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) website and have supplied your email address, Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) and our products. We expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) uses cookies to help Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) identify and track visitors, their usage of Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) website, and their website access preferences. Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII)’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII)’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII)’s sole discretion. Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII) encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is available under a Creative Commons Share-alike license.
Contact Information
937-637-9695
mii@montgomeryii.comConnect with Us
Review Us
Refer a Friend
Thanks for your support over the years, we appreciate the opportunity to serve you!
Get in Touch Phone: 937.637.9695
Email: mii@montgomeryii.com
Main Office – Xenia, OH
Branch Office – Jamestown, OH
Branch Office – Beavercreek, OH
Connect with Us  Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Instagram
Check out the background of firms and investment professionals on FINRA's BrokerCheck
©2020 Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII), Advisory services offered through Investment Advisor Representatives of Cambridge Investment Research Advisors, Inc., a Registered Investment Advisor. Securities offered through Registered Representatives of Cambridge Investment Research, Inc., a Broker/Dealer, Member FINRA/SIPC. Each company is independently responsible for the products and services they provide. Representatives of Cambridge Investment Research, Inc. do not provide tax or legal advice in their roles as registered representatives. Cambridge and Montgomery Insurance & Investments and its subsidiaries are separate entities.
Diversification and asset allocation strategies do not assure profit or protect against losses.
Eric Montgomery and Don Cain are registered representatives of Cambridge Investment Research, Inc., a broker-dealer, member FINRA/SIPC. They are collectively registered in the following states: AL, AR, AZ, CA, CO, DC, FL, GA, IL, IN, KY, MA, MD, MI, MO, NC, NY, OH, PA, TX, VA,VT, WA, and WI
© 2020 Montgomery Insurance & Investments (MII).
All rights reserved. | Privacy PolicyPowered by Forge3 ActiveAgency.
Our Story
Our History
Our Culture
Our Keystone Partnership
Going Green
Our Team
Our Partners
Your Solutions
Insurance
Personal Insurance
Business Insurance
Financial Services
Health, Benefits, & Medicare
Corporate Health and Benefits
Medicare
Tax Preparation
Existing Client Service Center
New Client Contact Center
Advice
Advice
Blog
Resources
mii@montgomeryii.com
Call 937-637-9695
View Power Panels