http://www.firstchoicecu.com/resources/privacy-notice
PRIVACY NOTICE
PRIVACY NOTICE
First Choice Credit Union is committed to offering financial products and services that enable our members to meet their financial needs and reach financial goals.
Protecting the personal information of our members is a high priority for everyone associated with our credit union.
Under federal law, we are required to give you this privacy notice.
It describes our policy and practices about the personal information we collect and disclose about our members.
It also includes information about the parties we partner with who receive personal and nonpublic information from us as we conduct the business of our credit union.
INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM MEMBERS
Our credit union will collect only the personal information that is necessary to conduct our business.
We collect nonpublic personal information about our members from the following sources:
Information we receive on member applications and other forms
Information about member transactions with us
Information we obtain when verifying the information provided on an application or other form; this may be obtained from current or past employers or from other institutions where members conduct financial transactions
We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, as permitted by law.
PARTIES WHO RECEIVE INFORMATION FROM US
We may disclose nonpublic personal information about our members to the following types of third parties:
Financial service providers, such as insurance companies and mortgage service companies
Non-financial companies, such as consumer reporting agencies, data processors, check/share draft printers, plastic card processors, and government agencies
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO PARTIES THAT PROVIDE SERVICES TO US
In order for us to conduct the business of the credit union, we may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements, to other companies that perform marketing services on our behalf, or to nonaffiliated third parties for the purposes of processing and servicing transactions that our members request or authorize, so that we may provide our members competitive products and services.
Our joint marketing partners include Cuna Mutual Group and Visa.
We may also disclose nonpublic personal information about our members under circumstances as permitted or required by law.
These disclosures typically include information to process transactions on behalf of our members, conduct the operations of our credit union, follow instructions authorized by our members, or protect the security of our financial records.
To protect the privacy of our members, First Choice Credit Union will only work with companies that agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of information we provide.
We do not permit these companies to sell the information we provide to telemarketing firms or other third parties.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ABOUT FORMER MEMBERS
We have the same policy about disclosing information about former members as we do current members.
HOW WE PROTECT MEMBER INFORMATION
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information to only those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to our members.
We maintain physical, electronic, or procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard nonpublic personal information.
WHAT MEMBERS CAN DO TO HELP
First Choice Credit Union is committed to protecting the privacy of its members.
As a member of our credit union, you also have a responsibility to safeguard your financial information.
Members can help by following these simple guidelines:
Protect your account numbers, plastic card numbers, PINS (personal identification numbers) and passwords.
Never keep your PIN with your card.
Use caution when disclosing your account numbers or social security number to other persons.
If someone calls you explaining the call is on behalf of the credit union and asks for your account number, you should beware.
Official credit union staff will have access to your information and will not need to ask for it.
Keep your contact information with us current.
Please let us know if your address or phone number changes.
It is important that we have current information on how to reach you.
If we detect fraudulent or unauthorized activity or use of an account, we will attempt to contact you immediately.
We are here to serve you.
If you have questions about this notice please contact us at:
815-434-5860
Or write to:
First Choice Credit Union
311 E. Joliet St.
Ottawa, IL 61350
FAQs
Contact Us