http://www.gbslinens.com/about_us/policies
GBS Linens
GBS Linens
Fabrics
Inspiration
Gallery
Seasonal Lookbooks
Table Matrix
Design Notebooks
Services
What We Offer
Deliveries & Shipping
Sales Tools
Info
Order Policies
FAQ
Our Responsibility
Press Room
About Us
Management Bios
Client Portal
e-Payments & Invoices
Submit an Order
Contact
Locations
Careers
Contact Us
Go
Dedicated to protecting your privacy.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Dedicated to protecting your privacy.
1. Information Collection
GBS Linens collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site. In general, you can visit the GBS Linens Web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We track internet addresses from which people visit us and the user’s browser which lets us know the type of computer and operating system being used. This allows us to analyze the information as to which parts of our site users spend their time but does not give us any personal information about the user. Specifically, a user’s session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous. Sometimes however, we will ask you to voluntarily provide information about yourself. Generally this information is requested when you are asked to fill out a contact form or during correspondence with us. Occasionally, we may use this information when we notify you about important changes to the Web site. GBS Linens does not collect any personally identifiable financial or health-related information. However, you may be asked to provide information, including but not limited to, your name, company name, e-mail address, postal address and telephone number. You make the decision whether to proceed with any activity that requests personal information. If you do not wish to provide the requested information, you may not be able to complete the applicable transaction.
2. Information Use
GBS Linens is the owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, trade or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this privacy policy. GBS Linens collects information from several points on our website. When we capture such information about your session or about you, we may use it for research or to improve our Web site and the services we offer you. We will ask you if you want us to use the information you provide to continue contact with you. The mediums in which we may contact you are including but not limited to e-mail, telephone, or postal mail (for example, to send you information or special offers, or for other marketing purposes). We will not contact you unless you have either given us permission to do so or are a customer of GBS Linens. When filling out the Contact Us form, we require that you first complete the form, including contact information such as name, company name, mailing address, and your phone number.
Additionally, we will use information to assist us in creating content that is relevant to you, to assist us in creating better products and services to meet your needs, to provide you with access to services or otherwise engage in activities you select, and to help you quickly find information important to you.
3. Cookies
Some of our Web pages utilize "cookies" which are small text files placed on your computers hard drive that are read by the server that placed them, are unable to execute any code or virus and cannot take any additional information from your hard drive. These cookies allow the GBS Linens Web site to recognize you when you revisit the site, and are able to remember certain information about you such as your Design Studio preferences in the site. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. The information we collect and analyze is used to improve our service to you and personalize your web-browsing experience.
4. Links To Other Web Sites And Third Parties
The GBS Linens Web site may contain links to other sites on the Internet, which are owned and operated by our partners, customers, and other third parties. GBS Linens has not reviewed and will not review these Web sites, which are linked to the GBS Linens Web site. We have no control over such external sites, do not endorse any external sites and are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials that may appear on or may be available on, from or through any such external site. We encourage our users to be aware that when they leave our site or click on a link to another site from our site, that they should read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. GBS Linens is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites or any other Web sites that are linked to our site that may collect personally identifiable information about you. The data collection practices of those Web sites are not covered by the GBS Linens Privacy Policy.
5. With Whom This Information Is Shared
GBS Linens does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others, except as specified in this Privacy Policy. When you are at our site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information only with GBS Linens and its customary business partners unless otherwise specifically stated. We may offer a service or promotion in conjunction with business partners, for example, a joint product promotion. In cases such as these, information collected may be shared by both companies. We may partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. GBS Linens is not responsible for, nor do we have any liability in connection with the control or use of the information by such third parties. The other circumstance under which GBS Linens may disclose your personal information to another party is when legally required to do so or when we believe, in good faith, that the law requires such a disclosure. For example, we will share such information if we have reason to believe that the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be either causing injury to or interference with GBS Linens rights or property, or GBS Linens customers or affiliates.
6. Options You Have Regarding Collection, Use, And Distribution Of Your Information
If you provide us with your e-mail or postal address, or have done so in the past, we may use it to send you information on the latest GBS Linens products, promotions, and events. We may use information you have given to us, for example, to measure consumer interest in our various products, or to inform you about new products and services. GBS Linens provides customers with an easy means to decline to receive such marketing offers. All marketing offers that you receive from GBS Linens will tell you how to decline further offers. To unsubscribe to our lists, please send an e-mail to unsubscribe@gbslinens.com.
7. Security Precautions That Are In Place To Protect The Loss, Misuse, Or Alteration Of Your Information
To protect the privacy of any personal information you may have provided, GBS Linens employs industry-standard controls including network security and monitoring applications. Additionally, only authorized administrators and staff have access to systems containing such information. Backup data are securely stored and not shared with third-parties.
8. Your Consent
By using the GBS Linens Web site, you consent to these terms of use and agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the GBS Linens Web site.
Newsletter
Stay up to date with the latest news and announcements from GBS Linens
Your Quote Request
Add some fabrics to submit a quote request
Browse Our Fabrics