https://www.bepco.com/privacy-policy/
Products
View All Products
End of Line Systems
Laboratory Products
Automotive Powertrain
Special Machines
Service & Support
About Us
Our Story
Locations
History
Careers
Contact
Supplier Portal
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. You can manage your preferences by viewing our Cookie Notice.
Agree & Proceed
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: November 12, 2019
PRIVACY POLICY FOR BURKE PORTER GROUP BRANDS
OVERVIEW
The Burke Porter Group of brands (“BPG”, “we” or “us”), includes includes Burke E. Porter Machinery Co., BEP Europe, CIMAT, E-RATIONAL, Epic Equipment & Engineering, Inc., Galileo TP Process Equipment S.r.l., Kleinknecht, Korvis, LISMAR, Primatics, Titan Inc., Universal Balancing, Van Hoecke Automation, WinterPark Engineering, and XL Machine Co. Inc. BPG is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. We believe it is important that you understand how we treat the information you may provide to us. In addition, BPG has enacted an EU Privacy Policy, which provides for the standards of collections and/or processing of personal data with respect to EU data subjects.
INFORMATION WE GATHER
In the normal course of business, we will collect both personal information about you and non-personal information associated with you. In particular, we collect (a) information you provide to us which is personally identifiable to you such as name, e-mail address, telephone number, address and other personally identifiable information you submit to us and (b) information which we automatically gather which may be about you or relate to your visit to or use of the site but which is not personally identifiable to you.
HOW WE GATHER INFORMATION
WEBSITE ACTIVITY:
Log Files. As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). BPG may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your BPG Account. We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the site, and to track how visitors interact with the site. View our Cookie Notice.
Do-Not-Track. Certain browsers may provide individuals with the ability to communicate that they wish not to be tracked while browsing on the Internet. We currently do not have the ability to respond to such “Do Not Track” signals. Additionally, we do not currently enable third parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different websites when a consumer uses this website.
YOUR CHOICE AS TO WHETHER OR NOT WE GATHER INFORMATION:
The submission or collection of Personal Information is voluntary. If you do not wish us to collect Personal Information, do not submit it to us and follow the instructions to reject cookies.
HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We will always endeavor to protect your information, hold it in confidence, and protect it from theft. In general, we utilize both non-personal and personally identifiable information that you provide to us or that we collect in the normal course of business to communicate with you about our service and product offerings and deliver those offerings in an efficient manner. For these purposes, BPG employees or authorized contractors and third-party agents will have access to some or all of this identifiable information. Unless specifically stated otherwise or as required by law or unless you have provided consent, the information you provide or that is associated with you is never shared with anyone other than BPG employees or authorized contractors and agents. In particular, we use and disclose your information as follows:
LEGAL ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION:
We may share personal information with brands, organizations or individuals outside of BPG if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable Terms of Service, Terms of Use, or other potential violation of BPG contracts or rules, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent, investigate or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of BPG, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may also share personal information with brands, organizations or individuals outside of BPG if we agree to sell, transfer or merge all or a portion of our business or assets, in which case we will endeavor to ensure that the transferee agrees to use the information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
ACCOUNTABILITY FOR ONWARD TRANSFERS:
Prior to disclosing personal information to a third party not authorized by this Privacy Policy, BPG shall notify you of such disclosure and allow you the opportunity to opt out of such disclosure. In cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EU individuals received pursuant to this Privacy Policy, BPG remains responsible and liable if such third parties engage to process personal information in an impermissible manner, unless BPG proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Except with respect to disclosures authorized under this Privacy Policy, BPG shall ensure that any third party to which personal information may be disclosed is obligated to provide an adequate level of privacy protection.
TRANSPARENCY AND CHOICES YOU HAVE ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
If you do not wish us to collect personal information, do not submit it to us and follow the instructions to reject cookies when using the site.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
BPG’s data security includes reasonable steps to protect the personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. BPG has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no system can ensure complete security of all information and you acknowledge that risk through use of the Site. BPG safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, administrative and managerial procedures. Likewise, we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. These precautions include not storing passwords, changing your password often, using a combination of letters, numbers and symbols, and using a secure browser over a secured network.
BPG may employ independent contractors to help manage data services, and such contractors may have access to data, similar to the access we give our employees. We endeavor to ensure that these third-party providers are protecting your information, but we are not ultimately responsible for their practices.
DATA INTEGRITY AND PURPOSE LIMITATION
BPG shall only collect and use personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected or authorized by the individual.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Burke E. Porter Machinery Company website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Burke E. Porter Machinery Company. Please be aware that Burke E. Porter Machinery Company is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. In addition, the Burke E. Porter Machinery Company website located at https://www.bepco.com contains links to sites of Burke E. Porter Machinery Company based outside the United States.
INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THIRD PARTIES
BPG does not sell or trade your personal information. We may at times receive contact lists from other organizations. We may send mailings such as brochures to these addresses. If you want to remove yourself from the third party’s database, you must contact them directly.
STATEMENT REGARDING RESTRICTIONS ON USE
While BPG endeavors to maintain appropriate security controls to protect private data, viruses and hacking attacks cannot be entirely prevented. This site is not intended for persons under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect information from such persons.
The BPG website located at https://www.burkeportergroup.com/ and the websites of U.S.-based BPG brands (including Epic Equipment & Engineering, Inc., Burke E. Porter Machinery Co., XL Machine Co. Inc., Korvis, Titan Inc. and Primatics) are hosted and administered in the United States. If you choose to use those BPG Sites from the European Union, Canada or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from United States laws, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the United States to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Site. By providing any information, including Personal information, through the Site, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing. The BPG website located at https://www.burkeportergroup.com/ contains links to sites of BPG brands based outside the United States (including CIMAT Balancing, Galileo TP Process Equipment S.r.l, Kleinknecht, LISMAR, Van Hoecke Automation, and Universal Balancing) and the processing, storage and transfer of information submitted to or collected by those sites may be governed by the laws of their respective jurisdictions.
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us via our Contact Us page or write to us at:
Email: privacy@burkeportergroup.com
Phone: +1 (616) 855-1480
Or by using the following mail address: 4760 Fulton St. East Suite 201, Ada, MI 49301
RECOURSE, ENFORCEMENT AND LIABILITY:
BPG uses a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this Privacy Policy and periodically verifies that the Privacy Policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible, and in conformity with applicable standards. BPG’s U.S. based brands are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) or any other U.S. authorized statutory body and BPG’s non-U.S.-based brands are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the local data protection authorities in the respective countries where those particular BPG brands are based.
When we receive formal written complaints about our compliance with our privacy policies we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve directly. BPG will further refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Policy for alternative dispute resolution to the Council of Better Business Bureaus or other third party neutral. Please note that if you are a European Union individual and your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under certain circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available.
We ask that you not send to us any sensitive personal information such as Social Security numbers, information related to ethnic origin or race, political affiliation religion, personal health, criminal background or trade union membership.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. Your use of this website shall be deemed to constitute your consent to the changed policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Email: sales@bepco.com
Phone: +1 (616) 234 1200
Or by using the following mail address: 730 Plymouth Ave NE
Grand Rapids, MI 49505
+1 (616) 234 1200 sales@bepco.com
North America +1 (616) 234 1200
Europe +32 50 40 85 40
Asia +86 10 8815 5255
© 2020 Burke E. Porter Machinery Company