http://www.afi-uplift.co.uk/conditions
Conditions of Use
Home
Hire Services
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
Use of this website
This website is offered as a free information service and is directed solely at those who access it from the United Kingdom mainland. The information contained in this website is for general guidance only and is in a concise form. Action should not be taken without obtaining specific advice. Your use of this website is at your own risk. Whilst we use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this website errors may occur.
We exclude to the fullest extent permitted by law all warranties and representations relating to our products and information contained in this website and do not accept liability for errors, omissions, actions or decisions based on information contained in this website nor any loss, damage or liability suffered (whether in relation to your computer, software, data or otherwise) as a result of its use or your reliance upon it.
Nothing in these Conditions of Use excludes our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence. Whilst we try to keep our anti-virus software up-to-date we do not warrant that this website, its servers, downloadable files or e-mails which may be sent by us, are free from viruses or other harmful components. You must not introduce or attempt to introduce any virus or other contaminant to this website or any of its software or systems, or in any way attempt to access, alter, de-compile, reverse engineer, destroy or otherwise tamper with any part of this website, its software or systems.
Pricing and VAT
All prices shown throughout are exclusive of VAT. VAT rate is currently calculated at 20%, therefore 20% will need to be added to the prices shown. For more information about VAT and pricing see http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/vat/sectors/consumers/basics.htm You can check whether a UK VAT number is valid by following the link Check a UK VAT registration number
Copyright and trade marks
We own the copyright in this website and its contents. You may reproduce and print off parts of this website only for the purpose of finding out more about our services. All other use, including the copying of text and/or images from this website for any commercial purpose, is strictly prohibited without our prior written consent.
The trade marks, logos and service marks (collectively the "Trade Marks") displayed on this website (whether registered or unregistered) are and shall remain the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained on this website shall be construed as granting any licence or right to use any Trade Mark displayed on this website without the written permission of the relevant Trade Mark owner. Your misuse or infringement of any of the Trade Marks displayed on this website is strictly prohibited.
Links
Hypertext links are links by which visitors can move from one website to another or from one page to another within the same website. Deep links are hypertext links which take visitors into a particular page on a website whilst bypassing the homepage of that website. You agree that you will not create any hypertext links or deep links between this website and any third party website without our prior written consent. If you choose to use a hypertext link from this website to a third party website then you will leave this website. Once you leave this website, whether or not you realise that you have left, we are not in any way liable for the material on the third party website that you enter. We exclude to the fullest extent permitted by law all liability that may arise in connection with or as a result of such third party website material causing any damage, costs, injury or loss of any kind.
Privacy policy
We will only use personal information you provide to us in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy. Please click here to see a copy.
General
If you have any queries, feedback or comments about this website, our contact details can be found behind the Contact Us button on this website. We may amend these Conditions of Use from time to time. You can view the current version of these Conditions of Use at any time by clicking on the Conditions of Use link on the homepage of this website. If any of these Conditions of Use are unenforceable it shall not affect the enforceability of the rest of them. These Conditions of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. The English Courts shall have jurisdiction to hear disputes between us.
iT2 Group East Midlands Web Development