http://www.brooksgroup.com/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
The Brooks Group Cookie PolicyWilliams T. Brooks and Associates d/b/a The Brooks Group(collectively “The Brooks Group,” “TBG,” “us,” “our,” or “we”)understands that your privacy is important to you and is committed to being transparent about the technologies it uses. This Cookie Policy (“Policy”) describes our use of cookies, web beacons, pixels,and similar tracking technologies (collectively “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies”) when you visit www.brooksgroup.com and any other site on which this Policy is posted (a “Site,” and collectively, the “Sites”).What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?Cookies are small, commonly-used files that are transferred to your computer by us or a third-partywhen you allow your web browser to accept cookies. Similarly, we,or our third-party service providers, use web beacons, pixel tagsor similar tracking technologies, which are typically small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor behavior and collect certain data regarding the actions of our guests online. A cookie file stores information such as your IP address, information about the content you view, information about the content you provide so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our Sites, and your preferences and settings. Cookies allow us or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit to our Sites easier and more useful to you.What Cookies Do We Use and Why?We use the following cookies: strictly necessary cookies, preference/functional cookies, performance cookies, advertising cookies, and analytics cookies.Strictly necessary cookies.These cookies are essential in order to enableyou to move around our Sitesand use their features. These are temporary cookies that last only as long as your web browser is open, and are used for technical purposes such as enabling better navigation on our Sites.Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided. Once you close your browser, the cookie generally disappears.Preference/Functional cookies: These cookies allow us to save and remember information about you that is already entered, in order to personalize the Sites for you based on your preferences and selections. Loss of information stored in a preference cookie may make the website experience less functional but should not prevent it from working.Performance cookies: These cookies help enhance your experience when using our Sites by making them work and deliver services that you expect, such as navigating around our Sites’ pages or accessing secure areas of the Sites.Advertising cookies: We use these cookies to make advertising more engaging to our users.When visiting our Sites, data about you and your online activities iscollected and subsequently used to providetargeted ads. These ads are tailored to your individual interests, either by us, our affiliates, or third-parties.Analytics cookies: We use third-party analytics service providers, such as AdRoll, to help us understand how you engage with our Sites and to analyze your online traffic patterns on our Sites. These third-parties use cookies to collect information and report website usage statistics to us.What Are Your Choices Regarding Cookies?You can manage or disable cookies at any time by adjusting your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser “Help,” “Tool” or “Edit”section or see www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our Sites.If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time. However, this will not prevent the Sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.How to Contact UsYou may contact us with your questions or comments regarding this Policy or the use of cookies on our Sites at:On the web:privacy@thebrooksgroup.comBy mail:301 N. Elm Street, Suite 900Greensboro, NC 27401United States of America
CLOSE MENU
Menu