http://www.lizzard.co.za/policies/terms-of-service
0
Shopping cart
No products in the cart
Free shipping over
R500.00
Product title
Variant title
[item_qty]
$0.00
Add a note to your order
Subtotal
$0.00
Checkout
Free shipping over
R500.00
Terms of service
PROMOTIONAL TERMS & CONDITIONS
End Of Season Sale: These are final sale items and cannot be returned, only exchanged.  No changes to orders will be made once orders are confirmed. While stocks last. *General Terms & Condition’s Apply.  R90 delivery fee charged on exchanges for final sale items.
Exchanges must be logged within 14 days of item being delivered and returned with original packaging and hang tags. Items can be exchanged for a different size or an online store credit can be provided to the same value. R90 delivery fee payable for exchanges/returns on sale/promotional items. *General Terms & Condition’s Apply.
GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS
Products
Products will be shipped as per the standard shipping times stated.
Actual Shipping times may vary slightly and are an estimation only. Please see our Shipping Policy for more information.
The purchase shall be complete only when the payment has been processed fully and Lizzard/Lizzy has received the money. If payment fails due to the account not existing, insufficient funds, the credit card number or other information being incorrect etc. the purchase is deemed not successful.
Coupons
Lizzard/Lizzy will make available coupons (promotional discounts) at its discretion.
If the coupon is only valid for a set period, the coupon may only be used during the period stated in the conditions of the offer. If the customer chooses not to use the coupon during this period, the coupon expires.
The coupon may be communicated to customers in a variety of ways, including email, social media and on the web store itself.
All coupons have a unique code that will be confirmed once applied during the payment stage of your online shopping with us. Lizzard/Lizzy reserve the right to take legal action if there is any reproduction, editing or manipulation of these coupons.
Unless there is an indication to the contrary in the conditions of the offer:
a coupon may only be redeemed once,
no refunds will be made if the coupon is not used before the expiration date,
coupons are not valid for cash back,
a coupon cannot be redeemed in part,
coupons cannot be combined with other offers.
The duration of the event of a coupon is limited and is determined individually for each offer.
Cooling off (cancellation policy)
A 5 working day cooling off period applies to all purchases, prior to the order being dispatched. Once an order has been dispatched, the shipping and handling fee will not be refunded. You may cancel your purchase by contacting orders@lizzard.co.za. Cancellations requested after 5 working days may be refused, alternatively 10% of the product total or R50 (whichever the greater fee is) will be deducted from the refund amount. In the case of coupons, the 5 days may be less if the event or the valid period of redemption of the coupon is earlier than 5 days.
Refunds
Refunds are offered in the form of EFT or vouchers.
Refunds take 3 – 5 working days to process. EFT refunds will take 2-3 working days to reflect in your account due to the bank.
Please see our Returns Policy or Exchange Policy for more information on returns and refunds.
Lizzard/Lizzy has 3 return/exchange policies:
Final sale products are not eligible for return or exchange, therefore no refunds will be processed for these products unless the product is broken/damaged/incorrect.
Exchange-only products may only be replaced with a different product. If we are unable to provide you with the desired size or style we will process a refund to your Lizzard/Lizzy wallet.
Products eligible for return or exchange may be refunded into your original method of payment or to your Lizzard/Lizzy wallet.
Please note that shipping fees are not refundable and there is a R50 re-stocking fee that is deducted from the refund, unless the refund is processed via voucher.
Referral Incentives
A successful referral is defined as any user who becomes a member of Lizzard/Lizzy through your unique referral link. Referral links are sent via Facebook and/or Twitter and/or Email and generated by the referral tool available on www.lizzardonline.co.za. We reserve the right to cancel/revoke any referral bonuses. Abuse of our referral mechanic amounts to theft and will be dealt with harshly.
Promo Codes (promotional vouchers)
From time to time users will receive promotions in the form of unique codes that can be used at checkout to unlock certain discounts.
Promotional vouchers are issued at the discretion of Lizzard/Lizzy. Users do not have the right to promotional vouchers and cannot earn them. Promotional vouchers are issued with specific terms and conditions that regulate their use.
A voucher can only be used once and only one voucher can be used per checkout. Enter the voucher code on checkout and the value of the voucher will be deducted from the total amount in your shopping cart. The remaining balance, if any, must be paid by you.
Competitions
From time to time, Lizzard/Lizzy may run competitions through its website and other channels. The prizes offered as well as the competition requirements (for winning) may also change from time to time, and will be disclosed during the running of the competition.
The winner of competitions will be decided by Lizzard/Lizzy at its full discretion. Lizzard/Lizzy staff and their family members will not be considered for competition winners.
Coupons
One coupon per customer . Coupons are not transferable and are not redeemable for cash and cannot be combined with any other coupons or any other offer or discounts or promotions offered by Lizzard.
Service disruption
Lizzard/Lizzy reserves the right to limit or discontinue the functionality of the site. While we strive to be online continuously, we cannot exclude cases in which the webpage may be unavailable. In rare cases this may cause data loss.
Lizzard/Lizzy cannot be held liable for cross-browser incompatibilities that cause checkout or payment failures. We recommend that you browse with Google Chrome, Safari or Firefox.
Intellectual property
Lizzard/Lizzy retain all copyright and other rights to services, as well as listings, information, images, videos, and databases (the “Property Protection”). A modification, reproduction, publication, disclosure to third parties and / or exploitation of the protected property without the prior written consent is expressly prohibited by Lizzard/Lizzy.
The protection of data
Please see our Privacy Policy for more information on the policy of protecting user data and privacy.
Termination/cancellation of orders
Lizzard/Lizzy reserves the right to cancel or refuse to fulfill any order it suspects of being fraudulent. This includes but is not limited to instances of suspected stolen credit cards and abuse of referral programme incentives.
Lizzard/Lizzy reserves the right to revise these terms from time to time. If you disagree with the general terms we do not recommend use of our service. You will be required to accept the T’s & C’s every time you transact on our website.
BLACK FRIDAY DEALS : Up to 50% off selected items – expires 2.12.19 online only. No changes to orders will be made once orders are confirmed. While stocks last. NO exchange or returns. Delivery of Lizzard Black Friday orders may take up to 10-15 working days *General Terms and Conditions Apply.
We reserve the right to ban any individual up loader or website domain from using our services for any reason.
Currencies:
ZARSouth African rand(ZAR)
Product Title
Product Price
Product Description
Quantity
Add to cart
Details
Show full details