http://www.simpsondoor.com/privacy/
Find a Door
Design Tools
Gallery
Resources
Professionals
Careers
Where to Buy
X
Simpson Door Company
Privacy Policy
Simpson Door Company has adopted the following privacy policy for www.simpsondoor.com
Information Collection and Use
Simpson Door Company is committed to protecting the privacy of its website viewers. We collect no personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to the website by filling out one of our online form submissions such as a newsletter subscription, product request, or request for more information through one of our registration forms. We collect non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways, including tracking your activities through computer settings, most-recently visited URL, or through cookies (described below).
We may disclose personally identifying information we collect to outside organizations, entities or companies. For example, we may provide your email address to third parties to send news, special offers and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products, services or information we think may interest you. We also may use your information to assist us in advertising our services on third-party websites or through other venues.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Cookies
To make this site work properly and to better serve you, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too. Cookies are small text files that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site.
The following table lists the cookies this website currently uses, what they are used for and provides instructions for opting out of each service.
Cookie Type
Purpose and Use
How to Opt Out of This Service or Change Preference Settings
Technical/Required Cookies
Required cookies enable you to navigate through this site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas.
If you have opted to identify yourself to us, we may use cookies containing encrypted information to allow us to uniquely identify you. These cookies allow us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into this site and to process your online requests.
Some cookies are required to operate and use this website, so there is no option to opt out of these types of cookies.
Functionality Cookies
These types of cookies store useful information that improve the user's experience of a website. They are most commonly used for:
Storing login information so that a user does not need to re-login on every visit.
Remembering changes you have made to fonts, text size and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
You may opt out of functionality cookies using your browser. To learn how, click here. Note that opting out may impact the functionality you receive when using this website.
Analytics Cookies
We use web analytics services which engage cookies to collect and aggregate information on how visitors use the site. We use reports from this data to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
You may choose to opt-out of Google Analytics cookies altogether here.
If you do not want us to collect your data on additional tracking services, you may opt out here.
Advertising/Targeting Cookies
We sometimes use cookies delivered by third-parties to track the performance of our advertisements.
We also may use third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information. Ad networks follow your online activities over time and across different sites or other online services by collecting website navigation information through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use, such as a desktop or laptop computer, smartphone or tablet. We may use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests. You may see these advertisements on other websites or mobile applications on any of your devices.
If you wish to not have this information collected and used for targeted advertising, click here to view a list of advertising partners that participate in the TRUSTe opt-out tool. (or if located in the European Union click here). If you wish to opt out from this type of advertising for companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), you can do so by clicking here.
Please be aware that this does not disable ads being served to you. You will continue to receive generic ads but not ones that are shown to you based on targeting data derived from cookies.
Social Media Cookies
Social media third party services use cookies to allow us to track the actions people take on our website after viewing one of our advertisements on a social media network. Cookies may also be used to determine the ideal audience for our brand and show webpage visitors content we think they would like based off of the web pages they visit.
In order to enhance your Internet experience and to make the sharing of content easier, some of the pages on our website may contain tools or applications that are linked to third-party social media service providers such as Facebook or Twitter. Through these tools or applications, the social media service provider may set its own cookies on your device.
Check the social media service provider’s website for further details about how they use cookies and how you can set your preferences and manage these cookies.
Transparency and Access to Your Data
To request access to review data about you that Simpson Door Company has collected and stored, please email us at SimpsonCustomerService@brandner.com
Consent to Privacy Statement
By continuing to use this site after having an opportunity to review this Privacy Policy, you have consented to the terms of the Privacy Policy, and Simpson Door Company’s use of the information it collects as described at the point of collection or in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy, you may not use this site.
Privacy Policy Updates
Any updates to Simpson Door Company's privacy policy will be posted here at www.simpsondoor.com.
Please email questions or concerns to SimpsonCustomerService@brandner.com
Finding and Buying a Door
Find a Door
How to Order
Gallery
Design Tools
Wood Selector
Test Drive a Door
Glass Taste Test
Find Your Perfect Match
Personalize Your Contemporary Door
Resources
Technical Information
Videos
Blog
Product Approvals
Care & Finishing
How They’re Made
Door Options
Literature
Warranties
Featured Projects
Where To Buy
Door Series
Concept® Custom
Exterior Doors
Performance Series® Upgrades
Nantucket Collection™
Mastermark® Collection
Artist Collection®
Craftsman Collection
Bungalow Series®
Builder's Advantage Series®
Selects Series
Traditional Exterior Doors
Exterior Barn Doors
Contemporary Exterior Doors
Exterior French & Sash Doors
Glass & Panel Options
Interior Doors
Interior Panel & Bifold Doors
Interior Barn Doors
Interior French Doors
Glass & Panel Options
Redi-Prime® Doors
MDF Interior Doors
Bravo Stile and Rail MDF Doors
Infinity MDF Doors
Ovation MDF Doors
Encore® LDF Doors
Fire-Rated Doors
Monster Doors®
Door Styles
Exterior Doors
Double Front Doors
Dutch Doors
Entry Doors
French Doors
Interior Doors
Bathroom Doors
Bedroom Doors
Bifold Doors
Dutch Doors
Louver Doors
Pantry Doors
Professionals
EZQ + Dealer/Distributor Tools
Authorized Dealer Program
Builders/Contractors
Architects
Company Store
About Simpson
Our History
Environment
Press Room
Privacy Policy
California SupplyChains Act
FAQs
Careers
Contact Us
Employee Information
Where to Buy
Find a Door
Exterior Door Series
Interior Door Series
Exterior Door Styles
Interior Door Styles
Employee Information
Copyright © 2020 Simpson Door Company. All rights reserved.
#SimpsonDoor
1.800.SIMPSON
1.800.952.4057
#SimpsonDoor
Copyright © 2020 Simpson Door Company. All rights reserved.