http://www.rcdmastics.com/terms-and-conditions.html
RCD Corporation Website Terms of Service ("Agreement")
Please read these Terms of Service ("Agreement", "Terms of Service") carefully before using rcdmastics.com ("the Site") operated by RCD Corporation ("us", "we", or "our"). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at rcdmastics.com.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual Property
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by RCD Corporation and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Copyright and trademark notices
All contents of the rcdmastics.com website are Copyright © 2015 RCD Corporation and/or its suppliers, affiliates and partners. All rights reserved.
Trademarks
RCD Corporation™ and rcdmastics.com™ are registered trademarks of RCD Corporation. The names of products mentioned herein are trademarks of RCD Corporation.
Notices and procedure for making claims of copyright infringement
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement under United States copyright law should be sent to Service Provider's Designated Agent. ALL INQUIRIES NOT RELEVANT TO THE ABOVE PROCEDURE WILL RECEIVE NORESPONSE.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by RCD Corporation. RCD Corporation has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, policies, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States (USA) and the state of Florida without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms of Service by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service. Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us. Website: rcdmastics.com Phone: 352-589-0089
This Agreement was last modified on March 14, 2015
Scroll to Top
PRODUCTSSee All Products#5 Ductliner Adhesive#6 Mastic#7 Mastic#8 Mastic#9 Mastic#10 Mastic#15 Weather Barrier Coating#20 Clear Sealant#34 Coil & Fin Cleaner#52 Spray AdhesiveGlasscoatRCD Mastic BrushesFin & Plenum BrushDoug, The Ductwork DetectiveRCD Headlight HatDUCT SEALINGWHERE TO SEAL AIR DUCTSHOW TO SEAL AIR DUCTSDUCT SEALING TIPSVIDEOSCONTRACTORCONTACTLOGIN