http://www.exploretraining.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie-notice/
This notice sets out how Exploretraining.co.uk obtains, use and protect your personal information that you provide to us, or that is otherwise obtained or generated by us, in connection with accessing this website. For the purpose of this Privacy Notice (unless expressly stated, or the context requires, otherwise), ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refers to Explore Training, and ‘you’ refers to you the website visitor. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Notice before using or submitting information to this site.
This Privacy Notice explains the following:
what personal information we may collect from you;
how we keep your personal information safe;
what we may use your personal information for;
who we may share your personal information with; and
your rights regarding your personal information.
Explore Training is the data controller in respect of your personal information for the purposes of applicable data protection legislation.
Legal Grounds For Processing Personal Data
Explore Training will process your personal data on the ground that it is in its legitimate interest for the effective administration of the website.
Personal Information We May Process About You
How do we collect personal information about you?
Currently this website does not collect any personal information from you.  As you navigate through this site we may automatically collect the following information:
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including the date and time); page response times, download errors, lengths of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, any phone number used to call our customer service number if you linked to our site from another website, the address of that website, and, if you linked to the site from a search engine, the address of that search engine and the search term you used
Cookies
Cookie is a small text file containing information that gives us insights into user behaviour so we can improve communications and the website experience.
Cookies are small text files that are sent by websites that you visit to recognise who you are when you return there.  These files are stored on your computer’s hard drive, and are read by your web browser.  Detailed information about cookies is available from the Information Commissioner’s Office (http://www.ico.gov.uk/) and the website at www.aboutcookies.org. This site uses “session” cookies, but not “persistent” cookies. “Session” cookies are temporary bits of information that are erased once you exit your Web browser window or otherwise turn your computer off. Session cookies are used to improve navigation on websites and to collect aggregate statistical information. “Persistent” cookies are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer and stay there unless you delete the cookie. Persistent cookies store information on your computer for a number of purposes, such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided (e.g., passwords), helping to determine what areas of the website visitors find most valuable, and customizing the website based on your preferences. A list of the specific cookies used on this site is set out at the end of this Cookie Policy.
There are a number of options available to you to prevent the use of cookies on your computer.  You can either set your browser so that it will not accept and store any cookie, or if you have a little more time and knowledge you may be able to allow only certain ‘trusted’ websites to store cookies on your computer. It is worth bearing in mind that if you decide to delete all of your cookies, then you will likely have to re-enter all of your usernames and passwords on all of the websites that you visit.  You may also choose not to access websites that use cookies.
List Of Cookies Used On This Site
The content management system on which the website is built on does not currently use any cookies relevant to website visitors.
From time to time we may embed resources on our webpages from other services, such as YouTube and other popular social media platforms to share and link to content NOT stored on this website. Cookie policies vary across these services and can change at any time, therefore please consult the respective policies provided by these services.
Keeping Your Information Safe
Where The Personal Information Is Held
This website is built on carefully selected third party systems and hosting. Each is subject to appropriate security and confidentiality obligations. We will take appropriate measures to keep your information confidential and secure in accordance with our internal procedures covering the storage, access and disclosure of information.
Please note that messages you send to us by e-mail or via any internet connection may not be secure. If you choose to send any confidential information to us by such means you do so at your own risk
Retention Of Your Personal Information
We retain trend data – how many visitors have accessed our site, the pages accessed, for example. This information does not contain any personal data.  The duration that this data is stored is based on Google’s current data retention policy.
What We May Process Your Personal Information For
We may use the information we collect about you to
Improve the content of this website to ensure the content is presented in the most effective manner to you and for your computer
Customise this website to your preferences
Administer our website including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
Who We May Share Your Personal Information With
The third parties who host the server and website and provide support have access to your data. We take appropriate measures to keep your information confidential and secure.
Your Rights Regarding The Personal Information You Provide To Us
The accuracy of the information we hold about you is important to us. Under applicable data protection legislation you have rights concerning your personal information.
You have a right to correct any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold on you. You have a right to receive a copy of the personal information we hold on you, which we must provide to you in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format. You have a right to require us to stop or to restrict our processing of your personal information. You have a right to require the erasure of personal information we hold on you once it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which the information was collected or is being processed.
Please contact us if you wish to exercise any of these rights. Details are in section 9.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about how we manage your information please contact us.  If you are still not satisfied after going through our internal complaints procedure you can then complain to The Information Commissioner’s Office by telephone on 0303 123 1113 or through the following link: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/.
Changes To Our Privacy Notice
We will review and may update our Privacy Notice from time to time. Any changes to this Privacy Notice will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Notice on our website. Please check our website frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Notice.
How To Contact Us
Contact us using the “Contact” page on this website.
Search for:
Archives
January 2017
December 2016
Meta
Log in