http://www.filtec.com/privacy-policy
Newsletter Sign-Up
Request A Quote
Toggle navigation
Filtec | Inspect Detect Protect
Call Us Today! (888) 434-5832 | askFILTEC@filtec.com
Solutions
Glass Inspections
PET Inspections
Can Inspections
Case Inspections
Laser Coding
Customized inspection solutions
Inspection Types
Support
Parts & Service
Company
About
Careers
Events
News
Resources
Articles
Blog
Case Studies
Solutions Notes
Contact
Newsletter Sign-Up
Request A Quote
Privacy Policy
Effective/Updated as of 29th October 2018
FILTEC is committed to protecting the privacy of certain data that is collected from you and that you submit when you access this website. The nature of our business requires that we gather and maintain information that is of a personal nature that you wish to keep protected.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information you submit or we obtain in connection with your use of this Site.  This Privacy Policy applies to your use of this Site and by accessing or visiting the Site you are indicating your understanding that the collection, use, and sharing of your information is subject to this Policy (which includes our Cookie Policy).  Please read this Policy carefully before using the Site or submitting information to us.
How to Contact Us. If you have any questions regarding this Policy, your privacy, or our policies in the event of a compromise of your information, you may contact us at:
FILTEC Customer Care
Attn: Marketing
3100 Fujita Street
Torrance, CA 90505
1-888-434-5832
marketing@filtec.com
Changes to this Policy. We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. In the event we make material change(s) to the Policy, we will provide notice through the Site, or other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they take effect. Changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the Site and will apply to your use of the Site after the “effective date” listed above.  You understand and agree that your continued use of the Site after the effective date, means that the collection, use, and sharing of your information is subject to the updated Policy.
Except to the extent we obtain your consent or as permitted or required by applicable law, we will handle your data collected through the Site in accordance with the terms of the Policy in effect at the time of such collection.
Information We Collect. As you are probably aware, we may collect information from a variety of sources to operate the Site, carry out our business, comply with law and other purposes described herein.
Information You Provide.  You may provide information in the following instances.
For contact or identification purposes
Your name
Email Address
Telephone number
Date of Birth
Home and Work Address
Company Name
Job Title
Subscribing to our newsletter or similar communications, or request a quote
Your name
Email Address
Telephone number
Home or Work Address
Company Name
Job Title
When you complete online forms. If you complete forms on the Site we may collect the information contained in those documents/forms.
Posting content on our Site. If you post content we may collect information contained in those posts.
Buying/receiving products, services, quotes or information from us.  If you buy or receive products or services, or request quotes from us we may collect the following:
Your name
Contact information
Marketing and communication preferences
And other types of information that you choose to provide to us or that we may obtain about you.
You do not have to provide the above information to access or use the other sections of the Site.
Information On Your Use.   We may collect information about and log your visits and use of the Site.  This includes, for example, when you view or click on embedded content.  We also use cookies and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use of the Site.  For more details, see below and our Cookie Policy.
We also may use this information to target custom content and ads to you on this and other websites, including as described in the Interest-Based Advertising section below.
We may also work with other companies by sharing information about the use of our beacons or to place web beacons on their sites or in their advertisements to let us develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement or product on our sites results in a purchase or other action on other sites. Our webpages may also contain web beacons from third parties, which help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other website operations. These web beacons may allow the third parties to set or read a cookie on your computer.
Statistical Data.  To monitor utilization of the Site and continuously improve its quality, we may compile statistical information concerning the usage of the Site using analytics services, such as those provide by Google Analytics. Examples of this information would include: the number of visitors to the Site, or to sections or pages within the Site, patterns of traffic flowing through the Site, length of time spent on the Site, or in sections or pages of the Site, the other sites that refer visitors to the Site, the pages of the Site that visitors frequently use as entry and exit points, utilization of the browser and operating systems and versions used by visitors to the Site. The analytics services may transfer this information to third parties in case of a legal obligation or if a third party processes data on behalf of that service. To compile this information, we may collect and store:
Your IP address
Your operating system version
Your browser version
The pages you visit within the Site
The length of time you spend on pages within the Site
The site from which you linked to ours
Search terms you used in search engines which resulted in you linking to the Site, etc.
While all of this information can be associated with the IP address your computer had while you visited the Site, it will not be associated with you as an individual, or associated with any other information you may submit through the Site, or that we may store about you for any other purposes.
Cookies and Similar Technology.  As detailed above and within our Cookie Policy we use technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, browser analysis tools, server logs and web beacons to recognize you when you return to the Site and to help us improve the quality of our service when you visit our Site. We also use cookies to tailor our products, services and advertising to suit your personal interests, estimate our audience size, track visits to and sales at our Site and, as applicable, to process your order, and track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes. We do not link your URL or IP address to any personal information. We may also allow some third parties to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy.
You may control cookies, including preventing or stopping the installation and storage of cookies, through your browser settings and other tools.  If you do so, our Site may not function correctly. Please refer to the Help feature of your browser for information on disabling cookies.
IMPORTANT: By using the Site, you consent to the processing of any information for the analytics purposes and functions described above.
How We Use Your  Data. In general, we will use the information we collect about you only for the purpose it was collected, for compatible purposes, as permitted or required by law, as necessary to carry out our contractual duties and obligations, and as otherwise provided in this Policy. For example, we may use your information to:
To respond to your requests for information relating to our products and services.
To communicate with you.  We will send you messages about the availability of our Site, security, or other service-related issues. Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
For our research and development efforts.  We use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and for the development of the Site and the services and products we provide to you.
For other everyday business purposes. By way of example, payment processing, and financial account management, product development, contract management, IT and website administration, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, corporate governance, reporting and legal compliance.
To provide you with the products and/or services you have purchased or requested and related support. To market our products or services that we think may be of interest to you. For example, to send you newsletters and promotions using any communications preferences you have expressed.
To ensure your information is accurate and to personalize our products and services.
How We Share Your Data. In general, we do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your information to unaffiliated third parties (companies outside FILTEC) except with your consent and as described in this Policy or as required or permitted by law. We may disclosure your information for the same reasons that we may use it as described in this Policy, which includes disclosing it to our affiliates and non-affiliated entities, as we deem necessary to carry out those purposes.
Third Party Vendors.  We may need to use or disclose this information with our third party vendors. These companies are generally not authorized to use the information we disclose to them for any other purpose.
With your consent or as you direct;
To manage the Site;
To process payments and requests for products, services, or quotes;
To provide you with products, services, or offers;
To engage in marketing activities and maintain our CRM system;
To enhance our services by, among other methods, obtaining assistance with providing more personalized services to you through analytics and other technologies;
To protect our interests and legal rights, such as through responding to subpoenas and defending litigation;
To protect against and prevent fraud, illegal activity (such as identifying and responding to incidents of hacking or misuse of our websites and mobile applications), and claims and other liabilities; and
To review and process applications for employment.
We endeavor to choose affiliates and non-affiliates with similar standards to ours regarding the protection of data. These companies are generally not authorized to use the information we disclose to them for any other purpose.
Legal Process, Security, Defense, Protection.  It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you if required by law, subpoena, or other legal process.  Additionally, we may disclose information about you if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
demonstrate our relationship with you;
investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist law enforcement agencies;
protect the security or integrity of the Site; or
investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party allegations or claims.
Change in Control or Sale.  We can share, sell, assign, or license your information in connection with certain business transactions, such as a sale, acquisitions, merger, or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. In such cases, we will take appropriate steps under the circumstances and to the extent possible to ensure that the recipient agrees to provide privacy protections substantially similar to those established by this Policy.  Any entity that acquires all or substantially all of the Company’s assets will have the right to continue using your information consistent with this Policy or as otherwise agreed to by you.
Aggregate or De-Identified Data. We may share or make public aggregate or de-identified data derived from personally identifiable information. Such information, however, will not identify you or any other individual.
Social Media Plugins.  This Site uses social media plugins (e.g. Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram) to enable you to easily share information with others.  When you visit our Site, the operator of the social plugin can place a cookie on your computer, enabling that operator to recognize individuals who have previously visited our Site.  If you are logged into the social media website (e.g. Facebook, Twitter) while browsing our Site, the social plugins allow that social media website to share data about your activities on our Site with other users of their social media website.  For example, Facebook Social Plugins allow Facebook to show your Likes and comments on our pages to your Facebook friends.  Facebook Social Plugins also allow you to see your friends’ Facebook activity on our website.  We do not control any of the content form the social media plugins.  For more information about social plugins from other media websites you should refer to those sites’ privacy and data/information sharing statements/policies.
Safeguarding of Information.
No system for safeguarding personal or other information is 100% secure and even though we have taken steps to protect your personal information from being intercepted, accessed, used or disclosed by unauthorized persons, we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with personal information.  However, we take a number of steps to safeguard the security of personal information obtained through the Site. For example, we have implemented a security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard your data from unlawful use, unauthorized access or disclosure.  Additionally, we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) data encryption when data is transmitted over the Internet to our Site. However, again, there is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our administrative, physical, or technical safeguards.
Do Not Track.  “Do Not Track” is a privacy preference that you can set in your Internet search browser that sends a signal to a website that you do not want the website operator to track certain browsing information about you.
We do collect personally identifiable information about users’ online activities over time and across third-party websites. We do not process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals from your browser or other mechanisms that enable consumer choice regarding the collection of personal information about one’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
As described in the Interest-Based Advertising section below, however, we do participate in online advertising networks administered by third parties, and we may share information about activities on our websites with those networks, which may track your online activities over time and across third-party websites.
Interest-Based and Other Targeted Advertising
We collect data about your activities on our website for use in providing a user experience tailored to your individual interests and we may share information about activities on our websites with advertising networks administered by third parties. These ad networks track your online activities over time and across websites by collecting information through automated means and they use this information to show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests. The information they collect includes information about your visits to our websites, such as the pages you have viewed. This collection and ad targeting takes place both on our websites and on third-party websites that participate in the ad network, such as sites that feature advertisements delivered by the ad network. As a result, you may see certain ads on other websites based on prior activities on our website and vice versa.
We may also utilize third-party services, that may allow us to associate your prior FILTEC online data, operating system, user-agent string, IP address, internet browser, installed fonts, and similar information with an anonymous ID, which can then be used to target FILTEC advertising to you on other websites and online platforms. These services may use anonymous IDs that do not contain any personal information or otherwise identify you.
The Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) has created guidance for online advertisers and provided a mechanism for such advertisers to comply with users’ choices regarding interest-based ads.
Links to Third Parties’ Sites.  We may provide links to websites or resources outside of our Site for your informational purposes only.  You acknowledge and agree we are not responsible for the availability of such sites or resources, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, goods, services or other materials on, available through or provided by such sites or resources.  We are not responsible for the privacy or other practices of such sites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your information that you provide or may be collected by such sites.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms and conditions on those linked sites.
Information of Children. The Site is not directed to children as the products and services on this Site are intended for persons 18 years of age and older. The Company does not knowingly collect, use or disclose any personal information from children. If you are concerned about your child’s use of the Site, you may use web-filtering technology to supervise or limit access to the Site.
Applicable law. This Policy is governed by the internal substantive laws of California without regard to its conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under or out of this Privacy Policy shall lie exclusively with the state and federal courts within California. If any provision of this Policy is found to be invalid by a court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Policy, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information.  You can always limit the information you provide to us, but if you choose not to provide certain requested information, you may be unable to access some of the services, offers, and content on the Site.  You can also limit the communications that we may send you by following a simple opt-out or unsubscribe process listed below. We strive to comply with all reasonable requests, but there may be a short delay in the processing of such requests.
To be removed from all FILTEC email, telephone and postal mail marketing, you may choose one of the following options: (1) email marketing@filtec.com and type “REMOVE FROM ALL MARKETING” in the subject line; (2) call 1-888-434-5832; or (3) send your request by mail to: FILTEC Customer Care – 3100 Fujita Street, Torrance, CA 90505. Please include your name, address, phone number and email address in the request, and if possible, let us know how you initially provided us with the information.
To stop receiving marketing emails, you may click on the “Unsubscribe” link in any marketing email you receive from us and update your preferences on the resulting webpage.
Please note that even if you opt-out of promotional communications, we may still need to contact you with important transactional data about your account.
California Residents.  If you are a California resident, please read the following:
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of the Company to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Requests may be made one time per calendar year. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2018 will receive information regarding 2017 sharing activities). You may submit your request using the contact information below:
FILTEC Customer Care
Attn: Marketing
3100 Fujita Street
Torrance, CA 90505
1-888-434-5832
data.protection@filtec.com
If you are under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California law permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. You may submit your request using the contact information at the end of this Policy. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
Individuals located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  If you are located in the EEA, please read the following:
Legal basis for collecting and processing your Personal Data. We make every attempt to process your personal data in accordance with applicable law. In addition to the information provided above, residents of the European Economic Area should be aware that we  may collect and process your personal data where it is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests as a business, or those of a third party, for the following purposes:
To verify the accuracy of information we have about you;
To create a better understanding of you as a customer so that we can customize the services we provide;
To correspond or communicate with you, to let you know about our activities and events, to send you newsletters and communications relating to our Site and or its content;
To improve the products and services we offer you on our Site;
To conduct research and to compile Site management information;
To ensure effective functioning of our Site;
For Site administration including responding to inquiries or complaints;
For marketing and advertising activities (other than where we rely on your consent to contact you or share your details with third parties);
For analysis and development of our marketing strategies;
To allow you to voluntarily participate in any interactive features of our services;
To prevent fraud and other criminal activities;
For network and information security;
To comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards and our policies and terms, such as our Terms and Conditions of Use; and
For establishment and defense of our legal rights.
We may collect and process your Personal Information where it is necessary for performance of a contract with you. This may include:
Providing and delivering products and services and fulfillment of your orders; or
Processing, recording and tracking your purchases, payments, returns, part purchases, service requests, and warranties and providing support.
We may collect and process your Personal Information where you have given us consent to do so for the following purposes, in addition to those listed above:
To process and evaluate your application for employment (except where we rely on legitimate interests, as described above);
To sign up for a newsletter or communication, refresh your marketing preferences in response to a request from us (except where we rely on legitimate interests, as described above); and
For marketing activities or to share your details with our third-party partners (except where we rely on legitimate interests, as described above).
You may withdraw your consent for us to collect or use your Personal Data at any time by contacting:
FILTEC Customer Care
Attn: Marketing
3100 Fujita Street
Torrance, CA 90505
1-888-434-5832
data.protection@filtec.com
Rights. As a resident of the EEA, you may have additional rights relating to your personal data, subject to limitations. With respect to certain rights, we may ask for information to confirm your identity and or assist us in searching for your personal data. Your rights may include:
Accessing or requesting a copy of your personal data;
Rectifying inaccurate personal data;
Restricting the processing of your personal information;
Objecting to or opting out of our use or processing of your personal data where we rely on our legitimate interest as the legal basis to do so;
Objecting to or opting out of our use or processing of your personal data for direct marketing purpose;
Objecting to our use of automated decision making about you;
Requesting the erasure of your personal data;
Transferring your personal data in a commonly-used machine-readable format to another data controller;
Withdrawing your consent to the collection or processing of your personal data where we rely on your consent as the legal basis for the collection or processing; and
Filing a complaint with the Supervisory Authority in your jurisdiction.
Please note these rights may not apply for individuals located outside of the EEA.
You may contact us for information about these rights at:
FILTEC Customer Care
Attn: Marketing
3100 Fujita Street
Torrance, CA 90505
1-888-434-5832
data.protection@filtec.com
Retention. We retain your personal data only for the period of time needed to fulfill the purposes stated in this Policy.
Automated Decision Making or Profiling.
We do not use your personal data to make automated decisions or to profile you.
Transfer or Storage of Your Personal Data.
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to countries outside the EEA. This may happen where any of our servers or those of our third party service providers are located in a country outside of the EEA or it is processed by our staff or the staff of our third party service provider operating outside the EEA. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the country in which you reside. If we transfer your personal data outside of the EEA we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected in accordance with this Policy. These steps may include imposing appropriate contractual obligations on the recipient of your personal data. If you are located in the EEA, you understand and consent to having your personal data processed outside of the EEA, including in the United States.
You may contact us for additional information regarding the transfer of storage of your personal data at:
FILTEC Customer Care
Attn: Marketing
3100 Fujita Street
Torrance, CA 90505
1-888-434-5832
data.protection@FILTEC.com
×
Close
×
FILTEC uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and to serve targeted advertisements. By clicking [I AGREE] you agree to FILTEC processing your personal data. Please read our
PRIVACY POLICY
for more information. You can withdraw your consent to FILTEC processing your personal data at any time by clicking [WITHDRAW CONSENT]. Read about our
COOKIE POLICY
here.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Subscribe to Newsletter