http://www.privatebanking.info/user/terms_of_service.jsp
en
ru
jp
Login
Home
News
Library
Newsletters
Event Calendar
Advertise
About
Contact
FAQ
Finance Lounge
LOGIN HERE!
Add privatebanking.com as a search provider to your browser
Advanced Search
Private Banking & Wealth Management search tool
Search entity
Home
Terms of Service
Back
Terms of Service
Notice to internet users: Carefully read the following Terms and Conditions. Use of this database constitutes your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions and agreement to abide by them.
1. TERMS ACCEPTANCE
Rossi Media Corp, Richmond Hill, ON, Canada, and its subsidiary, affiliates, successors, and assignees (hereinafter collectively referred to as "the Company" and/or "we" and/or "our") provides through its web presence under owned or leased domain names such as privatebanking.com, investor.info, and other its services to you, subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. In addition, when using particular company's services, you and the company shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services which may be posted from time to time. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS. If you are an advertiser, please note that the company provides additional Terms of Service for you.
2. SERVICE DESCRIPTION
The company currently provides or plans to provide in the future access to a full range of web based advertisements posted by any private person or business and in particular by the general and extended banking and investment industry; furthermore, internet user have or will have once the site is fully developed, access to a rich collection of resources and databases, including, various communications tools, forums, shopping services and personalized content (the "Service"). The company is pleased to give you access to this Site free of charge. However, in order to access the Site, you will need to establish an account with an Internet service provider. You will also need equipment to access the Site, including a computer, modem or other communication device. You agree to pay for all hardware and services costs needed to access the internet and use the service, the company is not responsible for any of these costs. You understand and agree that the Service includes or may include advertisements and that these advertisements are necessary for the company to provide the Service. You also understand and agree that the service may include certain communications to you from the company or its subsidiary, such as service announcements, administrative messages. and the Privatebanking Newsletter, and that these communications are considered part of the Service and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new properties, shall be subject to the TOS. You understand and agree that the Service is provided "AS-IS" and that the company assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings. Except for allowing you to use the company's operated websites for your personal use as defined in the TOS, you are not receiving a license or any other rights from us, including intellectual property or other proprietary rights of the company or other companies or individuals that may advertise on the company's site. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU HAVE NO RIGHTS TO THE SERVICES OR ANY OTHER COMPANY PROPERTY EXCEPT AS INDICATED IN THE TOS.
3. YOUR REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS
In consideration of your use of the Service, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form (such information being the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or the company has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, the company has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof).
4. PRIVACY POLICY
Registration Data and certain other information about you is subject to our Privacy Policy. For more information, see our full privacy policy at http://www.privatebanking.info/privacy_policy.jsp
5. MEMBER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
To access certain areas of the website you will receive a password and account designation upon completing the Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. The company cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section 5.
6. MEMBER CONDUCT
You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. This means that you, and not the company, are entirely responsible for all content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. The company does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will the company be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service.
You agree to not use the Service to:
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
harm minors in any way;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a company official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas that are designated for such purpose;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;
interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, NASDAQ, Eurex, Swiss Exchange, and any regulations having the force of law; l. "stalk" or otherwise harass another; or collect or store personal data about other users.
You acknowledge that the company does not pre-screen Content, but that the company and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or move any Content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, the company and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by the company or submitted to the company, including without limitation information in Privatebanking.com Message Boards, Clubs, and in all other parts of the Service.
You acknowledge and agree that the company may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the TOS; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the company, its users and the public.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
7. SPECIAL ADMONITIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL USE
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the country in which you reside.
8. CONTENT SUBMITTED OR MADE AVAILABLE FOR INCLUSION ON THE SERVICE
The company does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Service. However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service, you grant the company the following world-wide, royalty free and non-exclusive license(s), as applicable:
With respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Service solely for the purposes of providing and promoting the specific website to which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Service and will terminate at the time you remove or the company removes such Content from the Service.
With respect to photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible area of the Service, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Service solely for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Service and will terminate at the time you remove or the company removes such Content from the Service.
"Publicly accessible" areas of the Service are those areas of the privatebanking.com network of properties that are intended by the company to be available to the general public.
9. INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold the company, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or make available through the Service, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of the TOS, or your violation of any rights of another.
10. NO RESALE OF SERVICE
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.
11. GENERAL PRACTICES REGARDING USE AND STORAGE
You acknowledge that the company may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content will be retained by the Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on privatebanking.com's servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Service in a given period of time. You agree that the company has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other Content maintained or transmitted by the Service. You acknowledge that the company reserves the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to log off accounts that are inactive for a period of time of 90 days and over. You further acknowledge that the company reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice.
12. MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE
The company reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that the company shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
13. TERMINATION
You agree that the company, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Service, and remove and discard any Content within the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if the company believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the TOS. the company may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Service, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of this TOS may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that the company may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Service. Further, you agree that the company shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Service. You agree that subscriptions are automatically renewed if not cancelled in writing before the end of the paid current term. In case of late payment you agree to renounce to any special deals, offers, discounts and that the full current fee according to your subscribed service level as published in the FAQ page will apply.
14. DEALINGS WITH ADVERTISERS
You are aware that this website is an advertisement forum and therefore the overwhelming portion of the content in this site constitutes advertisement whether this fact is explicitly declared or not. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the service, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that the company shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Service.
Especially dealing with financial firms you declare to be fully aware that investment services advertised by any party on this site may be risky, that advertised value of investments and the income from them may go down as well as up and investors may not get back the amount invested. Also, past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. Rossi Media Corp. and advertisers on this site are not intending to provide investment or other advice to you or any other party, and no information or material at the site is to be relied upon for the purpose of making or communicating investments or other decision.
15. LINKS
The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because the company has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that the company is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that the company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
16. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
You acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection with the Service ("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that Content contained in sponsor advertisements or information presented to you through the Service or advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by the company or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Software, in whole or in part.
The company grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of its Software on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign,
sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by the company for use in accessing the Service.
17. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
THE COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM THE COMPANY OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY
WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TOS.
18. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (v) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
19. EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 17 AND 18 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
20. SPECIAL ADMONITION FOR SERVICES RELATING TO FINANCIAL MATTERS
Neither information this website constitutes a solicitation, an offer or a recommendation to buy, sell or dispose of any investment, to engage in any other transaction or to provide any investment advice or service..
No information published nor any opinion expressed in this website constitutes a solicitation or offer, or recommendation, to buy or sell any investment instruments, to effect any transactions, or to conclude any legal act of any kind whatsoever. None of the services, investments or mutual funds advertised or referred to in this site are available, and prospectuses in respect of them will not be distributed, to persons resident in any country, state or jurisdiction where such distribution would be contradictory to local law or regulation. Furthermore, if you intend to create or join any service, receive or request any news, messages, alerts or other information from the Service concerning companies, stock quotes, investments or securities, please read the above Sections 17 and 18 again. They go doubly for you. In addition, for this type of information particularly, the phrase "Let the investor beware" is apt. The Service is provided for informational purposes only, and no Content included in the Service is intended for trading or investing purposes. The company and its licensors shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the Service, and shall not be responsible or liable for any trading or investment decisions made based on such information. In addition be aware that statements in connection with past, present and future performance whether posted by an advertiser or by another service do never guarantee that these results can be repeated. Accordingly, you are herewith warned that future performance of an investment cannot be deduced from previous market value, i.e. the value of an investment may fall as well as rise. An investment may also lose value due to changes in rates of foreign exchange. Please note that nobody can guarantee that any capital invested in any investment instrument will maintain or increase in value. If any advertisement or other service on this Site do assert the opposite please advice us
immediately by email:
21. NOTICE
Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail.
22. LOCAL LEGAL RESTRICTIONS
The privatebanking.com web site and its information and advertisement content is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person's nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this site is prohibited.
23. GENERAL INFORMATION
The TOS constitute the entire agreement between you and the company and govern your use of the Service, superceding any prior agreements between you and the company. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. The TOS and the relationship between you and the company shall be governed by the laws of Canada, and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of North York, Ontario, Canada to settle any dispute that may arise, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of he TOS remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in the TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
Home
News
Library
Newsletters
Event Calendar
Advertise
About
Contact
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
©
Copyright by PRIVATE BANKING.COM2002-2018 - All rights reserved.