http://www.res-q.com/security-and-privacy.html
Save 30% on all value and combo packs.
Sign Up for Exclusive Deals
Search
Search
Advanced Search
Search
Toggle Nav
Search
Search
Search
Home
Shop
Rewards
Pages
Our Story
Res-Q Quality
Res-Q Guarantee
Catalog
Healthline Radio
Medical Advisors
Insights
Contact
Sign Up for Exclusive Deals
Log in
Wishlist
1-800-262-5483
Login
/ Sign up
Cart
Security & Privacy
MyResqProducts.com takes your security and privacy very seriously. We use a combination of the best and newest technologies to safeguard credit card orders and sensitive information over the Internet. However, if you still feel uncomfortable ordering online, just give us a call at (800) 262-5843 and our friendly representatives will be glad to take your order.
SECURITY
MyResqProducts.com uses a proven technology called “Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Technology” to provide you with the safest, most secure shopping experience possible. SSL technology enables encryption (scrambling) of sensitive information, including passwords and credit card numbers, during your online transactions. All of the forms on our site are secured with SSL technology so your personal information stays safe and out of malicious hands. All data passed between you and our payment system is encrypted for security. Once your order has been transmitted to MyResqProducts.com, the data is kept secure.
PCI COMPLIANT
Our company and website are what is called "PCI Compliant". That means that we have passed a rigorous and ongoing security approval process designed by the Payment Card Industry (PCI), which includes regular vulnerability scans of our website and office servers by an independent third party.We do NOT store your credit card information, either online or offline. For customers who choose to use our convenient Auto Shipment Plan, we use a specialized technology from a leading provider of e-commerce payment solutions so we don’t have to store your card number. When customers sign up for Auto Shipments, they place their initial order just like any other one-time order. This is done securely using the encryption and security technology mentioned above. However, at the time of the order, we also request a unique "token" from the credit card processor, and we store that token instead of the card number for future processing of orders. The token is not merely an encrypted or scrambled version of the card number; it is a unique and incredibly long combination of letters, numbers and symbols that only MyResqProducts.com can use in the future!
In order to ensure maximum security and integrity for your online credit card purchases, we have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway to offer safe and secure credit card transactions for our customers. The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of information through the credit card and electronic check processing networks. The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard.