http://www.rapuk.com/privacy-policy/
Home  |  Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY – GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATIONS
INTRODUCTION
Rapid Action Packaging Limited (‘RAP’), operates this website (rapuk.com) and to the extent that any personal data is shared within our affiliate RA Pacaisti Teoranta, together (‘RAP Group’), this Privacy Policy also represents the RAP Group’s undertakings in relation to your privacy and the security of your personal data under the General Data Protection Regulations.
At RAP we take your privacy very seriously. By visiting our website, you are accepting the practices and guidelines set out in this document (henceforth referred to as the “Privacy Policy”), so please take a few minutes to read it over carefully.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Should you fill out the “Contact us” section of this site, we will maintain a record of your name, company, email address and telephone number. In addition, we may record your IP address and cookie data.
HOW DO WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We will only use such personal information to respond to your questions and subsequently to trade with you. We do not add your details to any mailing lists or provide the information to third parties. We will only use personal information for:
– responding to your questions
– account set up and administration
– providing goods and services
– personalisation of content, business information or user experience on our web site
– any other legal obligations (eg prevention of fraud)
USE OF COOKIES
This website uses cookies in order to provide enhanced functionality to users, as well as to track which areas of the site are most visited. We do not use cookies to collect and store personally identifiable information. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, if you do not allow the use of cookies, you may not be able to view all parts of our website.
USE OF IP ADDRESS
When someone visits www.rapuk.com we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. For more details, please see: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE HAVE FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
The processing of your data is based on a legitimate interest to answer your enquiries, trade with you and also to ensure the functionality and security as well as improve our website.
WHEN DO WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA?
We will treat personal data confidentially and will not share it with anyone outside the RAP Group unless we have a legal obligation to do so.  We may also transfer data to our service providers, who process the data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
WHERE DO WE STORE AND PROCESS PERSONAL DATA?
We are based in the UK and the Republic of Ireland and we store our data within the EU.
HOW DO WE SECURE PERSONAL DATA?
RAP Group’s IT systems are protected against unauthorised access through technical measures to prevent and detect any safety breaches that may threaten the personal data. RAP applies individual access rights and passwords related to its IT systems. Access is allowed only for such persons who have a legitimate need to access the personal data.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR?
Your personal data will be retained as long as it is needed in view of both the type of information and the purpose it was collected for. We will retain your personal information for up to six years.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO PERSONAL DATA
You have the right to:
Object to your data being used for marketing or profiling
Have access – you are entitled to have information concerning your personal data that is processed and obtain a copy of such data.
Rectification of data – the right to have any inaccurate data corrected.
Have your data erased – this does not apply if we have to use the data for a lawful reason.
Complain to the supervisory authority – you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office, the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
HOW TO CONTACT US?
If you have any questions about this policy or would like to exercise your rights mentioned above, please contact us by email: info@rapuk.com