https://www.data-axle.com/how-we-help/library-academia/
Skip to content
Search for:
Who We Are
Our Data
Business DataAccess nearly 300 attributes about millions US and Canadian businesses, in real-time.
Consumer DataAlmost 200 consumer attributes updated in real-time and compiled from over 90 sources.
B2C LinkPersonal and professional data attributes in a single profile for a 360-view of your audience.
Donor DataHundreds of attributes on your donor community to inform effective online and offline campaigns.
What We Do
Services
Data ProcessingData hygiene, enhancement, appends, and more to make your data actionable.
Agency ServicesData sciences, consulting, creative, campaign execution, media planning.
Database ServicesMarketing, prospect, and analytic databases built to power your growth.
Lead GenerationB2B and B2C lead gen via opt-in digital placements and co-branded emails.
Data MonetizationMonetize your data with our end-to-end list management service.
Products
Data Axle Apps
Acquisition Platform
Credit Solutions
Inboxable
Local Listings
Reference Solutions
Data Axle USA
Data Axle Genie
Local Results
How We Help
By Need
AcquisitionContinually acquire profitable new customers to grow your business.
IntelligencePower learning opportunities to improve performance and deepen insights.
RetentionReduce attrition and increase lifetime value and loyalty to increase profitability.
Data LicensingLicense our data to build and improve products, applications, and services.
By Vertical
Agency
B2B Technology
Government
Financial Services
Insurance
Library & Academia
Nonprofit & Political
Retail
Resellers
Small Business
Customer Success
Case Studies
Testimonials
Recognition
Design Gallery
Resources
Thought Leadership
Blog
Expert Q&A
News & Media Coverage
Contact Us
866-DATAXLE
Solutions for Libraries & Academic institutions
Power your research and marketing
programs with industry-leading data
Contact us
Data Axle offers industry-leading business and consumer data for research projects and marketing campaigns so that library directors and college/university marketing departments can grow cardholders, enrollment, and event attendance.
Business and consumer data resources
Data Axle provides solutions for libraries, their patrons, and local business owners powered by industry-leading business and consumer data. From everyday research to new business ventures, our users leverage our data for growth and success.
Learn more about our data
Premier research and reference tools
Our research and reference product is widely available in libraries of all sizes across the United States including the New York City Public Library and Yale University Library.
Learn more
Click here or call 800.808.1113 to learn more about solutions for academia
Academia Solutions
Student recruitment
Our continuing education file allows you to reach students who plan to attend college or pursue graduate degrees. Find prospects who have directly expressed interest in continuing education within the last year. Search by age, level of education completed, degree interest, geography, and online versus campus-based education.
Alumni fundraising
Check your alumni donor contact list against our database to ensure you have the most up-to-date information. We’ll also help you identify alumni donors who hold executive level jobs to bring in potential corporate sponsorships.
Continuing education
Target potential students using our custom demographic data with direct mail or email for graduate programs, certifications, special classes, and recruiting events.
Research department
Use our current and historical geocoded records—all the way down to the parcel level—to find the detailed information you need for strategic planning, budget preparations, and more.
Academic library
Leverage data on US and Canadian businesses and consumers to help students do research for class projects or research papers.
Call 800.808.1113 to learn more about solutions for academia
Or fill out the form and a specialist will reach out to you soon.
We respect your privacy. Data Axle will use the information you provide in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of all marketing communications at any time.