http://www.translators.com/terms-and-conditions.html
Terms and Conditions
Terms and
Conditions ("Terms")Last updated:
July 7, 2016
Please read these
Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions")
carefully before using the www.Translators.com website (the
"Service") operated by Translators.com ("us",
"we", or "our").
Your access to
and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and
compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users
and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or
using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you
disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission
to access the Service.
Definitions:
In these terms and conditions:
1. “Confidential Information” means any proprietary
information, know-how and data disclosed in confidence by one party
to the other party (and including in the case of the Client the
Source Materials and the Deliverables), but does not include any
information which (a) is in the public domain; (b) on receipt by
the other party is already known by that party; (c) is at any time
after the date of receipt by the other party, received in good
faith by that party from a third party; (d) required by law to be
disclosed by the other party;“
1.2  “Contract” means
a contract comprising an Accepted Project and these terms and
conditions;
1.3  “Deliverables” means
the final deliverables produced as a result of the Services;
1.4  “Intellectual
Property” includes all copyright, trademarks, designs,
patents, domain names, concepts, know-how, trade secrets, logos and
all other similar property and rights whether registered or
unregistered;
1.5  “Services” means
the services specified in the Contract;
1.6  “Source
Materials” means the document/s submitted by the Client
to Translators.com for translation, as identified in the Quote;
1.7  “Translation”
means a translation or any other translation-related tasks such as
transcription, editing (revision and review), proofreading, etc.,
that require the skills of a translator;
1.8  “Translator” means
the contractor that performs translation services for
Translators.com and/or on behalf of its clients;
1.9  “Translators.com” means Translators.com, Inc. a
company registered in the State of Florida;
1.10  “Website” means
Translators.com’s website at www.Translators.com;
1.11  “Business
Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or
public holiday in The United States of America;
Communications
By creating an Account on our service, you agree to subscribe to
newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information
we may send. However, you may opt out of receiving any, or all, of
these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or
instructions provided in any email we send.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above
the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate,
complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or
obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your
account on the Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of
access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept
responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under
your account and/or password, whether your password is with our
Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon
becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your
account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or
that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is
subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you,
without appropriate authorization. You may not use as a username any
name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or
edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.
Relationship
Between Parties
Translator serves as an independent contractor of Translators.com in
the performance of Translator's Services under this Agreement.
Nothing contained or implied in this Agreement creates a relationship
of employer–employee between Translators.com and Translator nor
does it create a joint venture, partnership, or similar relationship
between Translators.com and Translator. Translator is free from
direction and control over the means and manner of providing the
Services, subject only to the right of Translators.com to specify the
desired results.
Translator understands and agrees that (a) Translator must file all
corporate and/or individual tax returns and pay Federal and State
taxes, as appropriate; (b) Translators.com is not responsible for
withholding any income or any other taxes with respect to
Translator’s fees; and (c) Translator has no claim against
Translators.com for any employee benefits of any kind. Translator
bears the full expenses of its operations. Translators.com is not
liable to Translator for any expenses paid by Translator, unless such
expenses have been agreed in advance in writing. Any reference made
in this Agreement to "in writing" includes e-mail and/or
facsimile communications.
Compensation
and Payment.
Translators.com agrees to pay Translator the fee(s) set forth in each
project assignment for Services. Any fee(s) agreed in advance between
Translator and Translators.com become(s) binding only after
Translator has received and reviewed the source material and
Translators.com’s instructions, and both parties have agreed in
writing on the project specifications. Supplementary charges may also
be agreed in advance, for example those arising from: (a)
inconsistent text, poorly legible copy, or complicated layout or
presentation; and/or (b) certification; and/or (c) priority work or
work outside normal business hours. If any changes/revisions are made
to the source text or project specifications at any time while the
task is in progress, Translator 's fee, charges, and terms of
delivery may be adjusted by mutual agreement in writing. In the event
a project assignment is cancelled while the task is in progress,
Translator 's fee is payable for all work completed up to the notice
of cancellation, provided such work is made available to
Translators.com.
Payment in full must be made by Translators.com to Translator no
later than 45 days from receipt of invoice by the method of payment
specified in writing between the Parties. Translator is entitled to
charge a late fee for any undisputed overdue payments. In no event
should payment to Translator be contingent upon payment to
Translators.com by the party who commissioned the work.
Delivery
Any delivery date(s) agreed to in advance between Translator and
Translators.com become(s) binding only after Translator has received
and reviewed the source material and Translators.com’s
instructions, and both parties have agreed in writing on the project
specifications. Unless otherwise agreed, Translators.com can
reasonably expect to receive the assigned project no later than the
normal close of business on the agreed-upon date of delivery.
Quality
Assurance
Any delivery date(s) agreed to in advance between Translator and
Translators.com become(s) binding only after Translator has received
and reviewed the source material and Translators.com’s
instructions, and both parties have agreed in writing on the project
specifications. Unless otherwise agreed, Translators.com can
reasonably expect to receive the assigned project no later than the
normal close of business on the agreed-upon date of delivery.
Term
This Agreement remains in effect indefinitely or until a new
“Agreement” is negotiated. Translator understands and agrees that
Translators.com will be utilizing Translator's Services only on an
as-needed basis and at Translators.com's discretion. The Translator
may, without penalty, decline to accept
Intellectual
Property
The Service and its original content (excluding Content provided by
users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive
property of Translators.com and its licensors. The Service is
protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United
States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not
be used in connection with any product or service without the prior
written consent of Translators.com.
Confidential
Information
The parties
recognize and acknowledge the confidential nature of the
Confidential
Information.
Neither
party may disclose any Confidential Information other than:
to its
directors, employees, contractors or subcontractors to the extent
necessary in the performance of the Contract;
with the
express prior written consent of the other party; or
with the
express prior written consent of the other party; or
Availability,
Errors and Inaccuracies
We are constantly updating product and service offerings on the
Service. We may experience delays in updating information on the
Service and in our advertising on other web sites. The information
found on the Service may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not
be complete or current. Products or services may be mispriced,
described inaccurately, or unavailable on the Service and we cannot
guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information found on
the Service.
We therefore reserve the right to change or update information and to
correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior
notice.
Links
To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services
that are not owned or controlled by Translators.com.
Translators.com has no control over, and assumes no responsibility
for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party
web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of
these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that Translators.com shall not be
responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss
caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or
reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or
through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy
policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the
Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our
sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation,
including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue
using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive
termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation,
ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations
of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Translators.com and
its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents,
officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages,
obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses
(including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or
arising out of
a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using
your account and password;
b) a breach of these Terms, or
c) Content posted on the Service.
Limitation
Of Liability
In no event shall Translators.com, nor its directors, employees,
partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any
indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages,
including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill,
or other intangible losses, resulting from
your access
to or use of or inability to access or use the Service;
any conduct
or content of any third party on the Service;
any content
obtained from the Service; and
unauthorized
access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether
based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any
other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the
possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is
found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided
on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The
Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express
or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement
or course of performance.
Translators.com its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do
not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure
or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or
defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other
harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet
your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties
or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or
incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing
Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the
laws of Florida, United States, without regard to its conflict of law
provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not
be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these
Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the
remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These
Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our
Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have
had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace
these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at
least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What
constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole
discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not
agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the
Service.
Contact Us
If you have any
questions about these Terms, please contact us.