https://www.fashiontv.com/terms/
What is your language?
Channel GuideFashionFuturum | Moscow 2020FashionTV ParisFashionTV GlobalFASHIONTV AFRICAFASHION DESTINATION | GREECETHE STORY OF ROBERTO CAVALLI | EP1THE STORY OF MEN FASHION WEEKSTHE STORY OF LOVE MAGAZINETHE STORY OF VICTORIA'S SECRETTHE STORY OF F-PARTIESFRESH FACES STORIESTHE STORY OF BRIDAL FASHIONTHE STORY OF BELLA HADID | EP2THE STORY OF ANNA EWERS | EP2THE STORY OF ADRIANA LIMA | EP2THE STORY OF GIGI HADID | EP2THE STORY OF TAYLOR HILL | EP2FASHION DESTINATION | USATHE STORY OF KAIA GERBER | EP2THE STORY OF DIOR | EP2THE STORY OF PHILIPP PLEIN | EP2THE STORY OF ROBERTO CAVALLI | EP2Fashion Destination | GermanyFASHION DESTINATION | UAETHE STORY OF MAX MARATHE STORY OF AMFAR GALA | S20E02THE STORY OF MARIA LISOWSKATHE STORY OF MODEL TALKS | S20E09THE STORY OF MISSONITHE STORY OF PRADA | EP2Who Loves FashionTV?The Story of f.BrandTHE STORY OF AMFAR GALA | S20E01THE STORY OF MODEL TALKS | S20E08THE STORY OF DE GRISOGONOFASHION DESTINATION | FRANCETHE STORY OF MODEL TALKS | S20E07THE STORY OF MODEL TALKS | S20E06FASHION DESTINATION | ITALYTHE STORY OF MODEL TALKS | S20E05THE STORY OF MODEL TALKS | S20E04THE STORY OF MODEL TALKS | S20E03Beauty | S19E01 | CampaignsTHE STORY OF MODEL TALKS | S20E02Bridal Fashion | S19E02 | DesignersTop Models | S19E01 | CampaignsF.Fitness | S19E01 | SportswearPhotographers | S19E01 | GlamourTop Models | S19E02 | Fashion FilmsFashion Films | S19E01 | ComedyBeauty | S19E02 | Everyday Make-UpTHE STORY OF PHILIPP PLEIN | EP1THE STORY OF LA PERLAThe story of Versace (4K+)VOGUE MAGAZINE SPECIALPIRELLI CALENDAR SPECIALTHE STORY OF AGENT PROVOCATEURF. Fitness | S19E02 | Top ModelsF-Men | S19E01 | CampaignsTHE STORY OF YVES SAINT LAURENTFirst Look Paris Couture S/S 2020Exodus To ShanghaiTHE STORY OF LANVINMIDNITE SECRETS | LINGERIETHE STORY OF MODEL TALKS | S20E01Fashion Destination | ThailandMIDNITE SECRETS | PHOTOSHOOTSMIDNITE SECRETS | SWIMWEARF-Men | S19E02 | MagazinesFashion Films | S19E02 | DramaFashion Destination | S19E01Fashion Teens | S19E01Bridal Fashion | S19E01 | CampaignsFTV World tour on F.DiamondSHOOTME! LA | Reality ShowShootMe! London | Reality ShowFashion Kids | S19E01THE STORY OF NATASHA POLYTHE STORY OF ANNA EWERS | EP1THE STORY OF ADRIANA LIMA | EP1THE STORY OF ARMANITHE KARDASHIANS SPECIALTHE BECKHAMS SPECIALTHE STORY OF BALMAINTHE STORY OF BELLA HADID | EP1THE STORY OF CHRISSY TEIGENTHE STORY OF DIOR | EP1THE STORY OF CHANELTHE STORY OF CARTIERTHE STORY OF CANDICE SWANEPOELSTEVEN MEISEL SPECIALSPORTS ILLUSTRATED STORYALLURE MAGAZINE SPECIALMidnight SecretsELLEN VON UNWERTH SPECIALHARPER'S BAZAAR MAGAZINE SPECIALMARIO TESTINO SPECIALLOVE MAGAZINE SPECIALINEZ & VINOODH SPECIALI-D MAGAZINE SPECIALTHE STORY OF DOLCE & GABBANATHE STORY OF DOUTZEN KROESTHE STORY OF NATALIA VODIANOVATHE STORY OF PRADA | EP1THE STORY OF MIU MIUTHE STORY OF MICHAEL KORSTHE STORY OF LOUIS VUITTONTHE STORY OF RALPH LAURENTHE STORY OF SARA SAMPAIOTHE STORY OF VALENTINOTHE STORY OF TOMMY HILFIGERTHE STORY OF TAYLOR HILL | EP1THE STORY OF STELLA MCCARTNEYTHE STORY OF KENDALL JENNERTHE STORY OF KATE MOSSTHE STORY OF GIGI HADID | EP1THE STORY OF GUCCITHE STORY OF FENDITHE STORY OF ELIE SAABTHE STORY OF DSQUARED2THE STORY OF IRINA SHAYKTHE STORY OF ISABELI FONTANATHE STORY OF KARLIE KLOSSTHE STORY OF KARL LAGERFELDTHE STORY OF KAIA GERBER | EP1THE STORY OF VERSACETHE STORY OF JOAN SMALLSVODLogin and SubscribeFTV+ iPhone AppFTV+ Android AppYou can find us on
Skip to content
LIVE
Corporate
Calendar
Binding contract
1. These terms and conditions (“Terms & Conditions”) are an agreement between you and FTV BVI LTD., a company duly registered under British Virgin Islands law, registration no. 226962 and having its registered offices at Akara bd,24 De Castro Str.Wickhams Cay 1,Road Town, Tortola, British Virg.Islands (“FTV BVI”), regarding your use of Fashion TV+ including applications, websites, Smart TV app and any other associated software (“Fashion TV+”).
2. Your legal agreement with Fashion TV is made up of (i) these Terms & Conditions; (ii) Fashion TV+ Privacy Policy and; (iii) Fashion TV+ Community Guidelines
I would add something about the fact that the user realizes that the content he will be exposed to may include commercial and advertisement content. As well, as he should allow us to show him advertisement matched to his profile. Usually said in a nice way, like – “in order to bring you the most relevant information, we will be using the data acquired from you into your profile, to decide which content you will be exposed to.
3. You hereby represent that you have the right, authority and capacity to enter into and be bound by these Terms & Conditions and that by using the Service you will not be violating any law or regulation of the country in which you are resident.
4. You should take the time to read these Terms & Conditions thoroughly and in full as they apply each and every time you use Fashion TV+.
5. The Terms apply whenever you visit Fashion TV+ whether or not you have chosen to register with us, so please read them carefully.
6. By registering, accessing or downloading the Fashion TV+ service and clicking the “Accept” button below, you hereby agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
7. if you do not accept and agree to these terms & conditions then you must not access or use fashion TV+.
8. You hereby acknowledge that by using Fashion TV+ you have read and understood these Terms & Conditions.
9. You hereby acknowledge that fashointv+ may change these Terms & Conditions, from time to time, for any reason and at its sole discretion, without notice (“Updated Terms & Conditions”). Such Updated Terms & Conditions shall enter into effect by their posting on the Service.
10. You agree that Fashion TV may notify you of the Updated Terms & Conditions by posting them on the Service and/or by email, and that your use of the Service after the effective date of the Updated Terms & Conditions (or engaging in such other conduct as we may reasonably specify) constitutes your agreement to the Updated Terms & Conditions. If you do not accept changes that were made to these Terms & Conditions, you should stop using Fashion TV+ immediately. Your continued use of Fashion TV+ following any change constitutes your acceptance of the Updated Terms & Conditions and you will be legally bound by them.
11. Your use of the Fashion TV+ must comply with these Terms & Conditions.
12. WARNING: Even if you are old enough to use the Service, some of the content available within the Service may not be appropriate for you or people related to you. Some content may contain nudity, profanity, and mature subject matter, with or without marking.
Fashion TV+ Service
13. Fashion TV+ is a video application that allows users to easily search for fashion videos, follow specific brands, models and styles for updates and news, and create playlists of their favorite videos. The videos that can be viewed through Fashion TV+ include Fashion TV programs as well as videos embedded from publicly available websites (“Service”). The Service enables you to view fashion videos easily and comfortably by pre-selecting publicly available material, categorizing it and combining it with editorial info.
14. Part of the Service is provided free-of-charge. Fashion TV reserves the right to change/add a subscription based service/have certain parts of the Service require payment in order to access.
15. Fashion TV may at any time modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently the Service, or any part of thereof, for any reason and at its sole discretion, without notice, and will not be held liable for any loss or damage that may be caused as a result of or in connection thereto.
16. Non-registered users are able to access only that portion of Fashion TV+ that is publicly available. They will not have a User Account or the ability to upload any Content. The extent of registered users’ access to Fashion TV+ will depend on certain criteria relating to their Profile being met. We may change or update the criteria from time to time without prior notice and at our discretion.
17. Fashion TV reserves the right to refuse, at its own discretion and without having to provide explanation of any kind, access to the Service for anyone for any reason at any time.
Paid Services
18. Fashion TV offers you the opportunity to pay for certain services offered through the Service. Fashion TV+’s premium services may include exclusive content or first viewing rights. All of these premium services can be purchased after you register, and you may subscribe to the premium services for various lengths of time. Once you have paid for any premium services, payments are non-refundable
19. Once you have requested a Fashion TV+ premium service, you authorize Fashion TV to charge your chosen payment method. If you want to cancel or change your payment method at any time, you can do so either via the payment settings option under your profile or by contacting your mobile service provider. If your chosen payment method is via your mobile service provider, then please check with them about their payment terms, as their payment terms will govern how payments to Fashion TV are made as well as how such payments may be changed or cancelled. Your subscription to Fashion TV+’s premium services will automatically renew until you decide to cancel, and if you have enabled the auto top-up feature, your account will automatically be topped up until you decide to disable this feature.
20. If you elect to partake in any of Fashion TV+ premium features or range of services designed to improve your Fashion TV+ user experience, you agree to use these services for yourself and not to transfer, for free or as a sale, or purchase, or sell such services from other Fashion TV+ users. Fashion TV reserves the right not to honor any paid for services where you have attempted to transfer those services to another use or you have attempted to buy those services from another user. Fashion TV will only provide paid for services to you if you are the person to whom it was issued.
21. Fashion TV reserves the right to expire any unused credits after 6 months. If you delete your User Account or if your User Account is terminated by us due to a breach of these Terms & Conditions, you will lose any accumulated credits. If you receive free or promotional credits, we may expire them at any time. Credits are not redeemable for any sum of money or monetary value from us unless we agree otherwise in writing.
Registration and creating User Account
22. You hereby represent that you are at least 18 years old. You may only use Fashion TV+ if you are 18 years old or older (or the age of majority in the country in which you reside if that happens to be greater than 18).
23. You hereby represent that all information you provide upon registration to the Service and creating a user account (“User Account”) and at all other times, is and will be true, accurate, current and complete and you agree to update your information as necessary to maintain its truth and accuracy.
24. You may not create a User Account for anyone other than yourself.
25. You may not create User Accounts with the Service through unauthorized means, including but not limited to, by using an automated device, script, bot, spider, crawler, or scraper.
26. Fashion TV+ reserves the right to force forfeiture of any username for any reason.
User’s Responsibility and Liability
27. You are solely responsible for any activity that occurs through your account, including but not limited to, your interaction with other users of the Service whether online or offline. Fashion TV+ will not be held liable for any claims that may arise as a result of such activity or interaction. You hereby acknowledge that Fashion TV+ is not responsible or liable for the conduct of any user. Fashion TV+ reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor or become involved in disputes between you and other users.
28. You are solely responsible for making all the necessary arrangements to ensure you can access Fashion TV+ including, but not limited to, Internet provider and mobile internet provider fees and, any other charges associated with such access.
29. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Fashion TV harmless from any and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses and expenses, including without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with any of the following: (i) your use of the Service; (ii) your breach or alleged breach of the Terms & Conditions; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limiting to and intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right; (iv) your violation of any laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances or orders of any governmental and quasi-governmental authorities, including, without limitation, all regulatory, administrative and legislative authorities; or (v) any misrepresentation made by you. You will cooperate as fully required by Fashion TV+ in the defense of any claim. Fashion TV+ reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, and you will not in any event settle any claim without the prior written consent of Fashion TV+.
Security
30. You are responsible for keeping your password secret and secure. You must not share your login details with anyone. Only you are authorized to access your account with Fashion TV+.
31. You must notify Fashion TV immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account that you become aware of. If you suspect someone gained access to your User Account, you must immediately change your login details.
32. You agree not to collect or harvest any personal data of any user of the Service.
33. You agree that you will not solicit, collect, or use login credentials of other users of the Service.
34. You may not interfere with or disrupt the Service, the security of the Service, servers or networks connected to the Service by transmitting any worms, viruses, spyware, malware or any other code of a destructive or disruptive nature. You may not inject content or code or otherwise alter or interfere with the way any Fashion TV page is rendered or displayed in a user’s browser or device.
35. You may not change, modify, adapt or alter the Service or change, modify or alter another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service or Fashion TV. You may not reverse engineer any part of the Service, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law.
User’s Conduct on the Fashion TV+ App
36. You must comply with Fashion TV+ Community Guidelines.
37. You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic, or sexually suggestive content via the Service.
38. You may not post private or confidential information including, without limiting to your or any other person’s credit card information, social security or alternate national identity numbers, non-public phone numbers or non-public email addresses.
39. You may not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate, or intimidate people or entities.
40. You may not attempt to restrict another user from using or enjoying the Service and you must not encourage or facilitate violations of these Terms & Conditions.
Restriction on Use of the Service
41. You agree you will not sell, transfer, license or otherwise assign your account, user name or any account rights.
42. You agree not to use the Service for any illegal, unauthorized, unlawful of otherwise prohibited purpose by these Terms & Conditions.
43. The Service may be used for personnel use only; any commercial use of the Service is strictly prohibited. In particular, you agree not to access the Content for any reason other than your personal, non-commercial use solely as intended through and permitted in these Terms & Conditions and by the normal functionality of the Service, and solely for streaming.
44. You agree to comply with all local laws, rules and regulations applicable to your use of the Service, including but not limited to copyright laws.
45. Certain features of the Service allow you to share content with others. You may only share content as permitted in these Terms & Conditions and by the normal functionality of the Service.
User Content
46. When you upload User Content to Fashion TV+ it can be accessed and viewed by the general public. If you still do not want such User Content to be viewed by others, then you should not upload it to Fashion TV+. Fashion TV reserves the right (without obligation) at its sole discretion and without giving you notice, to remove or edit, limit or block access to any User Content that you upload or submit to Fashion TV+ without any incurring liability to you. We have no obligation to display any User Content that you submit to Fashion TV+, nor to check the accuracy or truthfulness of any User Content submitted to Fashion TV+, nor to monitor your use or the use of other users of the Service.
Intellectual Property Rights in the Content
47. You hereby acknowledge that the Service contains Fashion TV owned content (“Fashion TV Content”) and that all rights to the Fashion TV Content are solely owned by Fashion TV. You hereby acknowledge that the Service merely provides access to Fashion TV Content, by means of streaming from Fashion TV’s servers, and in no way, shape or form gives you any rights to the Fashion TV Content whatsoever, including but not limited to, licenses, sub-licenses or the like.
48. You hereby acknowledge that in addition to the Fashion TV Content the Service provides access to third party owned content and therefore may be subject to third party rights (“Third Party Content”). It is hereby clarified that all Third Part Content is publicly available on different web sources and Fashion TV assumes no right whatsoever in Third Party Content, including but not limited to, Intellectual Property Rights such as copyrights in the Third Party Content itself, trademarks that may appear in connection thereto, etc.
49. You hereby acknowledge that while the Service allows you to view Third Party Content easily and comfortably by pre-selecting publicly available material, categorizing it and combining it with editorial info, Fashion TV merely provides you access to Third Party Content, by means of streaming from publicly available websites owned and controlled by third parties, and in no way, shape or form gives you any rights to the Content whatsoever, including but not limited to, licenses, sub-licenses or the like.
Fashion TV Content and Third Party Content will be collectively referred to as “Content”.
50. You hereby acknowledge that Fashion TV has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for any Content. In particular, Fashion TV does not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or made available in connection with Content. Fashion TV is not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on or made available in connection with Content.
Fashiontv may promote and expose ability to access commercial links to official brand sites or direct sales links or any other associated links which it will find. fashiontv keeps the right to collect data of your clicks, use cookies and cooperate with third party companies to allocate the user of third-party sites.
51. You hereby acknowledge and agree that Fashion TV is not responsible for the availability of any Content and that Fashion TV is not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the unavailability of Content. in particular Fashion TV has no control over and assumes no responsibility for Third Party content’s availability based on age, IP address or geo-location.
52. You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part, unless Fashion TV makes available the means for such distribution through functionality offered by the Service, provided that you ensure that such distribution is compliant with these Terms & Conditions, all applicable laws and the terms governing any website to which the Content is distributed.
53. You hereby acknowledge that the Service may contain links to third party websites (“Third Party Websites”) that are not owned or controlled by Fashion TV. Fashion TV has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the Third Party Websites’ privacy policies or practices,. In addition, Fashion TV will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third party website. By using the Service, you expressly relieve Fashion TV from any and all liability arising from your use of third party websites.
54. You hereby acknowledge that the Service may promote and expose ability to access commercial links to official brand websites or direct sales links or any other associated links which it will find relevant.
55. Any access to third party sites, or installing third party application, software or the like, is at your own risk and for which you are solely responsible. You should be aware that third party sites, applications, software or the like are not governed by these Terms & Conditions and you should review the applicable terms and policies prior to the aforementioned use.
Intellectual Property Rights in the Fashion TV+ App
56. You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights in the Fashion TV+, including but not limited to, the technology, trademarks, logos, text, interface design, graphics and the like, is owned solely by Fashion TV (“Fashion TV’s Intellectual Property”).
57. You may not make any use of Fashion TV’s Intellectual Property without prior and express written consent. In particular, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit any of Fashion TV’s Intellectual Property, in any medium, without Fashion TV’s prior written consent.
Warranty and Limitation of Liability
58. The Service is provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis. You hereby agree and acknowledge that Fashion TV does not make any representations or warranties, expressed or implied, as to (i) the Service; (ii) the Content; (iii) and the security of the Service. In particular, Fashion TV does not make any representations or warranties, expressed or implied, as to the quality, accuracy, functionality, availability or performance of the Service.
59. You hereby acknowledge that the use of the Service is at your own risk. Accordingly, Fashion TV will not be held liable for any loss or damage of any kind that, including damage caused to third parties, occurs directly or indirectly from (i) the Service; (ii) your use of the Service; (iii) the Content; (iv) and error or omission of the Service.
60. Fashion TV does not make any representations or warranties, expressed or implied, that the service will be uninterrupted, timely or free from error, and will always function without delays, disruptions, or imperfections or that any content or information you obtain on or through the Service will be timely or accurate. You hereby acknowledge that defects may not be corrected or that Fashion TV+ or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or bugs, spyware, Trojan horses or any similar malicious software. Fashion TV not be held liable for any damage to your computer hardware, computer software, or other equipment or technology including, but without limitation damage from any security breach or from any virus, bugs, tampering, fraud, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer line or network failure or any other technical or other malfunction.
61. Fashion TV does not warrant that the Fashion TV+ App is compatible with all devices. Accordingly, Fashion TV will not be held liable for any loss or damage, including but not limited to damage to the User’s device, any personnel data stored on the User’s device or other equipment or technology. Fashion TV shall not be held responsible for any reduced functionality you may encounter as result of or in connection with accessing Fashion TV through mobile services or any similar service currently known or developed in the future.
62. In no event shall Fashion TV, its officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content; (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the Service; (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein; (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our services; (v) any bugs, viruses, Trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through the Service by any third party; and/or (vi) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Service, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the company is advised of the possibility of such damages. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.
63. You specifically acknowledge that Fashion TV shall not be liable for content or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you.
64. Some of the Service is supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions. You acknowledge that Fashion TV may not identify paid service, sponsored content or commercial communications as such.
Termination
65. Both you and Fashion TV may terminate the service at any time, for any reason, and without prior notice.
66. Without derogating from the generality of the above, if you violate these Terms & Conditions, Fashion TV can stop providing all or part of the Service to you and disable your User Account, in its sole discretion to: (i) suspend or revoke you registration (where applicable) and your right to access and/or use Fashion TV+; and (ii) make use of any operational, technological, legal or other means available to enforce these Terms & Conditions, including without limitation to, blocking specific IP addresses.
67. If you are not satisfied with the service, for any reason, you may close your Fashion TV+ Account and terminate the service. Such termination shall be your sole and exclusive remedy.
68. You hereby acknowledge that all information provided by you upon registration to Fashion TV and obtained during your use of the Service (including your profile information) may be retained, and Fashion TV may continue to use such information for any purposes and under the conditions described in the privacy policy. It is hereby clarified that Fashion TV is not obligated to retain any of the aforementioned information and will not be liable for any loss or damage incurred as a result or in connection with the loss of the aforementioned information.
Communication
69. You agree that Fashion TV may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to these Terms & Conditions by email, mail or postings on the Service.
70. By accessing Fashion TV+ or agreeing to receive messages or notifications from Fashion TV through your mobile phone and/or any other connected media device, you accept that you may incur charges from your internet or mobile service provider. Fashion TV shall not under any circumstances be liable for such charges.
71. If you wish to communicate with Fashion TV you may do so by sending an email to support@ftv.com.
Reporting Violations, Abuse and Complaints
72. Reporting Copyright and Other IP Violations. Fashion TV provides you with tools to help you protect intellectual property rights. To learn more about how to report claims of intellectual property infringement, fill out the form available on:
73. Reporting abuse or complain about content. Fashion TV provide you with tools to help you report any abuse or complain about Content on Fashion TV+ by contacting us via Feedback page, outlining the abuse and or complaint.
Dispute Resolution, Governing Law and Exclusive Jurisdiction
74. Any dispute or claim arising from or connected to these Terms & Conditions or to your use of the Service will be exclusively governed by the laws of British Virgin Islands, regardless of your country of origin or the location you access or use the Service from.
75. You and Fashion TV hereby agree that all claims arising from or howsoever connected to these Terms & Conditions or to your use of the Service will be resolved exclusively by the competent courts located in British Virgin Islands and such courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any and all such disputes. You hereby submit yourself to the jurisdiction of such courts and agree that court documents sent by email to the email address you last provided to Fashion TV shall be deemed received by you twenty-four (24) hours after its sending.
76. It is hereby clarified that the Fashion TV+ Software is solely owned and operated by FTV BVI. FTV BVI is a stand-alone company, and assumes all legal responsibility for any claims of any kind arising from or in connection to these Terms & Conditions or your use of the Service; thus, any such claim may only be brought before FTV BVI and it alone and not before any other company associated, partnered or recognized with Fashion TV, including but not limited to, any other company which has a similar name in a different country.
Miscellaneous
77. These Terms & Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Fashion TV and govern your use of the Service and supersede any previous agreement between you and Fashion TV in relation to the Service.
78. No failure or delay by Fashion TV in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms & Conditions shall operate as a waiver of such right or acceptance of any variation of these Terms & Conditions and nor shall any single or partial exercise by either party of any right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise of that right or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
79. In the event there is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translated copies of these Terms & Conditions, the English version shall prevail.
80. If any provision or provisions of these Terms & Conditions shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
And then again, big part of the content is NOT EXLUSIVE in any way, and can be found on the web on the original embedding resource, as well as on other ones.
Fashion TV+ Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how FTV BVI collects, uses, share and protects information about you when you use Fashion TV+ (“Fashion TV+”) and the choices FTV BVI offers to access and update information.
By opening a user account (“User Account”) and using Fashion TV+, you agree that FTV BVI will collect, use and disclose your personal information as described below.
By opening a User Account, you disclose identifying information, including name, age, gender, and other details, all such details will be published and accessible without any limitation.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Privacy Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access Fashion TV+ (“Users”).
If you have any concerns regarding providing information or having information disclosed to third parties, you should not open a User Account.
You hereby acknowledge that FTV BVI may change this Privacy Policy, from time to time, for any reason and at its sole discretion, without notice (“Updated Privacy Policy”). FTV BVI will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without you consent.
You hereby acknowledge that FTV BVI may notify you of the Updated Privacy Policy by posting it on Fashion TV+ and/or by email, by means which will allow you to review the changes. Your use of Fashion TV+ after the effective date of the Updated Privacy Policy (or engaging in such other conduct as we may reasonably specify) constitutes your acceptance and consent of the modification were made to the Updated Privacy Policy. If you do not accept changes that were made to this Privacy Policy, you should stop using Fashion TV+ immediately.
Information that we collect
1. Information you provide us directly such as your username, password and email address when you open a User Account and profile information that you provide for your user profile (e.g., first and last name, phone number, etc.).
2. Your communications with FTV BVI (e.g., service related emails such as account verification, changes / updates to features of Fashion TV+, technical and security notice, etc. (“Service Related communications”)).
3. Information about you from third parties’ services, such as user account and available information about the account in third party social networks, as well as information stored on your device, including your contact and address book.
4. Information we get from your use of Fashion TV+, including:
4.1. Device Information – When you use a mobile device such as a tablet or phone to access Fashion TV+, FTV BVI may access, collect, monitor or store on your device and/or remotely store device-specific information. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device (e.g., your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information including phone number, etc.);
4.2. Log Information – Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access (i.e., visit) a web page or app. It can also be provided when the content of the webpage or app is downloaded to your browser or device. When you use Fashion TV+ or view content available on Fashion TV+, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs, such as details of how you used Fashion TV+, your search queries, telephony logs information like your phone number, calling-party number. Forwarding numbers, time and date of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls, internet protocols address, device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language and date and time of your request and referral URL;
4.3. Location Information – When you use Fashion TV+, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide FTV BVI with information on nearby devices, Wi¬Fi access points and cell towers;
4.4. Unique Application Numbers – Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to FTV BVI when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates;
4.5. Local Storage – We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches;
4.6. Cookies and Similar technologies – We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit Fashion TV+, and this may include using cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device. We also use these technologies to collect and store information when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services;
4.7. Metadata – Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For example, when you use functions such as hashtag, geotag, comments or other data, this data is collected in order to make your User Content more searchable by others.
4.8. Analytics Information – We may directly collect analytics data, or use third party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for Fashion TV+. These tools collect information sent by your browser, including the pages you visit and other information that assists us in improving the service provided by Fashion TV+. We collect and use this analytics information in aggregate form such that it cannot reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular individual user.
5. FTV BVI may store information for as long as it is necessary, at its sole discretion, however FTV BVI is not obligated to retain any of the aforementioned information or provide you with a copy thereof.
How we use information that we collect
6. We use the information we collect in order to : (i) Help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; (ii) Provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of the service provided by Fashion TV+; (iii) Diagnose or fix technology problems; (iv) develop and test new products and features; (v) Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection to Fashion TV+ and make Fashion TV+ more personalized; (vi) maintain and protect Fashion TV+ and (vii) remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit to Fashion TV+.
7. We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve you ads or services to your devices which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or by third parties.
8. Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails); we may use this information and other information that results from your use of Fashion TV+ in order to provide you with personally relevant product features, such as customized search results and tailored advertising.
9. We may send you updates, marketing materials and other information that may be of interest to you. For example, weekly updates that include content you may like.
10. We may use your email address to inform you about our services.
Transparency and choice
11. You can make choices about how your information is used in the following ways:
11.1. Update your account at any time by logging in and changing your profile settings;
11.2. Unsubscribe from email communications from Fashion TV+ by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. Please note that you may not opt out of service related communications;
11.3. Change privacy settings and preferences of your device;
11.4. Set your browser to block cookies.
Information that you share
12. The Service allows you to share information with others. Such information may be indexed by search engines.
13. We do not share personal information with companies, unless one of the following applies:
13.1. With your consent – We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of FTV BVI when we have your consent to do so. We require opt ¬in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information;
13.2. For External Processing – We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures;
13.3. Legal Reasons – We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of FTV BVI if we have a good ¬faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: (i) meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; (ii) enforce the applicable Terms & Conditions, including investigation of potential violations; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of FTV BVI, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
14. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
15. Please note that even after removal of information posted on Fashion TV+, copies of it may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of Fashion TV+.
Parties with whom Fashion TV share your information
16. Affiliates – We may share your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that FTV BVI is part of, or that become part of that group (“Affiliates”). Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service provided by Fashion TV+ (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates’ own services (including by providing you with better
17. and more relevant experiences). Affiliates with whom we share your information will honor the preferences and privacy settings you made;
18. Service Providers – We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service provided by Fashion TV+ to you such as vendors, consultant and other third-party services providers (“Service Providers”). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service provided by Fashion TV+ and to accomplish any work on FTV BVI’s behalf under reasonable confidentiality terms who.
19. We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information would allow third-party ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
20. We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
21. If FTV BVI will change its control (sell or merge or otherwise transfer part or the whole of Fashion TV assets to another entity), all the information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred.
Transferring of information
22. FTV BVI may store the information collected on servers of third parties in any country in the world, and may transfer to and/or make copies from of his information, in any country of the world.
Keeping information after termination of service
23. Following termination or deactivation of your User Account, FTV BVI, its Affiliates or its Service Providers may retain information (including your profile information) to be used for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Miscellaneous
24. From time to time we may allow third parties to offer to Fashion TV+ Users various services, including but not limited to allowing you to use a link to go from Fashion TV+ to another website or service. You acknowledge and agree that accessing, downloading or installing third party websites or service is done at your own risk. We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from Fashion TV+, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from Fashion TV+ to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content.
25. In addition, you may log on to the Fashion TV+ by using third party services’ credentials. Such usage may subject you to the terms and conditions and privacy policy of such third parties but it does not exempt you from your obligations under Fashion TV’s Terms & Conditions and does not detract from Fashion TV’s rights under this Privacy Policy.