http://www.mexpro.com/mexico/intl_privacy_policy.html
Toggle navigation
1-855-MEXPRO1
Español
1-855-Mexpro1
Search Mexpro
Home
Español
BUY NOW
LOG IN
Insurance
Auto
Motorcycle
RV
USA Tourist Auto
Homeowners
Boat/Watercraft
Travel Health
Travel Medevac Insurance
Customer Service
Claims
About
1-855-Mexpro1
LOG IN
BUY NOW
x
Purchased With Us Before?
If you purchased with us before, you can quickly re-issue a new policy.Click here to set up a password.
Already Have Your Password?
Close
Mexico Insurance Privacy & Security Statement
Security Statement
International Insurance Group, Inc. offers a state-of-the-art, real-time transaction system, that uses industry standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, as well as private links to international banking networks, to ensure your information is quickly and securely authorized and processed.
Your credit card information is protected in two ways. First of all, as a result of the SSL-based encryption, your card number is ALWAYS secure during transmission. A visual means of confirming this is for you to watch the small lock and key icon in your browser. While on any page where financial information is to be entered, this icon will change to a locked padlock state, denoting a secure page. This security measure is privately audited by an independent third-party, Veri-Sign (one the Internet's oldest and most trusted security auditors), whose icon you can click on from any secured page to confirm its secure status.
Secondly, our private links to banking networks ensure that your sensitive information is ALWAYS secure once we have received it. All the information traveling on our banking network is guaranteed 100% secure - in fact, it's more heavily-encrypted than your private telephone conversations!
Credit Card Transactions: Credit card transactions are processed by Braintree Payments which has confidentiality of transactions covered by their privacy policy. A professional payment authorization service was chosen for added security. Braintree Payments offers secure encrypted credit card transactions for thousands of companies and has security measures in place that cannot be duplicated by smaller sites. Information collected during transactions is maintained in their database for accounting and billing purposes.
International Insurance Group, Inc. actively works with international banking institutions and law enforcement to discover and prosecute cases of fraudulent credit card use. All connections to, and transactions within International Insurance Group, Inc. products are logged and regularly audited. WE USE ALL MEANS AVAILABLE TO US TO PURSUE CRIMINAL PROSECUTION AGAINST PERSONS ATTEMPTING FRAUD OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OUR SYSTEMS, IN ALL ICPO/INTERPOL JURISDICTIONS.
Privacy Statement
International Insurance Group, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and security online. Please read the following policy so that you will fully understand how your personal information will be treated as you use International Insurance Group, Inc. Our policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs):
Q: What personally identifiable information do we collect, and who is collecting it?
A: When you receive a quote and/or purchase Mexico Travel, RV, motorcycle or international health insurance from International Insurance Group, Inc., we will ask you for your personal information. Additionally, if you contact International Insurance Group, Inc., we may keep a record of that correspondence. Wherever International Insurance Group, Inc. collects personal information we will provide a link to this Privacy Policy. International Insurance Group, Inc. partners or websites that have links to or from our sites may collect personal information about you via their separate websites. Please be aware that the information collected by these partners or websites is not covered under this privacy statement.
Q: How do we use the information we get?
A: International Insurance Group, Inc. collects information in order to provide our users with personalized and customized service. We may also use the information to estimate our audience size and measure website traffic patterns. We will often use the information we collect to notify you of important functionality changes to International Insurance Group, Inc., new services, and other important information related to our products. If you would rather not receive such information, please contact us at Mexico@Mexpro.com. If you have more than one International Insurance Group, Inc. account, make sure you change your preferences for each account or e-mail name you have with us. International Insurance Group, Inc. researches our user demographics and interests based upon the information that you provide. We do this to better customize your experience, and we may share this research with our partners. International Insurance Group, Inc. may disclose any of the information that we receive to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other insurers with whom we have joint marketing agreements.
Q: How does International Insurance Group, Inc. protect your information?
A: When you submit any files, information, or access your account, International Insurance Group, Inc. uses a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all the information that you provide before it is sent to us. Additionally, we take reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to all of your data.
Your International Insurance Group, Inc. account is password-protected so that only you have access to this personal information. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. International Insurance Group, Inc. will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail.
Unfortunately, no data transmission can ever be 100% secure. While we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of the personal information that you transmit. You transmit such information at your own risk. Once we receive such information we will use our best efforts to maintain security on our system.
Q: What are cookies?
A: As part of customizing and personalizing your service, International Insurance Group, Inc. uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of information that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. The cookie stores information and is sent when you register or sign in. Cookies track your use and the number of entries in our promotions, sweepstakes, and contests. Cookies also help us to estimate the size of our audience and measure website traffic patterns. Additionally, our partners may also use their own cookies.
Q: With whom does International Insurance Group, Inc. share information?
A: International Insurance Group, Inc. will generally not disclose any of your personal information except when we have your permission or in special circumstances, such as when we have a good faith believe that such disclosure is necessary to comply with legal requirements, respond to claims that any files or data violate the rights of third-parties, or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of International Insurance Group, Inc., its users, or the public. For example, International Insurance Group, Inc. will make such disclosures necessary under the reporting procedures of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
International Insurance Group, Inc. may disclose any of the information that we receive to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other insurers with whom we have joint marketing agreements. However, you can always tell us not to share your information with third parties by sending a blank e-mail message to Mexico@Mexpro.com. If you use more than one account, please send us this message from each e-mail account you use.
International Insurance Group, Inc. partners or websites that have links on our site may collect personal information about you. Please be aware that the information collected by these partners or websites is not covered under this privacy statement.
Q: Does International Insurance Group, Inc. allow customers to update or change their personally identifiable information?
You may update or change your account information by contacting us at Mexico@Mexpro.com or via our secure customer log in page.
Your Consent
By using our software and service, you consent to the collection and the use of your personal information by International Insurance Group, Inc. If we decide to modify our Privacy Statement, we will post those changes on this page. Please check back periodically so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
We welcome your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to Mexico@Mexpro.com.
California Residents, please read our Notice to California Consumers.