https://www.atwfeedscrews.com/privacy-policy/
Call Us
321.783.5626
info@atwfeedscrews.com Quote Cart Checkout Account About FAQ’s
0 Items
Privacy Policy:Advanced Technologies Worldwide, Inc. ("Advanced Technologies Worldwide") operates ATWfeedscrews.com and may operate other websites. It is Advanced Technologies Worldwide policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Advanced Technologies Worldwide collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Advanced Technologies Worldwide purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Advanced Technologies Worldwide visitors use its website. From time to time, Advanced Technologies Worldwide may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.Advanced Technologies Worldwide also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on ATWfeedscrews.com blogs/sites. Advanced Technologies Worldwide only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Advanced Technologies Worldwide websites choose to interact with Advanced Technologies Worldwide in ways that require Advanced Technologies Worldwide to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Advanced Technologies Worldwide gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at ATWfeedscrews.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Advanced Technologies Worldwide are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Advanced Technologies Worldwide collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Advanced Technologies Worldwide. Advanced Technologies Worldwide does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated StatisticsAdvanced Technologies Worldwide may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Advanced Technologies Worldwide may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Advanced Technologies Worldwide does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationAdvanced Technologies Worldwide discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Advanced Technologies Worldwide behalf or to provide services available at Advanced Technologies Worldwide websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Advanced Technologies Worldwide websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Advanced Technologies Worldwide will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Advanced Technologies Worldwide discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Advanced Technologies Worldwide believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Advanced Technologies Worldwide, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Advanced Technologies Worldwide website and have supplied your email address, Advanced Technologies Worldwide may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Advanced Technologies Worldwide and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Advanced Technologies Worldwide takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Advanced Technologies Worldwide uses cookies to help Advanced Technologies Worldwide identify and track visitors, their usage of Advanced Technologies Worldwide website, and their website access preferences. Advanced Technologies Worldwide visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Advanced Technologies Worldwide websites, with the drawback that certain features of Advanced Technologies Worldwide websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf Advanced Technologies Worldwide, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Advanced Technologies Worldwide goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Advanced Technologies Worldwide may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.AdsAds appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Advanced Technologies Worldwide and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Advanced Technologies Worldwide may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Advanced Technologies Worldwide sole discretion. Advanced Technologies Worldwide encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a ATWfeedscrews.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.If You Have Questions, We Have Answers!Contact Us Now!
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
LinkedIn