http://www.lilly.ie/en/privacy.aspx
Careers
Investors
Patients
Contact Us
Worldwide
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Chile
China
Columbia
Costa Rica
Denmark
Ecuador
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
India
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Korea
Latin America
Mexico
Netherlands
Norway
Pakistan
Peru
Philippines
Russia
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
United States
Venezuela
AAA
Eli Lilly and Company
Home
About Us
Responsibility
Products
R&D
Lilly in Europe
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Scope of this Website Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Statement is intended to let you know what information Eli Lilly and Company (Ireland) Limited, Eli Lilly Kinsale Limited and Eli Lilly Cork Limited may collect about you and how we use that information. This Privacy Statement applies to websites that link to this statement when you click on "Privacy Statement" in the website footer, as well as mobile applications and digital services that link to or post this Privacy Statement. In this Privacy Statement, we will refer to the websites, Apps, and Digital Services that may link to or post this Privacy Statement as “websites.”
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Summary:  This website may collect Personal Information that either directly identifies you or could be used in combination with other information to identify you. Examples of Personal Information that directly identify you include your name, contact information, email address, and other information in combination with identifiers. Our websites may also collect Personal Information that does not directly identify you by name or contact information but which may be used to identify that a specific computer or device has accessed our website.
Through this website we may collect the following information about you:
Contact information:  This might include information such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other similar information ("Personal Information"). We collect this information so that we can communicate with you. You may always refuse to provide Personal Information to us, but then we may not be able to provide you with certain information, products, or services.
Additional Information:  Certain areas of our Websites allow you to share additional Personal Information with us. For example, you may subscribe to one of our mailing lists or newsletters. We may use the information you provide to send your requested information, respond to your inquiry, improve our websites, verify your relationship with us, and take other actions that may be necessary to respond to your request.
Interests and preferences: This information lets us better understand how to best serve you based on your interest in our products and services. This information may include your preferences about how to contact you, further develop a business or professional relationship, understand product preferences, languages, marketing preferences and some demographic data. Some of this information we collect with your consent and some of this information we collect automatically for our legitimate business purposes.
Website Usage:  We use this information to manage and secure our websites, network systems and other assets. This may include information about your IP (“Internet Protocol”) address, the date and time of your website session, geographic location, and how you have navigated the website, and other information collected through our weblogs, cookies or in other ways. This may also include information that does not directly identify you but which corresponds to your device. It is possible that your IP Address, or a cookie that we use, may contain information that may be considered Personal Information. How we use Cookies and other technologies is described in more detail below. This information is collected automatically, for our legitimate business purposes.
We may also use the information to meet legal or regulatory obligations, such as adverse event reporting or to enforce our rights; and for company record retention, website management, research and product development that are in the legitimate interest of Lilly.
Where permitted by law, we may also enhance or merge information about you, including Personal Information, with information about you obtained from third parties for the same purposes shared above. Your information may also be used for profiling for the same purposes shared above. You may object to profiling via automated-decision making by contacting us using the information in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Web beaconsThis site may use a technology known as web beacons that allows the collection of web log information. A web beacon is a tiny graphic on a web page or in an e-mail message designed to track pages viewed or messages opened. Web log information is gathered when you visit one of our websites by the computer that hosts our website (called a "webserver").
On certain web pages or in emails we send to you, we may utilize a technology called a “web beacon” (also known as an “action tag” or “clear GIF technology”). We may use web beacons to help determine which email messages sent by us were opened and whether a message was acted upon. Web beacons also help analyze the effectiveness of websites by measuring the number of visitors to a site or how many visitors clicked on key elements of a site.
CookiesThis website may use a technology called a "cookie". A cookie is a small data file that a website can place on your computer’s hard drive, where your internet browser files are kept. A cookie saves you the trouble of reentering certain information in some registration areas because cookies can be used to enable a site to “remember” information a visitor has previously inputted. A cookie also helps deliver content used -specific information to you and track how sections of the website are used. Cookies can be placed on your computer both by us and by third parties with whom we have a relationship, such as web analytic services and advertising network services. With most Internet browsers or other software, you can change your browser settings to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please check your browser instructions to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, functionality of the site may be limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the site's features.
Do Not Track There are different ways you can prevent tracking of your online activity. One of them is setting a preference in your browser that alerts websites you visit that you do not want them to collect certain information about you. This is referred to as a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) signal. Please note that currently our websites and web-based resources do not respond to these signals from web browsers. At this time, there is no universally accepted standard for what a company should do when a DNT signal is detected.
Choices about CookiesThe European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance keeps a website where people can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from some or all of the network advertising companies participating in the program. You can find information about the EIDAA here www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Reasons Your Information is Shared
We may share your Personal Information with our agents, contractors or partners in connection with work that they do for, or with, Lilly, such as sending email messages, managing data, hosting our databases, providing data processing services, providing customer service, or so we may enhance or add data about you from these other entities. These agents, contractors or partners are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for us, or services for the collaboration in which they are engaged with us (for example, some of our products are developed and marketed through joint agreements with other companies).
We will share Personal Information to respond to subpoenas or other lawful information requests of governmental authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, to provide Internet security, or where required by law. In exceptionally rare circumstances where national, state or company security is at issue, we reserves the right to share our entire database of visitors and customers with appropriate governmental authorities.
We may also provide your Personal Information to a third party in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of a website to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics may be used to help make our website work better and to help us understand what parts of the website are being utilized. Google Analytics uses technical tools such as, First-party cookies and JavaScript code, to collect information about visitors. Google Analytics service tracks visitors to the site who have JavaScript enabled. Google Analytics anonymously tracks how visitors interact with a website, including where they came from and what they did on a site. Google Analytics collects the information set forth above from users.
This information is used to administer and update the website, and we will also assess whether the visitors to the site match the expected site demographics and determine how key audiences are navigating the content.
First-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) will be used to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to this site.
A. Opt-Out Provision:Google analytics offers an opt-out provision for website visitors who do not want their data to be collected. You can receive more information about this option here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
B. Google's Use of Data:Google and its wholly owned subsidiaries may retain and use, subject to the terms of its Privacy Policy (located at http://www.google.com/privacy.html, or such other URL as Google may provide from time to time), information collected in your use of the Google Analytics Information Disclosures and Sharing.
Social Media PluginsOur websites may use Social Media Plugins to enable you to easily share information with others. When you visit our websites, the operator of the social media plugin that is on our website can place a cookie on your computer that lets that operator to recognize individuals on their website who have previously visited our sites. If you have previously logged into the social media website while browsing on our website, social media plugins may allow that social media website to receive directly identifiable information about you that shows you have visited our website. The social media plugin may collect this information for visitors who have logged into social networks, whether or not they specifically interact with the plugin on our website. Social media plugins also allow the social media website to share information about your activities on our website with other users of their social media website. Lilly does not control any of the content from social media plugins. For more information about social plugins from social media websites you should refer to those sites’ privacy and data sharing statements.
How Long We Keep Your Information
Your Information will be saved for a period of time needed to fulfill legitimate and lawful business purposes in accordance with our records retention policies and applicable laws and regulations.
Children’s Information
This site is not intended for or designed for individuals under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any person under the age of 16.
How We Secure Your Information
We provide reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect Personal Information collected via this website. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees, service providers, and contractors who need access to perform the activities described in this notice. Although we strive to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Your Rights and Choices
You have the right to request information from us on how your personal information is being used and with whom that information is being shared. You also have the right to request to see and get a copy of the personal information that we have about you, request its correction or request its erasure.
You also have the right to have your information transmitted to another entity or person in a machine-readable format, in limited circumstances.
There may be limitations on our ability to comply with your request.
How to Contact Us
You may make any of the above requests by contacting us at:
Global Business Solutions CenterEli Lilly Cork Limited Island HouseEastgate RoadEastgate Business ParkLittle IslandCo. Cork, IrelandPhone: +353-21-423-2400
Kinsale Manufacturing Operations Eli Lilly Kinsale LimitedDunderrow,Kinsale,Co. Cork,Ireland.Phone: +353-21-477-2699
Sales and MarketingEli Lilly and Company (Ireland) LimitedLilly HousePriestley Road,Basingstoke,HampshireRG24 9NL, UK
Phone: +44 (0) 1256 315000
You may also contact us at the above if you have questions about this Privacy Statement.
How to Submit a Complaint
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal information, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@lilly.com who will investigate the matter.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal information not in accordance with the law you can register a complaint with a Data Protection Authority (DPA).
Transfer of Personal Information Internationally
Lilly may transmit personal information about you to other Lilly affiliates worldwide. These affiliates may in turn transmit personal information about you to other Lilly affiliates. Some of Lilly’s affiliates may be located in countries that do not ensure an adequate level of data protection. Nevertheless, all of Lilly’s affiliates are required to treat personal information in a manner consistent with this notice. To obtain additional information regarding the basis for transfers and safeguards that Lilly has in place for cross-border transfers of personal information, please contact us at privacy@lilly.com or visit https://www.lilly.com/privacy.
Links to Third Party Websites
As a convenience to our visitors, this Website may contain links to other sites owned and operated by third parties that we believe may offer useful information. The policies and procedures we describe here do not apply to those sites. We are not responsible for the collection or use of Personal Information at any third party sites. Therefore, we disclaim any liability for any third party's use of Personal Information obtained through using the third party web site. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy, security, data collection, and distribution policies.
Changes to Our Privacy Practices
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. When we do update it, for your convenience, we will make the updated statement available on this page. We will always handle your Personal Information in accordance with the Privacy Statement in effect at the time it was collected. We will not make any materially different use or new disclosure of your Personal Information to another entity using your Personal Information for its own purposes unless we notify you and give you an opportunity to object.
Last Updated: 23/08/2018
Terms of Use
Privacy
site map
Copyright © 2019
Eli Lilly and Company
Last Updated: 05/10/20 14:48:57
PP-MG-IE-0007 Sep-18
^
The link you clicked on will take you to a site maintained by a third party, which is solely responsible for its content. Eli Lilly and Company does not control, influence, or endorse this site, and the opinions, claims or comments expressed on this site should not be attributed to Eli Lilly and Company. Eli Lilly and Company is not responsible for the privacy policy of any third party web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every web site you visit.
Agreed
Cancel
You are about to be navigated to another website maintained by Eli Lilly and Company. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Agreed
Cancel
You are about to be navigated to another website maintained by Eli Lilly and Company. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Agreed
Cancel