http://www.firstmerchants.com/agreements-disclosures/terms-of-use
Login
Menu
https://firstmerchants.ebanking-services.com/EamWeb/Remote/RemoteLoginApi.aspx?appID=beb&brand=firstmerchants
https://cibng.ibanking-services.com/EamWeb/Remote/RemoteLoginAPI.aspx?FIORG=10N&orgId=10N_074900657&FIFID=074900657&brand=10N_074900657&appId=ceb
Sign in to Online Services
Personal Online Banking
Personal Online Banking
Business Online Banking
Personal Credit Card
Business Credit Card
Portfolio Account Link
Retirement Services
Remote Deposit Capture
Lockbox Services
Merchant Services
Order Personal Checks
Order Business Checks
Enter Login ID
Sign In
Forgot Login ID?
Enter Company ID
Enter Login ID
Sign In
Remember Me
Enroll Now
Help
Remember Me
Enroll Now
Help
FIRST MERCHANTS BANK
FIRST MERCHANTS PRIVATE WEALTH ADVISORS
Open An Account
Personal
Online Banking
Bill Pay
eStatements
eStatements Enrollment
Personal Finance Tools
Mobile Banking
Enroll
Mobile Banking App
Mobile Deposit
Debit Card Controls
Zelle
Text Banking
Checking
Refer A Friend
First Direct Checking
Elite Checking
Advantage Checking
Carefree Checking
Overdraft Protection
Overdraft Protection Transfers
Normal Overdraft Practices
Overdraft Protection Ready Reserve
Checking Account Switch Kit
Debit Cards
MoneyPass
Mobile Wallet
MasterCard Enhanced Benefits
Consumer Debit Card Change Notice
MasterCard Automatic Billing Updates
Instant Issue
Debit Card Controls
Chip Debit Cards
Savings & CDs
Regular Savings
Money Market Savings
Smart Saver CD
Traditional CDs
Health Savings
Individual Retirement Accounts
Borrowing
Mortgage
Mortgage FMB Pre-Approval
Mortgage Refinancing
Smart Home Refi
Home Improvement Loans
Home Equity Loans
Home Equity Lines of Credit
Home Lending Offer
Personal Loan
Vehicle Loan
Loan Health Checkup
Credit Cards
Wealth Management
Trust
Brokerage
Investment Management
Private Banking
Private Wealth Account
Private Checking Account
Retirement Planning
Additional Products
Telephone Banking
ACH
Direct Deposit
Wires
Stop Payments
Money Orders
Safe Deposit Boxes
Business
Online Banking
eStatements
eStatement Enrollment
Business Online Banking Features
Mobile Banking
Enroll
Mobile App
Mobile Deposit
Business Mobile Web
Checking
First Business
Basic Business
Business Interest
Commercial Checking
Debit Cards
Business Debit Card Change Notice
Overdraft Protection
Savings & CDs
Business Savings
Money Market Savings
Business Money Market Special Offers
CDs
Treasury Management
Merchant Services
Online Payroll Processing
ACH Payments
Remote Deposit Capture
Sweep Services
Lockbox
Check Positive Pay
ACH Positive Pay
Wire Transfers
Zero Balance Accounts
Account Reconciliation Services
Borrowing
Lending Options
Sponsor Finance
SBA Lending
Credit Cards
Purchasing Cards
Specialties
Agriculture
Practice Finance
Meet Our Team
Dental Practice Financing
Veterinary Practice Financing
Optometry Practice Financing
Wealth Management
Retirement Plans
Investment Management
Private Banking
Additional Business Products
Employee Benefits
Telephone Banking
Stop Payments
Money Orders
Workplace Banking
Community
Resources
FAQs
Financial Calculators
Auto Loan Calculators
Calculate a Car Payment Car Loan Calculator
Compare Monthly Car Payments by Term Car Payment Calculator
How Much Car Can I Afford?
Compare Monthly Car Payments for Two Vehicles
Gas Mileage Savings Calculator
Lease or Purchase a Car
Mortgage Calculators
Mortgage Payment Calculator
Rent or Buy Calculator
Home Sale Proceeds Calculator
How Much Home Can I Afford
Compare Mortgage Loans
Adjustable Rate Mortgage Calculator
Home Refinance Calculator
Home Closing Costs Calculator
Biweekly Mortgage Calculator
Debt-to-Income Ratio Calculator
Calculate Down Payment on a House
Mortgage Loan Calculator
Home Equity Calculators
Home Equity Loan Calculator
Calculate a Home Equity Loan Payment
Calculate a Home Equity Line of Credit Payment
Use Home Equity for a Major Purchase
HELOC Calculator
Consolidating Debt with Home Equity
Paying Off a Home Equity Loan or Line of Credit
Savings Calculators
APY Calculator
Compound Interest Savings Calculator
College Savings Calculator
Millionaire Savings Calculator
Calculate Future Value of Savings
Savings Goal Calculator
Savings Account Calculator
Compare Two CDs
CD Interest Calculator
Retirement Calculators
Retirement Savings Calculator
401K Calculator
Roth 401K vs 401K Traditional IRA
Retirement Income Estimator
IRA Calculator
Social Security Benefits Estimator
How Much to Save for Retirement
Freedom From Debt Calculators
Debt Consolidation Calculator
Make Bi-Weekly Payments on a Loan
Meet a Debt Payoff Goal
Credit Card Debt Calculator
Use a Lump Sum to Pay Down Debt
Transfer Debt to Another Credit Card
Increase Your Monthly Payment
Loan Payment Calculator
Budget Calculators
Household Spending Tracker
How to Balance a Checkbook
Household Cash Flow Tracker
Save With Spare Change
Net Worth Calculator
Save or Pay Off Debt
Should You Work Outside the Home
Insurance Calculators
Present Value of Future Earning Calculator
Life Insurance Needs Calculator
Calculate Your Disability Insurance Needs
Long Term Care Insurance Cost
Save For Long Term Care
Reach Your Health Savings Account Goal
Health Savings Account or Traditional Health Plan
Business Finance Calculators
Business Loan or Line of Credit
Lease vs Purchase Equipment
Repaying a Business Loan
Projecting Your Cash Flow
Financial Ratio Analysis
Business Debt Consolidation
Business Loan Payment Calculator
Business Management Calculators
Saving to Start a Business
Business Value Calculator
Break Even Calculator
Business Inventory Control Requirements
Working Capital Formula
Gross Margin Calculator
Accounts Receivable Turnover Formula
Total Employee Compensation Package
Business Marketing ROI Calculators
Calculate Your Email Marketing ROI
Conversion Rate Calculator
Pay-Per-Click Advertising ROI
Calculate Your Direct Mail ROI
Optimize Your Sales Pipeline
Customer Lifetime Value Calculation
Security Center
Current Alerts
Prevent Fraud
Prevent Debit Card Fraud
Prevent Online & Mobile Fraud
Report Fraud
Consumer Rights
BankNotes Newsletter
Financial Market Updates
Library
Blog Detail
Scholarships
Amburn Memorial Scholarship
Ruth Glaser Bryan Scholarship
Ferrell W. Dunn Scholarship
Harold Ellison Scholarship
Mary K. Garr Scholarship
Kuhner Foundation Scholarship
Dwight & Virginia Deen Schoeff Scholarship
Benjamin F. Shroyer Scholarship
Private Wealth Perspectives
The Long View 2020 Business Vision
Letter from the Private Wealth Advisor President
2019 in Review
Solutions in Focus
2020 Our Look Ahead
Team Strength
Newsletter
2020
2019
2018
2017
In the News
Weekly Investment Perspective
Market Updates
Asset Allocation in Trying Times
Perspective from Private Wealth
Email Subscription
Testimonials
Testimonial Details
Videos
Locations
TERMS OF USE
Home
Agreements & Disclosures
Terms of Use
Get the print friendly version.
FIRST MERCHANTS BANK WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
(Revised May 2016) 1.    Acceptance of Terms.  By accessing the First Merchants Bank Website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.  We may revise these terms and conditions without notice to you.  If you do not agree with them, do not access this Website.2.    Use of Information.a.    By User:The information and materials contained on the Website are intended solely for the personal use of Website users. You may not copy (other than for personal use), modify, distribute, transmit, display, reproduce, transfer, resell or republish any of the contents of this Website without the prior written consent of First Merchants, which may be withheld in its sole discretion.b.    By First Merchants Bank:First Merchants will only use information you provide for lawful business purposes.  First Merchants will treat as confidential and not use, collect or retain any personal or proprietary information you provide via the Website unless First Merchants has a legitimate business purpose, or is required by law or regulation, to do so.  The First Merchants Privacy Notice provides more information on the protection of your account and certain other information.          You acknowledge and agree that First Merchants has no obligation, but reserves the right, to monitor the Website, including any and all information transmitted or received through the Website, from time to time for operational and other purposes, subject to the Privacy Notice.  During monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied, and used for authorized purposes in accordance with the Privacy Notice.  First Merchants reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in First Merchants’ sole and absolute discretion are objectionable or violate these terms, or any law or regulation.  Your use of the Website constitutes your consent to such monitoring, use and disclosure.               c.    Cookies:First Merchants may use cookies, web beacons or other technologies to make your online experience with our Website more personal and consistent.  As a matter of security, we do not embed your personal information, including Social Security numbers or passwords, in our cookies. Cookies are required for all First Merchants websites providing digital services. You can set your browser to reject cookies, but disabling session cookies will prevent you from banking online with First Merchants.  Accordingly, your use of the Website constitutes your consent to the Bank monitoring, tracking, and recording your areas of interest and your interaction with the Website through the use of cookies.3.    User Conduct:You agree to implement appropriate security, including without limitation, network and local firewalls, up-to-date virus protection and security patches for any operating system and application software you use in your computer systems and user identification and password controls to safeguard the internal control and confidentiality of forms, access methods, codes, data, user IDs, and passwords that First Merchants may establish from time to time.  You agree that all such forms, access methods, codes, data, user IDs, and passwords are commercially reasonable security measures to prevent unauthorized use of the Website and services, and you will keep these secured and confidential.You agree not to take any action that: interferes with the proper working of the Website, imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Website’s infrastructure, might compromise the security of the Website, renders the Website or any service inaccessible to others, or otherwise causes damage to the Website or its content.You agree that you will not use the Website or any information or services related thereto for any unlawful purpose, including, but not limited to, unauthorized entry into First Merchants’ systems, misuse of passwords, or misuse of any information posted on the Website.  First Merchants, in its sole discretion, shall determine whether any use violates this provision.4.    Availability of Products and ServicesThe products or services described on the Website may not be available in all geographical areas.  In addition, you may not be eligible for all the products and services described on the Website.  By offering information, products or services via the Website, no solicitation is made by First Merchants to any person to use such information, products or services in jurisdictions where the provision of such products or services is prohibited by law.5.    Copyright and TrademarksAll content, web pages and screen displays of this Website (“Content”) including, but not limited to, the text, design, layout, images, video, animation, graphics, and source code, is the property of First Merchants, unless otherwise indicated, and is protected by U. S. copyright laws and international treaties.  You are authorized to view the Content for your informational purposes only and may print or download copyrighted materials for your personal or internal business purposes only, provided that any proprietary rights notices and any other marks, logos or other legends that appear on the copied or saved screens are not removed. You do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted Content.  You may not copy, download, display, distribute, transfer, sell, license, frame, create derivative works of or republish all or any portion of the Website for any commercial or public purpose unless you first obtain prior written consent from First Merchants.First Merchants Bank and its logo (“Shield”) are federally registered trademarks or service marks of First Merchants Corporation or its affiliates.  First Merchants Corporation and its affiliates also claim rights in certain other trademarks and service marks contained in this Website.Any unauthorized use of the logos, trademarks, or service marks of First Merchants Corporation or its affiliates inconsistent with First Merchants Corporation’s intellectual property rights or these terms, including use in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among clients and customers, is strictly prohibited.This site may also contain logos, trademarks and service marks of third parties. You are not authorized to use such logos or marks without the third party’s consent.6.    Links to Other WebsitesLinks to non-First Merchants websites are provided for informational purposes only.  First Merchants has no control over the content on such non-First Merchants websites.  If you choose to visit a website not controlled by First Merchants, First Merchants makes no warranties, either express or implied, concerning the content of such site, including the accuracy, completeness, reliability or suitability thereof for any particular purpose, nor does First Merchants warrant that such site or content is free from any claims of copyright, trademark or other infringement of the rights of third parties or that such site or content is devoid of viruses or other contamination.  First Merchants does not guarantee the authenticity of documents on the Internet. Links to non-First Merchants sites do not imply any endorsement of or responsibility for the opinions, ideas, products, information or services offered at such sites, or any representation regarding the content on such sites. 7.    Disclaimer and Limitation of LiabilityFIRST MERCHANTS BANK PROVIDES THIS WEBSITE ON AN “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE”, AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” BASIS.  FIRST MERCHANTS BANK MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AND DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, AS TO THE OPERATION OF, AND INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, INCLUDED ON OR USEABLE THROUGH OR BY MEANS OF, THIS WEBSITE.  FIRST MERCHANTS IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING FROM ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMMUNICATION LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, OR OTHER USE OF DATA, DOCUMENTS OR INFORMATION.  YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.8.    Enforceability; Governing Law; and VenueExcept as otherwise expressly provided in the contract documents with regard to specific products or services, you specifically agree that these terms and conditions and your use of the Website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Indiana, without regard to the conflict of laws thereof, and to the laws of the United States.  You further agree that disputes arising from the use of the Website shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Indiana and the federal courts situated in the State of Indiana.
HOW CAN WE HELP?
Have questions or need assistance? Our Wealth Management team can help you with any business service. The team is available weekdays from 8 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. EST. Give us a call at 1.866.833.0050.
Looking for another phone number or want to submit a request online? Find it on our Contact page.
Contact Us
External Link Disclaimer
Do you wish to leave the First Merchants website? By clicking Continue, you will be leaving firstmerchants.com and be taken to another website where the privacy and security policies may differ from our site.
First Merchants provides third party links for your convenience. First Merchants is not responsible for the products, services, content, privacy policy, and security policy on third party websites. You can click Cancel now to stay on the current page.
Continue Return To Site