http://www.genieelectronics.com/privacy-statement.html
717-840-6999          EMAIL US
SHARE
GENIE ELECTRONICS COMPANY
Home
Company
Conflict Minerals Policy Statement
Services
AOI/X-ray
Box Build
Engineering
PCB Assembly
Automated/Through-Hole
Surface Mount Technology
Prototyping
Testing
Quality
Blog/News
Contact Us
CAREERS
Privacy Statement
Information about our Organization and Web site
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organization like Genie Electroncs Company, Inc. We are based in USA .
Our principal activity is: Electronics Manufacturing
Our privacy policy covers Genie Electroncs Company, Inc. and its Web site:
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
The services and links of our Web site
Our Web site does not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others.
Our Web site does not include links to third party Web service providers.
Automatic Collection of Information
We automatically log personal data by means such as programming or we link information automatically logged by such means with personal data about specific individuals. We do so for the following purposes: customer service, service quotations and policy administration.
We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services.
We may also collect information about you from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
We do not collect or use personal data for any purpose other than for the purposes of providing service quotes and policy administration.
If we wish to use your personal data for new purposes, we will notify you before such use occurs and we offer you the means to consent to those new purposes:
by sending an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
by visiting this url (http://www.genieelectronics.com)
by calling this telephone number 717-840-6999
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
We do not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other organizations.
Where we disclose your personal data for purposes which are different from those mentioned above, we offer you the opportunity to consent to disclosure:
Confidentiality / Security
We give you the option of using a secure transmission method to send us the following types of personal data:
primary personal data (such as name and contact details)
other personal and profiling data (such as physical description, leisure activities)
specific personal data (such as racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, medical data)
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorised access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorised modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data.
We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Access to the personal data we may hold about you
You can ask us whether we are keeping personal data about you by:
sending an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
calling this telephone number 717-840-6999
We will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you, within a week. - although we may require proof of your identity before sending such information. We will provide the information without any charge.
We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data:
rectified or amended
Privacy Compliance
In order to demonstrate that our privacy policy accords with the above privacy instrument, we are voluntarily committed to a Self Assessment procedure.
Privacy Support
If you have an enquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact:
Organization Name:
Genie Electronics Company, Inc.
Address:
1087 Valley View RoadYork, PA 17406
Controller:
Genie Electronics Company, Inc.
Web Sites(s):
http://www.genieelectronics.com
Services & Solutions
PCB Assembly
Prototyping
Testing
Box Build
Engineering
Quality Control
Our Markets Include...
Automotive
Medical
Security
HVAC
Defense
Communications
Connect with us...
Genie Electronics, Inc.
1087 Valley View Road
York, PA 17406
Phone: 717-840-6999
Fax: 717-757-0194
E-Mail Us
Map & Directions
Copyright © 2019 - Genie Electronics CompanyALL RIGHTS RESERVED
| Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Sitemap | ACP |