https://www.gshgroup.com/terms-of-use/
View Our Services Connect with GSHDownload "5 Things You Need To Know When Considering A Facilities Management Provider" Home > Terms of UseTerms of Use for GSHGroup.comThese Terms of Use were last updated on 6/13/18.This web page represents our Terms of Use (“Agreement”) for our website, located at gshgroup.com, and the tools we provide you via the “Website” or the “Service”. The terms, “we” and “our” as used in this Agreement refer to GSH Group.We may amend this Agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on our Website. We may or may not post notices on the homepage of our Website when such changes occur.We refer to this Agreement, our Privacy Policy accessible at https://www.gshgroup.com/privacy-policy/  and any other terms, rules, or guidelines on our Website collectively as our “Legal Terms.” You explicitly and implicitly agree to be bound by our Legal Terms each time you access our Website. If you do not wish to be so bound, please do not use or access our Website.Copyrights and TrademarksUnless otherwise noted, all materials including without limitation, logos, brand names, images, designs, photographs, video clips and written and other materials that appear as part of our Website are copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property whether registered or unregistered (“Intellectual Property”) owned, controlled or licensed by GSH Group. Our Website as a whole is protected by copyright and trade dress. Nothing on our Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Intellectual Property displayed or used on our Website, without the prior written permission of the Intellectual Property owner. GSH Group aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. The names and logos of GSH Group, may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on our Website, without prior, written permission from GSH Group. GSH Group prohibits use of any logo of GSH Group or any of its affiliates as part of a link to or from any Website unless GSH Group approves such link in advance and in writing. Fair use of GSH Group’s Intellectual Property requires proper acknowledgment. Other product and company names mentioned in our Website may be the Intellectual Property of their respective owners.Links to Third-Party WebsitesOur Website may contain links to Websites owned or operated by parties other than GSH Group. Such links are provided for your reference only. GSH Group does not monitor or control outside Websites and is not responsible for their content. GSH Group’s inclusion of links to an outside Website does not imply any endorsement of the material on our Website or, unless expressly disclosed otherwise, any sponsorship, affiliation or association with its owner, operator or sponsor, nor does GSH Group’s inclusion of the links imply that GSH Group is authorized to use any trade name, trademark, logo, legal or official seal, or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the linked Website.Content DisclaimerPostings on our Website are made at such times as GSH Group determines in its discretion. You should not assume that the information contained on our Website has been updated or otherwise contains current information. GSH Group does not review past postings to determine whether they remain accurate and information contained in such postings may have been superseded.The information and materials in our website are provided for your review in accordance with the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein. These materials are not guaranteed or represented to be complete, correct or up to date. These materials may be changed from time to time without notice. No Warranties; Exclusion of Liability; IndemnificationOur website is operated by GSH Group on an “as is,” “as available” basis, without representations or warranties of any kind. To the fullest extent permitted by law, GSH Group specifically disclaims all warranties and conditions of any kind, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement for our website and any contracts and services you purchase through it.GSH Group shall not have any liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of our website, for contracts or services sold through our website, for your action or inaction in connection with our website or for any damage to your computer or data or any other damage you may incur in connection with our website.Your use of our website and any contracts or services are at your own risk. In no event shall either GSH Group or their agents be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of our website, contracts and services purchased through our website, the delay or inability to use our website or otherwise arising in connection with our website, contracts or related services, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of any such damages. In no event shall GSH Group’s liability for any damage claim exceed the amount paid by you to GSH Group for the transaction giving rise to such damage claim.Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.Without limiting the foregoing, GSH Group does not represent or warrant that the information on the website is accurate, complete, reliable, useful, timely or current or that our website will operate without interruption or error.You agree that all times, you will look to attorneys from whom you purchase services for any claims of any nature, including loss, damage, or warranty. GSH Group and their respective affiliates make no representation or guarantees about any contracts and services offered through our website.GSH Group makes no representation that content provided on our website, contracts, or related services are applicable or appropriate for use in all jurisdictions.IndemnificationYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold GSH Group harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of our Website or any Contracts or Services you purchase through it.Contact UsIn order to resolve a complaint regarding the Website or to receive further information regarding use of the Website, please contact us at:George S. Hall, Inc.GSH Group HeadquartersFour Gatehall Drive 2nd Floor Parsippany NJ 07054Tel: U.S. 877-447-4255 Tel: Int. 001-877-447-4255 Fax: 973-227-5226 Email: info@GSHgroup.comNEWS: GSH Group Awarded the Gold Award of Excellence in FM 2020 by the Global FM Trade OrganizationRead More About GSH ABOUT
GSH Services SERVICES
Contact Us CONTACT
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok