https://www.countrybank.com/legal-notices/terms-of-use/
Skip to Utility Navigation
Skip to Primary Navigation
Skip to Main Content
As we continue to follow the course of the pandemic, please note that our banking locations will only be offering drive-up service, effective Monday, November 30, 2020. Please click here for the latest updates. Thank you in advance for your patience and understanding.Please
Click Here
for information on the closing of our Overlook branch located at the Masonic Home in Charlton.
Skip to Footer
Legal Notices Menu
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions
This website is maintained by Country Bank in order to provide you with information about Country Bank’s products and services. By accessing this site, you agree to the following Terms and Conditions.
Copyright in the pages displaying information and materials contained within this website are owned by Country Bank unless otherwise indicated.
Products and Services
The information, resources and materials contained within these pages, and the terms, conditions and descriptions that appear, are subject to change without notice. Not all products and services are available via online account opening. This website, and the information, products and services contained here, are not offered for use in any jurisdiction where prohibited by law.
Links
This site may contain links to websites controlled or offered by third parties. (Non-Affiliates of Country Bank.) Country Bank is not responsible for any information, materials or products and services offered by third party sites linked to this website. By creating a link to a third party website, Country Bank does not endorse or guarantee any product or service offered or information contained by that website, nor is Country Bank for any failure of products or services advertised or offered at those sites. These links to third parties may have privacy policies different from Country Bank and third party websites may not provide the same security that Country Bank maintains. You should review the privacy policy on any website that you visit prior to providing confidential information.
Pop-Up Windows
You will be notified the following when leaving Country Bank’s website. “You are leaving Country Bank’s website. Country Bank is not responsible for the content of third party sites hyperlinked from this or any other page, nor do we guarantee the integrity of the information or the products and services offered on any third party websites. When you leave our website you should review the privacy statement of the website before you provide personal or confidential information.”
Inquiries
We have provided an access to a secure email form which you may use to submit inquiries about your account, request information on banking products or services or for any other form of communication necessary. We respect your privacy and will keep your personal information completely confidential as stated in our Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The information from or through the Country Bank website, including but not limited to financial calculators, are provided “as is” and “as available”. All warranties, express or implied, are disclaimed (including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose). The information herein may contain bugs, errors, problems or other limitations. Country Bank assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content contained on this site.
All responsibility or liability for damages caused by viruses contained within the electronic files or at the website is disclaimed.
This website contains links to other internet sites. These links are not endorsements of any products or services and no information in such sites has been endorsed by Country Bank.
Limitation of Liability
In not event will Country Bank be liable for any damages, including without limitation or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses arising in connection with your use of or inability to use this site or any linked site, or in connections with any failure of performance, errors or omissions, interruption, defect, delay in operations or transmission, computer virus or online system failure, even if Country Bank is advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses.
Governing Law
Use of this site is governed by applicable federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Personal Information
The use of non-public personal information is described in our Privacy Notice.
Copyright
The content, graphics, design, text, photography, and materials unless otherwise indicated, are the copyrighted works of Country Bank.
Have a Question?
Send us an email
Call us at
800-322-8233
Online Banking
Search:
Personal
Checking Accounts
Free Kasasa Cash® Checking
Kasasa Protect™
Student Checking
Youth Accounts
Free Checking
Savings, Money Markets & CDs
Earn Up Money Market
Kasasa Saver®
CD Specials
Retirement Accounts
Mortgages
Meet Our Mortgage Team
MY LOAN PORTAL
Consumer Loans
Home Equity Line of Credit
eServices
Mastercard Chip Card
Mobile App
Business
Business Lending
MY LOAN PORTAL
Learn More
Sign-In
Business Banking Officers
Business Deposit Services
Resources
Personal
Business
Student Banking
Digital Financial Education
Mortgage
Fraud & Security
Calculators
About Us
Financial Safety & Soundness
Donation Request Form
2108 Annual Report
2019 Statement of Condition
Board Members
Events Calendar
Login to Online Banking
Online Banking
Locations/Hours
Customer Service
Rates
Join Our Team
— Download Our —
Mobile App
No thanks. I'd rather not download the app right now.