https://www.coremedicalgroup.com/privacy/
Log In
Create a Profile
1.800.995.2673
info@coremedicalgroup.com
Log In
Create a Profile
1.800.995.2673
info@coremedicalgroup.com
Home
Job Seekers
Job Search
Why Travel With CoreMed
Benefits
Frequently Asked Questions
Guide To Travel Nursing
Guide To Travel Therapy
Guide to Locum Tenens
Guide to Respiratory Therapy
Guide to Interim Healthcare Management
Guide to Permanent Placement
Frequently Asked Questions
Club CoreMed
Employers
Travel/Contract Allied Staffing Solutions
Travel/Contract Nursing Staffing Solutions
Permanent Staffing Solutions
Locum Tenens Staffing Solutions
Interim Healthcare Management
Joint Commission
Referral Bonus
About
Executive Management Team
Staff Directory
CoreMed News
Club CoreMed
Core Cares
Start Your Career with Core
Open Positions
Blog
Contact Us
Traveler Tools
Traveler Forms
Nursing Licensure
OT Licensure
PT Licensure
SLP Licensure
Benefits
Housing Options
Core Medical Group Privacy Policy
General
CoreMedical Group respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your online privacy through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.coremedicalgroup.com (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time as provided below. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Applicability
This policy applies to information we collect:
On our Website.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and our Website.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information, personal or otherwise, to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at US Toll Free: (800) 995-2673, X1325.
Collection of Information
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, social security number or any other information the website collects that is defined as personal or personally identifiable information under any applicable law ("personal information");
that is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information: (i) directly from you when you provide it to us, (ii) automatically as you navigate through the site which may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies, and (iii) from third parties, for example, our business partners.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, submitting an application, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we may limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The information we collect automatically does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns, store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests, speed up your searches and recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see the section below entitled “Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Information.”
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Linking to other sites is an integral part of the functionality of the Internet and therefore of our site. Any link to a page which displays a URL of a different address from CoreMedical Group in the address window of your browser or which indicates that it is "powered by" an entity other than CoreMedical Group, is a link to a site outside of our service. These sites may collect data or solicit personal information. Please note that we cannot guarantee and are not responsible for the content of outside sites. Some content or applications, including advertisements, on our Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may also use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
We provide links to web sites that offer continuing education courses on nursing and other health care related topics. Enrollment for such courses is completely optional and at your discretion. You should be aware that such third parties may request and record registration information about you. We cannot guarantee your privacy on such other web sites and do not have control over their privacy policies or content. We urge you to review carefully the privacy policy of any such third party provider prior to registering for a continuing education course to determine how your personal information will be used. Your correspondence or business dealings with any third party providers, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such providers.
Use and Disclosure of Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To process any application submitted by you, provide information to prospective employers and to place you in temporary and/or permanent assignments
To provide you with information or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your application and placements and other related matters.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own services and any opportunities that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please adjust your user preferences in your account profile. For more information, see the section below entitled “Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Information.”
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
To clients and prospective employers for purposes of placing you in any temporary and/or permanent assignment
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of CoreMedical Group's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by CoreMedical Group about our Website users is among the assets transferred;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; and/or
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; and/or
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of CoreMedical Group our customers or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an e-mail at to info@CoreMedicalGroup.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to info@CoreMedicalGroup.com or write us at:  3000 Goffs Falls Rd., Suite 101, Manchester, NH, 03103.
Read our Privacy Notice for California Residents.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information In any public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by e-mail to the primary e-mail address specified in your account and/or through a notice on our Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: info@CoreMedicalGroup.com or via our toll-free number (800) 995-2673.
Traveler Tools
Traveler Forms
Nursing Licensure
OT Licensure
PT Licensure
SLP Licensure
Benefits
Housing Options
Join Now
Join our talent community to learn more about travel nursing, travel allied, Locum Tenens, and permanent opportunities in your area. Be the first to learn about the latest healthcare positions nationwide. It takes less than a minute!
Search Healthcare Jobs
Have a specific location in mind? We have travel nursing, travel allied, Locum Tenens, and permanent healthcare career opportunities in all 50 states. Search our healthcare job database to find the position you are looking for.
Sign Up for Updates
Receive the latest news and updates from CoreMedical Group!
We're the prescription to all your healthcare staffing needs, recruiting medical professionals and providing staffing services nationwide.
655 South Willow St, Suite 128, Manchester, NH 03103
1.800.995.2673
info@coremedicalgroup.com
Our Links
About Us
Overview
Contact Us
Work For Us
Join Now
Permanent Placement
Locum Tenens
Travel Nursing
Travel Therapy
Search Jobs
View Blog
Resources
Club CoreMed
Privacy Statement
CCPA Policy
©2019 CoreMedical Group. All Rights Reserved.