https://www.mpif.org/privacy.aspx
Privacy Statement
Metal Powder Industries Federation is committed to protecting your privacy and implementing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Metal Powder Industries Federation website and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Metal Powder Industries Federation website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information
Metal Powder Industries Federation collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Metal Powder Industries Federation also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
Metal Powder Industries Federation collects non-personal data that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. This data is used to aggregate statistics about visitors to our Site. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, device type (e.g. desktop, laptop, phone, etc.), operating system, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Metal Powder Industries Federation for the operation of the website and our services, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Metal Powder Industries Federation website.
Metal Powder Industries Federation encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Metal Powder Industries Federation so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Metal Powder Industries Federation is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Metal Powder Industries Federation and Metal Powder Industries Federation family of websites.
Use of Your Personal Information
Metal Powder Industries Federation collects and uses your personal information to operate the Metal Powder Industries Federation website and deliver the services you have requested. Metal Powder Industries Federation also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Metal Powder Industries Federation and its affiliates. Metal Powder Industries Federation may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Metal Powder Industries Federation does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Metal Powder Industries Federation may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Metal Powder Industries Federation works with third party vendors to provide a more customized experience for you. This means that Metal Powder Industries Federation may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Metal Powder Industries Federation, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Metal Powder Industries Federation does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Metal Powder Industries Federation keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within Metal Powder Industries Federation, in order to determine what Metal Powder Industries Federation services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Metal Powder Industries Federation to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Metal Powder Industries Federation websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Metal Powder Industries Federation or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Metal Powder Industries Federation; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Metal Powder Industries Federation, or the public.
Cookies and Web Beacons
In order to help enhance the performance and functionality of the Metal Powder Industries Federation website, we utilize session, persistent and third-party “cookies” that store a small piece of data on a users’ computers and collect certain information about the users’ visit to our website. We also use cookies to understand users’ browsing and buying activities so that we can measure the success of online advertising campaigns we run on the website. Metal Powder Industries Federation also uses web beacons (either directly or from our partners), along with cookies, to determine if a user has visited a particular website. These beacons aid in providing more relevant advertising to the user, as well measuring the success of an advertising campaign, but provide no personally identifiable information.
Cookies are small text files that web servers typically send to users’ computer when they visit a website. Cookies are stored as text files on users’ hard drive, and can be accessed by web servers when the user visits a website or views an advertisement. A session cookie is a cookie that stores information as a user is using the website but is deleted once the browser session is finished. A persistent cookie is a cookie that stores information as a user utilizes the Site and stores and uses that information in connection with future visits of the user to the Site. Third-party cookies and/or web beacons are cookies or web beacons provided by our technology and/or advertising partners. Any third-party cookie or web beacon that we authorize for use on the Site only collects that information described below for the same stated purposes as if we were directly collecting the information. For a third-party cookie or web beacon, the third-party will have access to the collected information in order to provide us with information or services to enhance the performance and functionality of the Metal Powder Industries Federation website.
The cookies and web beacons we use collect non-personally identifiable information about users of the Site, including: browser used to access the site, date and time, the URL of the page being loaded, users who have visited a particular website(s), any previously assigned cookie identification (a unique identifier assigned to a user to identify repeat visitors), browser window size, the geographic location of the user, device and operating system used to access the Site. The information we collect from these cookies and web beacons is used to determine information about a user’s visit to our Site, including the number of visits, average time spent, pages viewed, navigation history through the website, and other statistics. This information is used to enhance the users experience while visiting our Site and to improve the performance of our Site by, among other things, allowing us to monitor Site performance, making the Site easier to use, measuring the effectiveness of promotional placements, and tailoring the Site (including the ads and offers a user receives) to better match a user’s interests and preferences.
Users who prefer not to accept cookies can set their Internet browser to notify them when they receive a cookie or to prevent cookies from being placed on their hard drive. If you consent to our collection of cookies and you subsequently wish to withdraw your consent, you will need to manage the settings on your web browser to delete all cookies and disallow further acceptance of cookies. Please note that disabling cookies on your browser will prevent us from tracking your activities in relations to our Site, however, it may also disable some of the functions and features of the Site and the Site may not work properly.
If you would like to determine your consent status, please contact us Lisa Lester.
By continuing to use our Site, you are agreeing to our placing cookies and/or web beacons on your computer in order to analyze the way you use our Site. Please read this cookie policy carefully for more details about the information we collect when you use the Site.
If you do not wish to accept cookies or web beacons in connection with your use of this Site, please discontinue use of the Site.
Security of Your Personal Information
Metal Powder Industries Federation secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Metal Powder Industries Federation secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Metal Powder Industries Federation will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Metal Powder Industries Federation encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Metal Powder Industries Federation is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Metal Powder Industries Federation welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Metal Powder Industries Federation has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Metal Powder Industries Federation through Lisa Lester, Communications Director, at llester@mpif.org.
We will use reasonable efforts to investigate and resolve any problem.