http://www.galaxy-fireworks.co.uk/terms-and-conditions.html
Search
My Account
Basket
Free Delivery*
Click & Collect
Trade Accounts
Training Available
Download Brochure
Terms & Conditions
The following terms and conditions apply to all transactions at 1st Galaxy Fireworks.
General
The Company shall mean 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd Limited or its proprietor or any associated Company.
The Goods shall mean any fireworks, equipment or services, which are the subject of this contract.
The Customer shall mean the person, firm or company whom contracts to purchase in full or part the goods or services of the Company.
Any contract entered into by the Company for the supply of such goods or services is subject to these conditions. Any writing on, or attached to, any purchase order form document or correspondence, shall not be included or implied unless previously agreed in writing and signed by an authorised officer of the Company.
No order for supply arising from a quotation or otherwise shall be deemed to be accepted or constitute a legally enforceable contract with the Company until accepted in writing by the Company or until delivery of the goods which ever shall be the earlier.
The Company accepts no responsibility for any inaccuracy or error in orders given by telephone.
It is illegal to buy Fireworks under the age of 18.
Deliveries
Goods will normally be despatched within 1 - 3 working days from the date of order, or one day before, or on the despatch date you chose at the online checkout when ordering, this is stated at the point of ordering and can be viewed in our "Delivery Information Page" on the website https://www.galaxy-fireworks.co.uk/delivery.html. The actual delivery time will depend upon the delivery destination, and is detailed in our delivery page, as its dependant on your delivery postcode. A signature to confirm receipt of your order will be required. You will be advised of any delay or if the item is no longer available.
Deliveries to destinations outside the UK, will require special arrangements, please contact us for further advice.
All products and services are subject to availability and may be withdrawn if the stock is sold out. In the case of DIY packs, where certain items become unavailable its not always possible in the run up to the height of the season to notify customers, these will be replaced with an item of similar effect and size and of at least the same price. If your order cannot be fulfilled with similar items you will be offered an alternative or given a full refund.
Whilst 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd will make every effort to ensure deliveries are prompt and on time as agreed, because we use a 3rd party courier we cannot guarantee delivery times or dates and accepts no liability as such.
When products are sold out or out of stock then where possible we will offer an alternative or ship a higher value product which is from the same type of firework range. In such cases we will ensure that the product replacement is of a higher value and also performs in much the same way as that product originally ordered.
If you do not wish for us to upgrade products in this way please contact us and let us know at the time of ordering. You can also refuse the order for a full refund. In such cases please do not sign for the order from the carrier so that the order is returned to us.
The cancellation of orders after the order is despatched cannot be accepted, or a re-stocking charge and shipping charge to cover the cost of getting the fireworks back to us needs to be levied. Re stocking charges are 20% of the value of the product and delivery costs are charged at cost from our courier, typically £45 ex VAT for the first carton, and £5 ex VAT per carton thereafter along with a £10 ex VAT admin charge.
Prices
All quoted prices quoted are in pounds sterling (£) and exclude UK Value Added Tax (VAT) at the prevailing rate where applicable.
Because of administration costs, shipping costs and credit card charges, the minimum order value that can be accepted net of delivery is £40.
Payment
Payment can be made by most major credit or debit cards. At this time we do not accept Diners Club cards. Payment will be debited to your account before the despatch of your purchase.
For peace of mind, the transmission of credit card details for all 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd on-line orders for products and services is carried via secure (encrypted) network connections.
We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd.
Damage or Loss
In all cases where defects or shortages are complained of, the Company shall be under no liability in respect thereof unless an opportunity to inspect the goods is afforded to the Company before any use is made thereof or any alteration or modification is made thereto by the Customer.
The customer is under a duty to inspect the goods on delivery or on collection as the case may be.
In the unlikely event that your product is damaged please contact 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd on 0115 8559000 within 48 hours of receipt.
If your order is undelivered please allow 48 hours for delays, after this period please contact 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd on 0115 8559000 or in writing within 7 days.
Data Protection
We request your name and address solely to enable us to despatch goods to you and provide you with an efficient after-sales service. We do not pass your name and address to third parties.
We will use your information solely for the purpose sending marketing emails about similar products and services offered by our company under the provision of ‘Legitimate Interest’ and ‘Soft Opt-In’. However, we do understand that like us our customers do not like to receive huge quantities of emails, and as a company supplying ‘seasonal goods’ we will only contact you with specific and relevant offers including information relating to our own products and services at certain times of the year.
Our emails and newsletters are sent using Mailchimp or a similar service, if you wish to opt out of these emails at any time please use the ‘unsubscribe’ link which is clearly displayed, or you can contact sales@1stgalaxy.co.uk and request that we unsubscribe you from the list.
We will hold your information for as long as required to meet legal requirements placed upon us by the likes of HMRC and other government agencies, included in this is the purchase of explosives information that we are required to hold by law.
You are entitled to request a copy of the personal information we hold on you. Please contact us if you wish to request this information.
Faulty Goods
All faulty goods should be notified to 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd in writing within 7 days.
Liability for faulty goods will not be accepted where products have not been used in accordance with the instructions and/or where 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd deems that the product has not been used correctly or the product has not been used for the purpose for which it was meant.
Liability will not be accepted by 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd where Force Majeure is considered to have been a factor of failure. Non-exhaustive illustrations of such circumstances are adverse weather conditions, Acts of God, fire, floods, strikes, Government action or regulations, delays by suppliers, accidents, shortage of materials, labour or manufacturing facilities.
1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd undertakes to replace or refund the product where the goods have been deemed to be faulty, i.e. manufacturing defect or damage caused prior to delivery.
Miscelaneous
The materials on this Web Site are directed primarily at those who access this Web Site from the United Kingdom mainland. 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltdmakes no representation that any product referred to in the materials on this Web Site is appropriate for use, or available, in other locations. Those who choose to access this site from other locations are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd has taken every care in the preparation of the content of this Web Site. To the extent permitted by applicable law, 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd disclaims all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information contained in any of the materials on this Web Site.
1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials on this Web Site.
Certain (hypertext) links in this site will lead to web sites which are not under the control of 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd t/a fireworkfactory.com. When you activate any of these you will leave 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd Site and 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd has no control over and will accept no responsibility or liability in respect of the material on any web site which is not under the control of 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd.
These exclusions of liability shall not apply to any damages arising from death or personal injury caused by the negligence of 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd or any of its employees or agents.
These disclaimers and exclusions shall be governed exclusively by and construed in accordance with English Law. If any provision of these disclaimers and exclusions shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable then that provision shall be void to that extent only and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
None of the above effects the customers statutory rights as in accordance with English Law.
Guarantee
Where applicable the company complies with the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000, in that it offers a seven day cancellation period from the date of receipt of the goods by the customer. This cancellation period does not extend to special orders, i.e. orders which have been custom assembled at the customers request and is therefore, not an off the shelf item, this includes modified kits and kits with additional items. In the event of cancellation the customer must notify 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd in writing to the address on this order form. Fireworks are hazardous goods and as such can only be returned to us by a specialised carrier. Upon receipt of written confirmation of cancellation 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd will notify the customer of how and when the goods are to be collected. In the event of cancellation a charge will levied to the customer for collection and will be retained from any refund given, as will the cost of delivery.
Refund Policy
Refunds will be paid in accordance with Sections 7.0 and 9.0 of 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd Terms and Conditions.
Where a refund is deemed to be appropriate, the sum will be paid in pounds sterling and refunded to the credit or debit card used to purchase the goods or paid by cheque if requested.
All carriage costs are non refundable, including collection of returned goods.
Ownership and Address
1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd - Registered in the UK. Number 03842899
1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd VAT Registration Number - 737845983
The registered office is at: The Firework Shop (HQ), 213 Valley Road, Sherwood, Nottingham, NG5 3BG, United Kingdom
Trademarks and Copyright
All materials on this Web Site are copyright © 2003-2020 Mr Lee John Smith and 1st Galaxy Fireworks Ltd, All rights reserved.
All Trade Marks are the property of their respective owners.
AboutHistory of 1st GalaxyGalleryVideosFREE Enthusiasts DaysFirework SafetyFirework TrainingBrochuresDeliveryOur Retail StoresBlogYour AccountTerms and ConditionsPrivacyCookie Policy
About
HomeAboutHelp & ContactLocal Delivery
Customers
DeliveryMy AccountManage my BookingApply for a Trade Account
Social
Twitter @1stGalaxyFacebookFlickrYoutubeGoogle+
Legal
Privacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsCookies
Copyright 2003 - 2020. 1st Galaxy Fireworks. All Rights Reserved
Site By Bronco