https://www.tunnellconsulting.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyINFORMATION TUNNELL CONSULTING COLLECTSContact Information – If you wish to register to download resources from our library or complete our contact form to have us contact you, we ask you to submit your contact information. We will collect this information from our website and from any other communications we may have with you, and may, for example, keep a record of your name, company, title, address, email address, telephone number, preferred method of contact, areas of interest, and how you heard about us.IP Address – If you are connected to the internet you will have an IP Address. This may take the form of a figure, such as 333.333.22.1. The address will be automatically collected and logged as part of the connection of your computer to our web server and may be used to determine the total number of visits to each part of the site. If there is a security breach, the relevant IP Address will be identified by the Internet Service Provider and the user may be contacted.Cookies – Common with many websites, when you enter our site your computer may automatically be issued a cookie. Cookies are devices which identify your computer to our server and personalize the site for your future use. Cookies only record the areas of our site that a computer has visited. A cookie will not provide us with any of your personal information. Therefore, if you have not supplied us with any personal contact information, you can still browse our site anonymously. If you do not want to store a cookie you can set your browser to deny it; however, if you turn cookies off, this may limit the services and ease of use that we are able to offer each time you visit our site.OWNERSHIP & USE OF CONTACT INFORMATIONTunnell Consulting is the sole owner of all information collected on this website. You acknowledge and consent that any information provided to Tunnell Consulting in connection with the use of this website may be used by Tunnell Consulting for its own purposes, including but not limited to marketing initiatives and promotions, sales opportunities, product/service development, research, and website statistical analysis to determine site usage and site/page activity. Tunnell Consulting will not release any contact information provided through this website to third parties.SCOPE OF THIS POLICYThis privacy policy covers the Tunnell Consulting websites at TunnellConsulting.com, TunnellGov.com, and all other domains that re-direct to these websites. We are only responsible for the privacy practices on these sites. Links within these sites to other websites are not covered by this policy, nor is Tunnell Consulting responsible for accuracy of information provided on other websites. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of every other website that you visit.CHANGES TO THIS POLICYTunnell Consulting reserves the right to change our privacy policy at any time. Accordingly, we recommend that you check this page periodically in order to review our current policies.
Scroll to Top