https://www.poci.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
Micro-Optics
Micro-Optics & Components
Micro Lenses
Micro Prisms
Micro Assemblies
Endoscopes
Specialty Endoscopes
Micro Endoscopes
CMOS Endoscopes
Camera Manufacturing
Imaging Couplers
Micro Couplers
Design
Design & Prototype
Robotics Optics Design
Fiber Optic Assemblies
Illumination Systems
Scope Design
Prism Design
Markets
Medical Device
Defense & Aerospace
Resources
Data Sheets
About Us
Our Team
News & Events
Blog
Compliance
Careers
Investor Relations
Contact Us
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Precision Optics Corporation is committed to the safety and security of your data. To help you understand how we protect your information, below we have listed the details of why we need it and how we use it:
We only use your data to better your experience with Precision Optics.
We will protect your data like it’s our own.
You’ll always receive straightforward information from us, no surprises.
You get to decide what information you receive from us.
Sharing your information
Your personal data, including name, address, or email information, will never be sold to third parties. Your information will only be used in conjunction with service providers who help us run our business and make it possible to get you the information you have requested, including social media sites.
Keeping your information
Your information will be on record for as long as it is needed in order to provide you with the services you have inquired about or to provide you with information you have requested.
Marketing Messages
If you have agreed to receiving information from Precision Optics, we will send you marketing emails to keep you up to date on our latest company news and to help you keep up with industry trends.You can choose stop receiving marketing messages from our team at any time by unsubscribing. You can also hit "unsubscribe" from any email you have received from us. Your preferences will automatically be updated and we will respect your choice to not receive further marketing messages.
Changes to how we protect your privacy
From time to time, we may make changes to this page as we make updates to how your data is processed. If the changes are significant, we will make you aware of that on the Precision Optics website or in other forms of contact such as email. In these cases, you will be able to review the changes before you continue using our website.
How we use your information
Below is a list of ways we use your data and why:
Information sent by email about our services keep you up to date and are only sent with your permission.
Precision Optics advertisements are intended to keep you informed about our latest news.
Finding out what types of information you, and other customers, like so we can make sure you receive the updates you want.
Contact history data is used to provide the best possible customer service and support.
Device information and how you use our website when you're on that device will help us improve our website for your viewing experience.
Information you share with us when you browse our site, such as IP address, device type, and location data (if chosen) will help us learn how you use our website and will also let us better protect the site.
Survey or promotion responses can be anonymous, but this information is always used to provide better customer experiences.
Your rights
The following rights relate to your personal information and are protected under GDPR and CCPA for citizens living in those protected domains. Precision Optics Corporation extends those rights to all consumers
To request disclosure of our data collection and sales practices in connection with the requesting consumer (listed above).
To request a copy of the specific personal information collected about them during the 12 months before their request.
To request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances.
The right to request that personal information not be sold to third parties. (We do not sell personal data to third parties. See below).
The right not to be discriminated against because they exercised any of the new rights.
To request the correction of inaccurate personal information.
To stop direct marketing emails or withdraw consent for other consent-based processing.
To request transfer of your data either to you or another service provider.
To complain to your data protection regulator.
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us.
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website to help us make sure you receive the best browsing experience based on your needs and preferences. Below are the four primary types of cookies and why each is important:
Site functionality – These cookies allow you to navigate the site and use the features we have implemented.
Site analytics – With these cookies, we can measure and analyze how our customers use the site in order to improve functionality.
Customer preference – This type of cookie will remember your preferences (ex. language or location), so your browsing experience is seamless and more personalized.
Targeting or advertising cookies – When used, these cookies are used to deliver relevant ads to you and limit the number of times you see an ad. This allows for measured effectiveness of marketing campaigns.
When using our site, you can choose to allow or disable the placement of these cookies on your device. If cookies are deleted or disabled, your user experience may be affected.
Have more questions?
Contact us to learn more about our uses of personal information and the types of contact you may receive from us.
Micro-OpticsEndoscopesDesign & Manufacture
About UsCareersContact Us
Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsCompliance
Precision Optics Corporation
22 East BroadwayGardner, MA 01440 USA
Tel: 978-630-1800    info@poci.com