http://www.jantzen.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
New Arrivals
Tops
Bottoms
One Pieces
Sale
More
THROUGH THE DECADES
THE ICON
CONTACT US
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Cart
Close cart
Privacy is important. That's why we keep any personal information you share with us private. End of story.
JANTZEN  has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and security. This policy describes JANTZEN's practices with respect to the collection of user information from this website. This document only applies to www.JANTZEN.com. We have taken extra steps to ensure your online shopping experience is safe and secure. As a visitor to www.JANTZEN.com, you have the right to understand our information privacy practices prior to providing JANTZEN with any of your personal information, which is any information that can be linked to a specific individual such as a name, address, phone number or email address.
What information we collect
JANTZEN only collects information that you voluntarily provide to us.
How we use your information
JANTZEN uses your personal information only for the purpose of responding to and fulfilling your requests for JANTZEN products and services.
Who we share your information with
We do not share the collected information with anyone. We respect your privacy.
How you can control the use of your information
JANTZEN provides you with choice and control over the collection and use of your personal information, as well as a means of updating and correcting any personal information stored in your customer profile.
How you can decide what marketing communications you'll receive
JANTZEN provides you with the opportunity to choose the promotional communications you wish to receive. If you choose not to subscribe for any promotional email services that JANTZEN provides, then you will only receive emails that relate to your purchases from JANTZEN.
How we protect your information
To ensure the confidentiality of your personal information, JANTZEN uses leading security technology and procedures that are reviewed regularly by our Security Management.
OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT
This JANTZEN Privacy Statement discloses the information privacy practices for www.JANTZEN.com.By providing you with this Privacy Statement, JANTZEN is pledging our continued commitment to protecting the information you provide to us. We regularly examine our information privacy practices to determine whether we are adhering to the disclosures about the collection, use, sharing and protection of your personal information made in this privacy statement.
Information collected about you
JANTZEN collects personal information about you that you voluntarily provide. Personal information includes information that can identify you as an individual, such as your name, phone number, or email address. Most web pages at www.JANTZEN.com can be accessed without providing any personal information. However, you are required to register at www.JANTZEN.com in order to make a purchase, and your personal information is needed to process and fulfill your order requests. On all pages that collect personal information, we specifically describe what information is required in order to provide you with the product or service you have requested.
JANTZEN collects personal information when you:
• REGISTER AN ACCOUNT
JANTZEN collects your email address and password when you register at our website.
• COMPLETE YOUR USER PROFILE
JANTZEN collects the full name, address, city, state, zip, country, email address, shipping information and credit card information. This information is stored in the My Account area of www.JANTZEN.com.
• MAKE A PURCHASE
JANTZEN collects the billing address of the credit card that is used to make a purchase. We will also collect credit card information, including card number, card type, cardholder name, and expiration date, in order to bill you for your purchases through www.JANTZEN.com.
• PARTICPATE IN SURVEYS OR CONTESTS
Occasionally, JANTZEN may offer our site visitors an opportunity to participate in a survey or contest. Information collected by JANTZEN when you participate in a survey or contest may include your full name, email address and street address.
• CONTACT JANTZEN
JANTZEN collects personal information such as your full name, zip code, email address, and/or contact number whenever you submit a question or suggestion, or request assistance with viewing or accessing your account, or logging in to www.JANTZEN.com.
Other Information We Collect
Some information is collected automatically every time you visit www.JANTZEN.com. JANTZEN collects information about your computer and assigns you a "cookie" (a small, unique identifier text file) when you visit www.JANTZEN.com. You do not provide this information; it is collected automatically as a means of supporting your visit to our site. This cookie does not contain any personal information.
Cookie Technologies
As a visitor to www.JANTZEN.com, you will be assigned a permanent cookie file on your computer's hard drive. You can always choose to not receive a cookie file by enabling your web browser to refuse cookies or prompt you before accepting a cookie. Be advised, though, that refusing to accept a cookie may prevent you from accessing the full benefits of the JANTZEN online store. When you access the My Account area of www.JANTZEN.com, you are required to login using your email address and password. Once you login, we record the email address in the cookie file on your computer. We may also record your password in this cookie file. Permanent cookie files remain on your computer's hard drive until you manually delete the file.
Computer Information
JANTZEN collects certain technical information from your computer each time you request a page during a visit to www.JANTZEN.com. This information is collected from your computer's web browser and may include your IP address, operating system, web browser software (e.g. Google Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer), screen resolution, and referrer website. Wireless users: Please check with your wireless company if you are using your cellular phone to access the Internet to understand whether personal information may be used to identify you.
Information we collect may be used to:
• REGISTER AN ACCOUNT
We use your information to create your account at www.JANTZEN.com
• SEND EMAIL NOTIFICATIONS FOR SPECIAL PROMOTIONS
If you choose to receive communications about special promotions, we may use your email address to send you communications about surveys, contests and marketing information. We may use your email address or telephone number to contact you about your purchase and availability.
• RESPOND TO YOUR QUESTIONS OR SUGGESTIONS
We may use your email address or telephone number to respond when you submit a question or suggestion, or request assistance logging in to your JANTZEN account.
• IMPROVE THE QUALITY OF YOUR VISIT TO JANTZEN.COM
We collect information about your computer (not your name, address, email address, or telephone number) through your permanent cookie file for the purpose of assessing the effectiveness of site content and traffic. This data allows us to improve the quality of your visit by streamlining your ability to navigate the site and develop featured programs and content that will be of interest to our site visitors.
Credit Card Guarantee
Your credit card is protected whenever you make a purchase through JANTZEN. If any unauthorized charges appear on your credit card statement within 12 months of your last JANTZEN transaction, report this fraud to your credit card provider and contact us immediately at  cs@JANTZEN.com. Most credit card companies cover all charges resulting from credit card fraud, or may limit your responsibility to $50, the maximum allowed under the Fair Credit Billing Act. JANTZEN is committed to making sure you are covered.
Our Legal Obligations
JANTZEN may disclose information against someone who poses a threat to JANTZEN’s interests (such as customer fraud) or whose activities could bring harm to others.
Control Access to your Information
JANTZEN believes that site visitors should have control over the collection and use of their personal information. Logging in to www.JANTZEN.com allows registered visitors to view and change their account settings. The email settings option lets you change your email address. You can change your shipping information from your account profile; update your name, phone numbers, and credit card information associated with your profile. You can also close your JANTZEN account by calling  emailing cs@JANTZEN.com
You may receive communications from JANTZEN when you:
• REQUEST A FORGOTTEN PASSWORD
When you request your password, we will send your password via email. All you need to enter is your email address.
• MAKE A PURCHASE
Each time you make a purchase through JANTZEN you will receive confirmation of your new purchase via email.
• ELECT TO RECEIVE PROMOTIONAL COMMUNICATION
When registered at www.JANTZEN.com, you will occasionally receive opt-in emails notifying you of special promotions, if you sign up for this service. Promotional emails are intended to inform you of new or special deals that are available from JANTZEN.
• REQUEST CUSTOMER SUPPORT OR SUBMIT A QUESTION/SUGGESTION
When you request assistance viewing or accessing your account, we will respond to you via email, live chat or telephone.
Protecting Your Information
We want our site visitors to feel confident about using www.JANTZEN.com to make a purchase, so we are committed to protecting the information we collect. JANTZEN has implemented a security program to keep information that is stored in our systems protected from unauthorized access. Currently, JANTZEN only stores the information you provide when registering at www.JANTZEN.com. Our systems are configured with data encryption technologies and industry-standard firewalls. When you send personal information to JANTZEN over the Internet, your data is protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure safe transmission. To verify the security of our site, look at our URL in your browser window. The letter "s" added to the "http" indicates that SSL is in effect. Also, in many cases, your browser will warn you if you are about to send information via a site that is not secure.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
JANTZEN reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. If there are material changes to this policy or in how JANTZEN will use your personal information, JANTZEN will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change.
Regardless of later updates, we will abide by the information privacy practices described in the Privacy Policy posted at the time you provided us with your information.
If you have questions about our Privacy Statement, please email us at cs@JANTZEN.com
Contacting JANTZEN
We want to make sure you have control over your online experience as a JANTZEN customer, from purchasing your merchandise to protecting your personal information.JANTZEN customer service agents are ready to help with your JANTZEN concerns. When you need help, email cs@JANTZEN.com. All emails will receive a response within 24 hours, but usually much sooner. Agents will address any questions or concerns you may have about your JANTZEN purchases. We will do our best to respond to your request for assistance or other questions about JANTZEN within 24 hours.
Take 20% OFF YOUR NEXT PURCHASE
As a thank you for signing up for emails, take 20% off reg. price styles on your next purchase. Plus, we're giving you access to exclusive offers, new arrivals, and more. *Discount cannot be combined with other promotions/discounts.
No thanks
"Close (esc)"
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"