http://www.printglobe.com/privacy
Home-Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyDate of Last Revision: February 24, 20201. YOUR SECURITY ONLINEPrintGlobe provides a secure e-commerce platform, which you can use to provide information, purchase products, and view information. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.PrintGlobe utilizes commercially reasonable security methods, including administrative, technical and physical protections, to prevent the theft, access, alteration, destruction, or disclosure of your information. We test and improve our methods regularly. Nonetheless, no communication using the internet is perfectly secure. PrintGlobe will attempt to protect your information, but we cannot guarantee the safety of any information you send to us, and you do so at your own risk. 2. WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTEDIn order to improve the usefulness of our Web site for our visitors, we automatically collect and maintain statistical information from our site's data logs that concern network traffic flow and volume. This information consists of: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (e.g., "a company.com"; "a school.edu"; or "an agency.gov"); the Internet Protocol Number; the date and time the PrintGlobe Web site is visited; the pages and items that are downloaded; and type of browser software you use.PrintGlobe also may request personal information, including your name, address, email, telephone number and other identifiers. This information is only collected when you provide it, and PrintGlobe may use it for a variety of reasons, as explained in more detail below.3. COOKIES & WEB ANALYTICSThe PrintGlobe web site uses "cookies," which are files placed on a visitor's hard drive that allows the Web site to monitor the individual's use of the site. These cookies do not tell us your email address or any information you don't provide. However, once you register on our site, the personal information you provide will be placed in these cookies. PrintGlobe uses these to ensure our content improves and meets your, and other visitors’, needs. While most of the cookies will “disappear” when you finish browsing, PrintGlobe also uses persistent cookies. Persistent cookies stay on your computer simply to ensure that we recognize your device when you revisit the Web site. Please note that there are options on most browsers (including, but not limited to, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, and Microsoft Edge) to disable cookies. You can choose to do so, but it may impact your use of certain Web site functions. To learn more about your ability to manage cookies and web beacons, please consult the privacy features in your browser.PrintGlobe may use Google Analytics to collect information about your use of the Web site. Google Analytics collects certain information, such as how often you visit the Web site, the pages you visit, and the other websites you use prior to visiting the Web site. PrintGlobe may use the information received from Google Analytics to improve the Web site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Web site, rather than your name or other identifying information. PrintGlobe does not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with any other information collected from you. Although Google Analytics stores a permanent cookie on your machine to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Web site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use available at http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html and the Google Privacy Policy available at http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.4. PRINTGLOBE'S USE OF INFORMATIONPrintGlobe uses (and, where specified, shares) the information you provide for the following purposes:to provide you with goods or services that you have ordered or requested. PrintGlobe also uses financial/credit card and payment information to process payments made through the Web site and may need to share some of this information with delivery services, credit card clearing houses, and other third parties to complete the transaction;to respond to your inquiries and to send you information about products/services we think you would appreciate;to improve the Web site and overall user experience;to evaluate responsiveness rates or gauge the usability of the Web site;to stop malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity from occurring on the Web site;to notify you when we make changes to our subscriber agreements;to send you newsletters or promotional information you request; or to contact you about your account.** Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. **PrintGlobe promises that we will never sell your customer contact information. Your user information is only used as a profile to modify your needs and preferences for this site. If you would like to update any information submitted to PrintGlobe or opt out of any email lists, please contact our Customer Service Department.Most of our disclosures are necessary to complete a transaction and provide the goods and services you have requested. Nonetheless, PrintGlobe may disclose your information if needed to comply with a court order, law, legal proceeding, or request from the government. PrintGlobe also reserves the right to disclose your information if we have the reasonable belief that said disclosure is fundamental to the safety of individuals associated with PrintGlobe or others unaffiliated with the company. PrintGlobe reserves the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to require that the transferee use personal information provided through this Web site in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.To protect your privacy and security, you will be asked to log in with a password to verify your identity before you can access your account.5. DATA PROCESSINGPrintGlobe processes your information so that we can deliver information, products, or services that you have either already purchased or that we believe you would be interested in. Any information we transfer to a third-party processor that is not affiliated with PrintGlobe, including our third party storage system, is done so as permitted by law. PrintGlobe will enter into agreements with any such third party processors to ensure that they will not further collect, sell, or use your personal information except as necessary to perform data processing. In some of these cases, PrintGlobe processes this information automatically, but in others we will ask your permission in advance. Either way, your information helps us understand what you are looking for, and helps us operate as a better, more responsive business. 6. SECURITY INFORMATIONUnfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or across mobile carriers and networks, or method of storage - electronic or otherwise - can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. IN NO EVENT SHALL PRINTGLOBE BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE FORM OF ANY ACTION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTIONS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE, COPYING, OR DISPLAY OF THE CONTENTS OF THE SITE, EVEN IF PRINTGLOBE OR AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF PRINTGLOBE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.7. CHILDREN'S ON-LINE PRIVACYPrintGlobe recognizes the particular importance of protecting the privacy of children. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. When a user makes a purchase on the Web site, the user is representing to us that he or she is an adult. If a child provides the Web site with personally identifiable information, we ask that a parent or guardian call 1(800) 989-2181 to notify us. We will then delete the personally identifiable information pertaining to the child from our records.8. TRACKING DISCLOSUREPrintGlobe does not respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms.9. DATA RIGHTSFor US Data SubjectsPrintGlobe processes data concerning US data subjects according to applicable US law.For EU Data SubjectsThe European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides certain rights for EU data subjects. Because PrintGlobe is not established in the European Union, these rights would only apply in relation to PrintGlobe offering of goods or services to data subjects in the European Union, if we envisage offering such goods or services to data subjects in the Union, or in relation to our monitoring of behavior in the European Union. Among these rights would be the right to know:the purpose of the processing;the categories of personal data concerned;who else outside of our organization might have received the data from us;what the source of the information was (if not provided directly to us); andhow long the data will be stored. Additionally, under GDPR, EU data subjects would have the right to access and rectify their personal data if it is inaccurate. EU data subjects may, under certain circumstances, also request that we cease using their data for direct marketing purposes, or that we erase their data. EU data subjects may also have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if they have concerns about how we process their personal data. PrintGlobe would also be required to, at an EU data subject’s request, provide personal data that the data subject has provided to us to the data subject or transmit it directly to another controller if technically feasible.10. EXTERNAL LINKSThe Web site may contain links to third-party material, including other websites. This material is not affiliated with, or owned by, PrintGlobe and all other websites have their own separate terms and conditions and privacy policies. After you choose to follow the link and leave the Web site, PrintGlobe is not responsible for the content of those websites, or their privacy policies. PrintGlobe cannot be held liable for what information they collect, or how they choose to use that information, as their respective privacy policies control your use of their website.11. THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERSPlease note that at times, third parties may set cookies or use related technologies or web beacons when you view and/or click their advertising banners, links or other ads. Information from tracking technologies received with third party ads and links may be collected directly by those advertisers and ad service providers and used to cause relevant ads to be displayed to you. For example, these companies may collect and use information about you and your visits to the Web site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These advertisements may appear on the Web site and on other websites. The advertiser’s privacy policy and/or that of its service provider will govern the use of this information, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such companies. PrintGlobe encourages you to read these businesses’ privacy policies to learn about how they treat your information. Additionally, some of these companies (like the ad networks) are members of the industry groups, the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance, each of which offers a single location to opt out of their cookies. For more information about third party advertisers and how to prevent them from using your information, we encourage you to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s consumer web site, at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices, and the Digital Advertising Alliance's consumer choice page at http://www.aboutads.info.12. Data Transfer from EU to USThis company is located in the United States, and the information gathered from you will be processed there. The United States has not been given an “adequacy” finding by the European Union. Nonetheless, we note that we would not transmit private information about a data subject in the European Union to the United States without agreement to us doing so, to perform a contract with the data subject, or to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of PrintGlobe in a manner that does not outweigh the data subject’s rights and freedoms.13. CONSENTBy using our Web site, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Statement and the Web site Terms of Use INCLUDING ALL LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES PROVISIONS, which are an integral part of this Privacy Statement. By using our Web site, you also consent to the collection and use of this information by PrintGlobe as disclosed in this Privacy Statement.14. HOW TO CONTACT USIf you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you can call us at 1(800) 989-2181 or Email us.15. OUR ADDRESSPrintGlobe, Inc.3500 ComSouth Dr, Ste 100Austin, Texas 78744www.PrintGlobe.comCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”)