https://www.kingedward.co.uk/terms-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Use of this site is provided by King Edward Catering Supplies subject to the following Terms and Conditions.
Your use of this site constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions as at the date of your first use of the site.
King Edward Catering Supplies reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions from time to time by posting changes online. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified.
You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner which does not infringe the rights, or restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the site by any third party.
This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos regarding or relating to King Edward Catering Supplies are provided "as is" without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied. In no event will King Edward Catering Supplies be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from the use or in connection with such use or loss of use of the site, whether in contract or in negligence. Whilst King Edward Catering Supplies endeavours to ensure the information contained in this site is accurate, it does not warrant that it is error free.
King Edward Catering Supplies does not warrant that the functions contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, and reliability of the materials.
Copyright restrictions
Commercial use or publication of all or any item displayed is strictly prohibited without prior authorisation from King Edward Catering Supplies. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any licence by King Edward Catering Supplies to use any item displayed.
Documents may be copied for personal use only on the condition that copyright and source indications are also copied, no modifications are made and the document is copied entirely. However, some documents and photos have been published on this site with the permission of the relevant copyright owners (who are not King Edward Catering Supplies). All rights are reserved on these documents and permission to copy them must be requested from the copyright owners (the sources are indicated within these documents/photographs).
This site may contain links to other sites, please be aware that King Edward Catering Supplies is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites and takes no responsibility for their content or availability.
If there is any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and rules and/or specific terms of use appearing on this site relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
These terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any disputes shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, the use of this site must be terminated immediately.
Privacy
Please see our Privacy Policy page for more information.
Fresh from our kitchen
Return on Investment
Do you know how much profit your equipment can make you? Find Out
About King Edward
Our products can be found in the restaurants of most major retailers throughout the UK.
Proud to supply…