http://www.screeningservices.com/privacy
Call us today @ 330-460-3347!
HomeLatest NewsWhy Us?Register Now »FREE FormsLandlord ResourcesFAQ'sTestimonialsContact Us
Order a Site Visit »
Free Forms
Membership ApplicationTenant ReleaseTenant ApplicationSample Lease AgreementDenial LetterCo-signer AgreementRefund StatementMove In/ Move Out StatementPet AgreementSample Eviction NoticeLead Based Paint DisclosureLead Based Paint PamphletSample Notary SubpoenaSample Credit Report
Join Our Mailing List
* Required
*First Name
*Last Name
*E-Mail Address
Join »
Contact Information
PO Box 1287
Brunswick, Ohio 44212
Phone: 330-460-3347
Fax: 330-460-6170
info@screeningservices.com
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website.
In order to register on this website, certain personal information is required.
During the registration process you are asked to fax or scan and email a membership form requiring your name, street and email address, telephone number, credit card information and bank account number.
You will also have to identify if you are operating as an individual, partnership or corporation/LLC.
This information is required by the credit reporting agency and the federal government and is used to protect against identity theft. Landlords are not permitted to obtain a Tenant's credit report without a signed release.
We will collect the following information about third parties when you order a report:
name, address, social security number, driver's license number and birth date.
We use the information collected from you to answer your emails and process tenant applications.
If you request a newsletter or ask a question, we collect your email address. If you would like to change your personal information or no long wish to receive our newsletter, you can contact us by emailing info@screeningservices.com We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us on line in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on our website.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and insure the correct use of information, we have put into place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Service Providers.
We use third party providers to obtain components such as background reports, litigation, credit reports and criminal records. As necessary, your information may be shared in order to provide the services you request.
These third parties are prohibited from using your information for promotional purposes.
A merchant service company processes the credit card transaction and an email provider distributes our newsletters.
Testimonials.
Our clients send us unsolicited testimonials.
We obtain consent prior to posting.
Security.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect personal information submitted to us both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission or
electronic storage is one hundred percent secure; therefore, while we strive to use accepted means to protect your information we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes in this Privacy Statement.
If we decide to change our privacy statement, we will post those changes on the website.
We reserve the right to change this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
Screening Services
www.screeningservices.com
330-460-3347
Home   |   Latest News   |   Why Us?   |   Register Now »   |   FREE Forms   |   Landlord Resources   |   FAQ's   |   Testimonials   |   Contact Us   |   Privacy Policy
All Rights Reserved 2020, Screening Services - Admin Login   |   Web Design by Alt Media Studios
The content of this website is intended for general informational purposes only. Always verify pertinent information with your real estate attorney, broker, county, state and federal authorities before acting responsibly. The Screening Services staff is made up of seasoned Landlords, not attorneys, who are ready to answer your questions and brainstorm your tenant/landlord problems.