http://www.merinoindia.com/privacy-policy.php
Infrastructure
Accrediations
Vigil Mechanism
HOME
ABOUT US
CSR
DOWNLOADS
VERTICALS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome
Thank you for visiting Merino India. This website is owned by Merino India. This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide via this site. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using, or submitting information, to this site. This application is intended for use by residents of India.
By using this website, you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via this website or through any other mode, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Passive Information Collection
As you navigate through this website, certain anonymous information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies, such as cookies, Internet tags or Web beacons, and navigational data collection (log files, server logs, clickstream). Your Internet browser automatically transmits to this website some of this anonymous information, such as the URL of the Web site you just came from and the Internet Protocol (IP) address and the browser version your computer is currently using. This website may also collect anonymous information from your computer through cookies and Internet tags or Web beacons. You may set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent or to refuse cookies altogether, but certain features of this website might not work without cookies.
This website may use and combine such passively collected anonymous information to provide better service to website visitors, customize the website based on your preferences, compile and analyze statistics and trends, and otherwise administer and improve the website for your use. Such information is not combined with personally identifiable information collected elsewhere on the website unless you have consented.
A "cookie" is a bit of information that a Web site sends to your Web browser that helps the application remember information about you and your preferences.
"Session" cookies are temporary bits of information that are used to improve navigation, block visitors from providing information where inappropriate (the website "remembers" previous entries of age or country of origin that were outside the specified parameters and blocks subsequent changes), and collect aggregate statistical information on the website. They are erased once you exit your Web browser or otherwise turn off your computer.
"Persistent" cookies are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer and stay there unless you delete the cookie. Persistent cookies store information on your computer for a number of purposes, such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided (such as passwords), helping to determine what areas of the Web site visitors find most valuable, and customizing the Web site based on your preferences on an ongoing basis. Persistent cookies placed by this website on your computer may hold personally identifiable information, but only if you have registered or have otherwise consented to the retention of personally identifiable information you have provided at the website. Otherwise, our applications server only knows that an unidentified visitor with your cookie has returned to the website.
You can set your browser to accept all cookies, to reject all cookies, or to notify you whenever a cookie is offered so that you can decide each time whether to accept it. To learn more about cookies and how to specify your preferences, please search for "cookie" in the "Help" portion of your browser.
An application may use Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet and is generally considered to be non-personally identifiable information, because in most cases an IP address is dynamic (changing each time you connect to the Internet), rather than static (unique to a particular user's computer). The IP address can be used to diagnose problems with a server, report aggregate information, determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to an application, and administer and improve the application.
"Internet tags" (also known as single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs, and 1-by-1 GIFs) are smaller than cookies and tell the Web application server information such as the IP address and browser type related to the visitor's computer. Tags may be placed both on online advertisements that bring people to the website and on different pages of the website. Such tags indicate how many times a page is opened and which information is consulted.
"Navigational data" (log files, server logs, and clickstream data) are used for system management, to improve the content of the website, market research purposes, and to communicate information to visitors.
Use and Disclosure of Information
Except as otherwise stated, we may use information collected via this website to improve the content of our website, to customize the website to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), for our marketing and research purposes, and for any other purpose specified. In addition, we may make full use of all information acquired through this website that is not in personally identifiable form.
If you provide personally identifiable information to this website or through any other mode, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection. We also may disclose personally identifiable information you provide via this website or through any other mode to third parties that are not affiliated to merino india, but only:
to contractors we use to support our business (such as fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services, and financial institutions), in which case we will require such third parties to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and use it for the same purposes;
in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this website to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and use it for the same purposes; or
to respond to law enforcement requests or where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations.
Security
This website takes reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information as you transmit it to our website and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this website may not be secure.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
If this Privacy Policy changes, the revised policy will be posted onto this website. Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 31st March 2015.
PRIVACY POLICY
Copyright © Merinoindia.com. All rights reserved