http://www.signgallery.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of our visitors and are committed to preserving your online safety by preserving your privacy at anytime you visit or communicate with our site. Our privacy policy has been provided and reviewed by the solicitors at Legal Centre who specialise in online internet contracts. Our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy offers you a thorough explanation regarding your personal data provided to us or any data we may collect from you. This Privacy Policy is updated from time to time; therefore, it should be reviewed occasionally. Collected InformationData can be collected and processed during the operations of our website. The following are ways we may perform these actions: Data regarding your visit(s) to our website and any resources used are collected. The following is included and not limited to: location data, weblogs, traffic data, and any other communication information. Any forms you filled out on our site allows us to collect data such as registering for information or when you complete a purchase. If for any reason you communicate with our personnel or site we may collect information.Use of CookiesCookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set (see ‘Essential site cookie’ below). You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site may not work.CookieNamePurposeMore informationEssential site cookieASP.NET_SessionIdThis cookie is essential for the site to operate and is set upon your arrival to the site. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.Visit the Microsoft websiteGoogle Analytics_utma_utmb_utmc_utmzThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.Click here for an overview of privacy at GoogleMost web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutThird Party LinksThird party links may be discovered on our site, these third party links have their own privacy policy. We are not responsible nor do we accept responsibility for third party links. Our liability covers us only on our site, and thus we do not accept liability for third party links as we have no control over them.