https://www.accesstca.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Instagram
1.508.234.9791
Home
Services
Exhibit and Experience Design
Program Management
Strategy and Insights
Production and Fabrication
Convention and Meeting Management
Virtual Offerings
Culture
Leadership
Careers
AccessRx
Resources
Case Studies
Access Insights
Let’s Engage
Contact
Let’s Work Together!
This is the website of Access TCA, Inc. Our postal address is One Main Street Whitinsville, MA, 01588
We can be reached via e-mail at info@accesstca.com or you can reach us by telephone at 508.234.9791.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit, user-specific information on what pages visitors access or visit, information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page and used by us to contact visitors for marketing purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record user-specific information on pages users access or visit.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by writing to us at the above address or unsubscribe using the provided link within emails.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products, services, or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the internal use list.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products, services, or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by writing to us at the above address.