http://www.beverage-digest.com/privacy-policy
Sign In
Create Account
Sign Out
My Account
Subscribe NowHomeTopicsA Message From the Editor & PublisherContact UsCOVID-19Latest InsightsNewsletter IssuesSubscribe/RenewAbout Our NewsletterSubscribeRenewMulti-user License InquiryNewsletter Subscription IssuesDataReportsFact Book 25th Edition (2020)Coke/Pepsi System Books 2019All ReportsEventsFuture Smarts 2020Awards 2020Future Smarts 2019Awards 2019Label
Home » Privacy Policy
Email
Tweet
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how “Beverage Digest” uses and protects any information that you provide to “Beverage Digest” when you use this website. Use of this website indicates that you consent to this privacy policy.
“Beverage Digest” is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
“Beverage Digest” may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy was last modified on Feb. 5, 2019.
What information we collect
During your visit to this website, we may collect the following information:
Name, job title and other information that you provide to us which is relevant to purchases, registrations and subscriptions.
Contact information including telephone numbers, postal addresses and email addresses.
Demographic information such as location, preferences and interests.
Beverage-Digest.com does not collect or hold any credit card information.
What we do with the information you provide
We may use this information to:
Deliver the products and services requested by you during your visit to this website.
Contact you in relation to the products and services requested by you, such as updates to events.
Conduct other aspects of transactions such as sending of invoices.
Facilitate use of website services and personalize aspects of the website to improve the visitor experience.
Administer the website.
Periodically send promotional emails about new products, services, special offers or other information which we think may be of interest to you. Each email contains a link to unsubscribe from future communications.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, or mail.
Deal with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the use of this website, including cases of fraud.
Data Security
We take all reasonable technical and managerial precautions to prevent loss, misuse, alteration or disclosure of your personally identifiable information. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. Despite these efforts to store personally identifiable information collected on and through the website and otherwise by us in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the security of personally identifiable information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-parties such as so-called hackers from illegally obtaining access to personally identifiable information. We do not warrant or represent that personally identifiable information about you will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
All our website financial transactions are handled through our payment services providers, Worldpay and Authorize.net. Worldpay's and Authorize.net's privacy policies are available at www.worldpay.com and www.authorize.net. We will share information with Worldpay and Authorize.net only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments.
It is your responsibility to keep your username and password details confidential. We will never ask you for your login details (except when you log in to this website).
Cookies
We may use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on the website to provide the functionality that the website offers, and track usage patterns of visitors. Cookies can also help customize the website for visitors by remembering information about your preferences.
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for either the content or the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such websites, and such websites are not governed by this privacy policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission, or in the case of one or more of the following circumstances:
We are required to do so by law.
In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings.
In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please apply in writing to Beverage Digest, PO Box 3147, Lilburn, GA 30048.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us at the address above, or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Popular Stories
Bang Energy Terminates PepsiCo Distribution Deal Without Cause
Exclusive Q&A: Bang CEO Offers View of PepsiCo’s Performance. “Terminated Means Terminated.”
Need data?See our portfolio of industry reportsBrowse now
Latest News
Emergency Arbitrator Says PepsiCo Remains Bang's Exclusive US Distributor
Exclusive Q&A: Bang CEO Offers View of PepsiCo’s Performance. “Terminated Means Terminated.”
International Perspective: Coke, Pepsi Global Volumes
Non-Carbonated Beverage Performance at Retail
Bang Drops, Sues Distributor PepsiCo
Beverage-Digest
Contact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms Of Use© 2020 Beverage Digest.Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
Follow us on social media