http://www.draperbee.com/index.php/privacy-policy
+800-233-4273 +570-537-2381 sales@draperbee.comMon-Fri 8am-5pm - Sat 8am-1pm
Ordering
Your web browser must be set to accept cookies for the shopping cart to work properly. If you have problems in the shopping cart or checking out you may have to change your settings.Our shopping cart is secure, so you can feel secure buying online from Draper's. We always offer speedy bee-livery on all orders! There are discounts available on some items if you order in bulk, so if you want a large amount of a particular item please call us to place your order. Once you place an online order we will do everything we can to give you the best price on shipping and the products ordered, if we can offer you cheaper rate on shipping or a special item price that was not listed on the website we will call or email you before we ship your order. You can view the U.P.S. Ground shipping chart by clicking here. This chart will give you the delivery time from us to you on ground shipments. Because of the new U.P.S. policy concerning package dimensions (light weight but large package dimensions), some items may cost more to ship. Dimensional shipping cost supersedes actual weight shipping cost. Unfortunately dimensional issues can not be determined by the shopping cart system and you will be charged the additional shipping if indeed your package is over sized.
If you choose to have your package shipped by an air service there may be an additional shipping charge as U.P.S. is now calculating all air shipments by dimensional weight and not the actual weight. At this time there is no way for our online shipping calculator to know the dimensions of the box. We are working on the problem and thank you for understanding.
We may request a photograph of any damaged items received or the shipping package before we reship the product or issue a refund. In some cases we may want to have the items returned to us.
Shipping rates vary depending on distance, weight, insurance claimed and shipper used. Therefore, we can not quote shipping costs over the phone on some items. If you need to know the exact shipping charge, place your order and we will pack it and call you with the exact charge. Also, when you receive your shipment, look for the packing slip in or on the outside of the box. Inside the packing slip you will find a copy of your invoice. There is a $ 3.50 handling fee applied to all shipped orders.
We will never sell or give out your information...it is only used to send your order.
Shipping on returned items is not refundable. Credits applied to your American Express account are subject to a $6.00 transaction fee.
If the shipping address you give us is not correct U.P.S. will charge us to correct the address. The $ 10.00 charge will be passed on to you.International Shipping
If you are in another country, the online shipping costs may seem high and this is because we only offer the fastest services from U.P.S. online, if you would like to see if there is a cheaper shipping method available, please feel free to email us. We like U.P.S. for international shipments because we can track packages, they are by far the fastest and very dependable. If you refuse a package and it is returned to us, you are still responsible for the shipping both ways and any required duties implemented by your country. You are liable for all duties and/or charges related to your shipment. We do need valid phone numbers for all international shipments...thank you!
We can not be held responsible for improper customer handling or storage. If dissatisfied with any of our products, they must be returned to us, with your request for credit or refund. Partial used products can not be returned. If the product was purchased at a store, other than Draper's, you must return the product to that store for a refund or exchange. (Note: The store's policy supersedes Draper's policy)
Search
Home
About Honey Pollen Propolis Royal Jelly Draper's Super Bee
Honey Honey Honeystix Pollen Books Beeswax Candle Molds Candy Gift Items Body Care Products Raw Honey Propolis Comb Honey Chunk Honey Royal Jelly Crystallized Honey Molasses Maple Syrup
Bee Supplies Woodenware Foundation Protective Gear & Equipment Pest & Disease Controls Miscellaneous Supplies Containers Observation Hive Beginner's Kit Queens & Package Bees Labels
Links The Important of Bees Bees, Hornets and Wasps National Honey Board Beekeeping Library from Russia World's beekeeping directory Contact
Cart Specials Testimonials