https://www.bulo.com/privacy-policy/
Downloads
Catalog
enfrnl
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority.
This Statement of Privacy applies to www.bulo.com and Indesa Holdings and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to indesa include: www.bulo.com, Bulo Kantoormeubelen, Bosq, Bulvano and Bulo Office Furniture Limited.
The Bulo website is a Office Furniture specification site. By using the Bulo website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our site, Bulo may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
E-mail Address
Phone Numbers
Employer
Job title
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Bulo’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by Indesa Holdings and/or the companies within this as described above.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a competition sponsored by us or one of the group companies; (c) signing up for or requesting CAD file downloads; (d) sending us an email message; (e) using our on-line chat service; (f) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and/or purchasing products and services on our site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Bulo collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Bulo may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Bulo and its affiliates.
Sharing Information With Third Parties
Bulo does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Bulo may share data with its affiliates and trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Bulo, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Bulo may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Bulo or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Bulo; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Bulo, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
The Bulo website may use “Cookies” to help you personalise you online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programmes or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issues the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalise Bulo pages, or register with Bulo site or services, a cookie helps Bulo to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Bulo website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Bulo features that you customised.
You have the ability to decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Bulo services or pages you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Bulo secures your personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. Bulo uses the following methods for this purpose:
SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measure to protect against unauthorised access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that:
(a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and
(b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Bulo does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Bulo and its affiliates may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Bulo or its affiliates, you may opt out of such communications by either using the unsubscribe link or by contacting Bulo on +44(0)7827016081 or kevin@bulo.be.
Changes to this statement
Bulo reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending notice to primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Bulo welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Bulo has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Bulo at:
Bulo Office Furniture Limited,
Ground floor and Basement,
14 Baltic Street East,
London,
EC1Y 0UJ
Email address: info@bulo.be
Telephone Number: +32 15282828
Effective as of 25th May 2018.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I accept cookiesPrivacy policy