http://www.darcor.com/privacy-policy/
Company
Blog
1 800 387 7206
Caster Selector
Caster Solutions by Industry
workplace ergonomics & technology
MenuHomeAbout DarcorCaster SelectorCaster Solutions by IndustryFind a DistributorWorkplace Ergonomics & Caster TechnologyBlog
You are here » Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
In 2016, Darcor Casters and Wheels celebrated 85 years in the caster industry.
Since 1931, Darcor Casters and Wheels has been the world leader in high performance caster solutions—helping companies and organizations in every industry to keep things rolling more easily, safely, quietly, and reliably.
These strengths, which have fostered long-term, mutually beneficial customer relationships, are a direct result of our all-encompassing commitment to excellence, backed up by exceptional technological and human resources. Specifically, our research and development, design, manufacturing, and testing facilities are second to none. Our people in all functions, from ergonomics to customer service, are unsurpassed in knowledge, dedication, and inspiration.
Our website address is: http://www.darcor.com.
What personal Data We Collect and Why We Collect It
This Privacy Policy is applicable to Darcor Limited (“Darcor”) and sets out our policy on the gathering and use of information on this site and our other sites (collectively “Sites”). Darcor is committed to providing safe web sites for visitors of all ages and has implemented this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. Darcor complies with Canadian Federal and Provincial privacy laws and regulations including the Personal Information and Electronic Documents Act.
There may be links from our Sites to other web sites; note that this Privacy Policy applies only to our Sites and not to web sites of other companies or organizations to which our Sites may be linked. You must check on any linked sites for the privacy policy that applies to that site and/or make any necessary inquiries in respect of that privacy policy with the operator of the linked site. These links to third party websites are provided as a convenience and are for informational purposes only. Darcor does not endorse, and is not responsible for, these linked websites.
Although you are not required to register to access our Sites, you may be asked to provide us with personal information when you visit certain sections of our Sites. Your use of our Sites signifies your acknowledgement and consent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use our Sites. Your continued use of the Sites signifies your acceptance of these terms and any changes in effect at the time of use.
Collection of Personal Information
Personal Information is information about you that identifies you as an individual, for example, your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number.
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us through responses to surveys, search functions, questionnaires, feedback, forms and the like.
Cookies
Darcor, in common with many web site operators, may use standard technology called “cookies” on its Sites. Cookies are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer when you visit a particular web site. You can disable cookies by turning them off in your browser; however, some areas of the Sites may not function properly if you do so.
Embedded Content From Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How does Darcor Use Information Gathered about Online Visitors?
Before forwarding us any personal information, please be advised that any information gathered on our Sites may be used in the aggregate for research and development relating to our Sites and/or for future site development and, if you ask us to, to send you promotional materials. In particular, we may use information gathered about you for the following purposes: to monitor interest in our range of products and to assist us to tailor the content of our Sites to your needs by collecting information about your preferences through tracking of patterns page views on our Sites; to create a profile relating to you in order to show you the content that might be of interest to you and to display the content according to your preferences; and, in circumstances where you have indicated that you wish to receive additional information, to send you information about us and promotional material about our products together with details of any offers we may have available from time to time.
Promotional and Informational Offers
With the permission of an online visitor, information submitted at the time of registration or submission may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by Darcor provided notice of this fact is made available online. If a visitor objects to such use for any reason, he/she may prevent that use, either by e-mail request or by modifying the registration information provided. Darcor uses reasonable efforts to maintain visitors’ information in a secure environment. If you have submitted personal information and want to change it or opt-out, please contact us as described below.
Disclosure of Information
Darcor will not disclose personal information that you provide on its Sites to any third parties other than to a Darcor agent except: i) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, or ii) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, warrant, subpoena or court order, and/or iii) if you are reporting an adverse event/side effect, in which case Darcor may be required to disclose such information to bodies such as, but not limited to, Canadian and/or international regulatory authorities. Please note that any of these disclosures may involve the storage or processing of personal information outside of Canada and may therefore be subject to different privacy laws than those applicable in Canada, including laws that require the disclosure of personal information to governmental authorities under circumstances that are different than those that apply in Canada.
How Long We Retain Your Data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Protection of Information
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. Darcor applies security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, such as retaining information in secure facilities and making personal information accessible only to authorized employees on a need-to-know basis.
Policy Change
If we alter our Privacy Policy, any changes will be posted on this page of our Site so that you are always informed of the information we collect about you, how we use it and the circumstances under which we may disclose it.
Your contact information
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at:
Darcor Limited
7 Staffordshire Place,
Toronto, ON CANADA
M8W 1T1
Tel: 416.255.8563
Toll Free: 1.800.387.7206
legal@darcor.com
Wheel technology that exceeds ergonomic mobility standards.
Have a Question?
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Enter Email
Confirm Email
Phone number:My question Is...*Sign Up!
Add me to Darcor's email list so that I can receive workplace ergonomics, caster technology and other updates.
What we do
Caster Selector
Casters by Industry
Workplace Ergonomics & Caster Technology
Caster Technology
Who we are
About Us
Our Blog
News & Events
Case Studies
Careers
Contact Us
Customer Service
Data Security
Terms & Conditions
Find a Distributor
Call us 1-800-387-7206
©2018 Copyright. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy.