http://www.kerrick.co.nz/privacy
×
Search
Search
Close
Privacy
To the full extent permissible at law, we disclaim all
responsibility for damages or losses, including, without limitation,
financial loss, loss of revenue, loss of profits or savings, indirect or
consequential losses arising in contract, tort (including negligence)
or otherwise from your use of, or inability to use, our site, or any
material on our site, or from any action or decision taken as a result
of using our site or any such material.
All prices listed on the website may change from time to time and should be used as a guideline only. Click here to contact us for a price quote from our sales department.
Privacy Policy
At Kerrick Industries we are 100 per cent committed to
protecting your security and privacy. Because we know how important your
privacy is, and how annoying junk mail is, we treat your imformation as
strictly confindential. Your e-mail address, home address or any other
details will never be passed to any third party.
The information we collect:
When you use our site, we receive and collect certain information.
The information that we receive and collect depends on what you do when
you visit www.kerrick.com.au.
Automatically Collected Information
Some
information is automatically received and sometimes collected from you
when you visit the Kerrick Industries website. We receive and collect
the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the
Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the
browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time
you access our site; and the Internet address of the web site from which
you linked directly to our site. We use this information to monitor the
usage of our web site via normal server log files.
Information You Actively Submit to Kerrick Industries
For most of the browsing services we provide, we neither require nor
collect "Personal Customer Information". You can browse the Kerrick
Industries site and take as much time as you want to review our products
and services without having to submit such Personal Customer
Information. When you contact us using the contact us form or by email, all information collected is for the use within Kerrick Industries only.
Linking to third-party web sites
When you click
on links and banners on our site that take you to third party web sites,
you will be subject to the third party's privacy policies. While we
support the protection of privacy on the Internet, Kerrick Industries
cannot be responsible for the actions of any third-party web sites.
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
About
Special Build
News
Events
Hints Tips and FAQs
Video Demos
Who we work with
Testimonials
We absolutely love the Yes Play 215 vacuum cleaners for a number of reasons;
They’re lightweight and portable, making it easy to transport them from one unit to the next, it’s easy to clean and maintain the machine, the vacuum cleaners are user friendly, they don’t get caught on furniture and bedding due to their low centre of gravity and design... Read More
By hanging the mesh from the roof and adding a sling to support the gun, we reduced user fatigue and increased factory efficiency. Kerrick completely revolutionized the washing process cutting the cleaning time from 5 hours to 15 minutes. This has saved money and helped increase production.
Find a branch
Find now »
Latest news
Read more »
Contact us
Enquire now »
Quick links
Vacuum Cleaners
Carpet Extractors
Roof and Gutter Vacuums
High Pressure Cleaners and Water Blasters
Drain and Sewer Cleaning
Chemicals & Oils
Hydro Excavation Tooling
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
Specialist Jetting & UHP
High Pressure Pumps
Accessories
Superseded
Join our mailing list
Name*Email Address*Captcha Text (do not fill)Captcha Time (do not fill)
Contact
How can we help you?