http://www.aboriginalhr.ca/en/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search form
Search
Subscribe to Mailing List
User MenuHome
Contact Us
My Cart
Log In
Indigenous Works
Main MenuAbout Us
Navigating Employment
Membership
Certification
Products & Services
Kocihta
Luminary
Privacy Policy
At Indigenous Works protecting your privacy is very important to us. We treat your personal information with the utmost respect and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy explains how personal information about you may be collected, used, or disclosed as a consequence of your activities on Indigenous Works Web site. We urge you to read it carefully.
By registering on this site, by submitting your resume or any information through the use of this site, or by otherwise accessing this site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the policies and practices described for the collection, use or disclosure of personal information.
1. Protection of Personal Information
Canadian law governs the collection, use and disclosure of personal information in a manner that recognizes individuals’ right of privacy with respect to their personal information.
The federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) sets out rules and principles for the management of personal information by commercial organizations. Our services are made available to aboriginal job seekers across Canada.
The type of personal information that is protected includes almost any information about an identifiable individual, such as your name, address, telephone number, and nationality
PIPEDA provides certain fundamental principles which apply to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. One of the most significant is that your personal information generally cannot be collected, used or disclosed without your consent.
We do not collect, use or disclose your personal information without your consent except where required or allowed by law.
2. What Information Do We Collect
We limit the collection of your personal information to that which is required or permitted by law. We collect such personal information as is required for the purposes identified by us in this Privacy Policy or identified by us at the time that we collect the information from you, specifically for Inclusion Works National Aboriginal Recruitment Fair.
We request certain information from you if you elect to register as a user of this site (“Registration Information”). Registration Information includes your full name, email address and postal code.
If you are a registered user of the site you may elect to post one or more resumes (“Resumes”) to the site for purposes solely for Inclusion Works. Your resume should contain additional information such as your experience, education, skills or any other information about yourself that you decide to provide.
The purposes for which we collect any information will always be as set out in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise expressly communicated to you before we collect the information.
3. Use of Information by Indigenous Works
Registration Information
Registration information is collected primarily for the purpose of identifying you as a user of this site, specifically for the purpose of events and workshops.
User Information for Applicants of the Inclusion Works National Aboriginal Recruitment Fair
If you are a registered user on this site and have provided us with registration Information, we may use your registration information and user information to allow us to select registered users to participate in Inclusion Works National Aboriginal Recruitment Fair, also allowing us to provide additional information to you, such as the Inclusion Network site.
Resumes for the Inclusion Works National Aboriginal Recruitment Fair
Resumes are accessed by Indigenous Works Inclusion Works National Aboriginal Recruitment Fair human resource professionals. You will be contacted by a representative via email notifying if you have been selected to participate in the fair.
We make every effort through contractual means and through the use of user IDs and passwords to restrict those who have access to our Resume database from using Resumes other than for the purpose of fulfilling a job posting for the Recruitment Fair. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will not gain access to the database. If at any time you would like your Resume removed from the Madgex site, you may do so by using the “delete resume” function located on the site.
In addition to the application of this site your resume if not selected shall be forwarded to our public Inclusion Network site allowing for employers to have access to search resumes for job opportunities.
Communication with Indigenous Works
If you contact us, we may keep a record of the correspondence but we do not make any use of the email address or other contact information, other than to respond to the communication.
Improper Use of Personal Information
Although we use all reasonable means to ensure that the information you provide to us is not used by third parties for purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy, we are not responsible for any improper use of your personal information that is beyond our reasonable control.
4. Retention of Information
You may choose to delete your resume from our records at any time. Certain Registration Information regarding your account with us will normally be retained such as your name, email address and postal code should you wish to post a resume or access our services subsequently.
All personal information destroyed or erased from our records is done so securely with due regard to the sensitivity of the information.
5. Your Consent
We do not collect, use or disclose your personal information without your consent except where required or permitted by law.
If you withdraw your consent to the disclosure of personal information that you have previously authorized us to share with others you hereby decline your participation in the Inclusion Works National Aboriginal Recruitment Fair.
6. Disclosure of Information
We will not sell, trade, rent or license personal information that you provide to us.
With the exception of credit card transactions, we never transfer any personal information to third parties for processing or storage.
7. Access and Accuracy and Update of Personal Information
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is as accurate, complete and up-to-date as is appropriate for its purposes and to minimize the possibility that inappropriate information may be used to make a decision about you
You may similarly contact us to address errors or omissions relating to your personal information by emailing the contact person identified.
We may require additional information from you in order to verify your identity following an access request. Such personal information will only be used for the purpose of identity verification and will itself be subject to protection under the terms of this Privacy Policy.
8. Safeguards
Where we consider it appropriate, having due regard to the sensitivity of the particular information that we collect, use or disclose, we use encryption or authentication tools, among other methods, practices and procedures, to protect your personal information irrespective of which format in which it is stored. Our practices and procedures for safeguarding your information are regularly reviewed.
E-mails you send to us are not necessarily secure when they are transmitted to us.
It is important that you keep your User ID and password information secure and that you not share it with anyone, in order to safeguard your personal information on our site.
There are occasionally fraudulent “phishing” emails targeting individuals who the perpetrators believe might be registered users of this site. We never send an email which requests users to visit a Web page or place a call and provide their user ID, password or any personal information. We will never ask you to confirm your user ID or password via email. If you ever receive such an email, do not log in from any referred link and do not provide any personal information. You should contact us at contact.us@indigenous.ca
9. Contact Us
Indigenous Works will make information about its policies and practices relating to management of personal information readily available. Please direct any questions about our privacy policies and procedures, any requests for access to our records of your personal information and any other privacy related concerns or complaints to contactus@indigenousworks.ca. All privacy related complaints will be acknowledged, recorded, investigated and responded to in accordance with applicable law.
You can contact us by e-mail at contact.us@indigenousworks.ca, or through our toll-free line at 1-866.711.5091.
Share this page
Secondary MenuOnline Job Board
Privacy Policy
Contact
© Indigenous Works