http://www.quidel.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Molecular Diagnostics
Immunoassays
DHI Cell Culture & Fluorescent Tests
Research
Customer Support
Careers
By Disease / Condition
Hospital Acquired Infection (HAI):
C. difficile
Respiratory:
Coronavirus
Adenovirus
Bordetella
Influenza
Metapneumovirus
Parainfluenza Virus
RSV
Strep
Lesion:
HSV
VZV
Women's Health:
Group B Strep
Trichomonas
Explore all our...
Helicase Dependent Amplification Assays
Real-time RT-PCR Assays
Instrumentation
Controls & Supplies
Browse by brand...
AmpliVue
Lyra
Solana
Serosep
By Disease / Condition
Autoimmune:
Inflammatory & Autoimmune
Bone Health:
Osteoporosis
Colorectal Cancer:
Fecal Occult Blood
Gastrointestinal:
Campylobacter
H. pylori
Lactoferrin
Eye Health
Acute Conjunctivitis
Dry Eye Disease
Respiratory:
Coronavirus
Influenza
Legionella
Mononucleosis
RSV
S. pneumoniae
Strep
STD/Women’s Health:
Chlamydia
Pregnancy (hCG)
Vector-borne Illness
Lyme
Explore all our...
Fluorescent Immunoassays (FIA)
Rapid Visual Tests
ELISA Immunoassays (EIA)
Instrumentation
Controls & Supplies
Specialty Products
Browse by brand...
MicroVue
QuickVue
Sofia
Virena
InflammaDry
Triage
By Disease / Condition
Respiratory Family Testing:
Adenovirus
Influenza
Metapneumovirus
Parainfluenza
RSV
Herpes Family Testing:
Cytomegalovirus (CMV)
Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV)
Varicella-zoster Virus
C. difficile Testing
C. difficile
Chlamydia Testing:
Chlamydia
Enterovirus Testing:
Enterovirus
Thyroid Testing:
Grave’s Disease
Explore all our...
Cell Culture
Fluorescent Antibody Kits & Reagents
Bioassays
Media & Culture Solutions
Collection & Transport
Controls & Supplies
Browse by brand...
D³
ELVIS
FreshCells
ReadyCells
Thyretain
Copan
CustomCells
By Disease / Condition
Cancer
Inflammatory & Autoimmune
Osteoporosis
Metabolic Syndrome:
Diabetes
Explore all our...
Bone Health Reagents
Complement Depleted Sera
Complement Proteins
Complement Reagents
ELISA (EIA) Kits
Monoclonal Antibodies
Polyclonal Antisera
Specialty Products
Browse by brand...
MicroVue
Immutopics
BioPorto
Pathway
TECOmedical
CustomCells
Customer Service
Technical Support
MyQuidel
COVID-19 Solutions
COVID-19 Requests
Request Information
International Support
Package Inserts
HHS Nursing Homes
Webinars
Certificates
Symbols Glossary
Terms & Conditions
Diversity and Inclusion
Benefits
Job Opportunities
Recruiters/Temp Agencies
Employee Data Privacy
You are hereHome » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Quidel Corporation Privacy Policy
The following Privacy Policy (this "Policy") of Quidel Corporation ("Quidel" or "we") is applicable to all of the information collected by Quidel during your use of this website (this "Site"). Please read this information carefully before accessing any part of this Site.
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Quidel recognizes and respects the privacy of users of this Site. To better protect your privacy, we are providing this Policy to explain our on-line information practices and the way that we may collect and use information obtained from you. Quidel may update this Policy from time to time without notice to you. You may review the current version of this Policy by accessing it from the Terms & Conditions of Use (“Terms and Conditions”) link at the bottom of every page on this Site.
The Information We Collect
General
Generally, Quidel may gather information about visitors to this Site when it aggregates information gathered by tracking the usage of certain features available on this Site. The collection of this information enables Quidel to tailor the Site's content to your needs and helps us to keep you informed of information that you may find of interest.
Specifically, Quidel may gather personally-identifiable information about visitors to this Site when you enter personally-identifiable information. We may also request information about your communications needs and preferences. We may collect personally-identifiable information such as: Your name, mailing address, telephone and/or facsimile number, e-mail address and other similar information. When you choose to provide us with personally-identifiable information, Quidel will act in a responsible manner. Quidel will maintain your personally-identifiable information in secure on-line and off-line facilities. The collection of this personally-identifiable information enables Quidel to send individuals information about Quidel.
Finally, Quidel may store and disclose personally-identifiable information as allowed or required by applicable law. We may make disclosures that are necessary or advisable to protect the rights, safety or property of Quidel or others, to conform to legal or regulatory requirements or to investigate or prevent violations of our Terms and Conditions. Except as set forth above, Quidel will not disclose, sell, lease or rent your personally-identifiable information.
Automatic Information
We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit our Sites. For example, we collect session data, including your IP address, Web browser software, and referring Site. We also may collect information about your online activity, such as content viewed and pages visited. We collect this automatic information to help us understand the interests of our customers and visitors and customize your user experience, among other things.
Use of Cookies and Other Web Technologies
Cookies are small data text files that, if your Web browser permits, can be stored on your computer’s hard drive. The Help portion of the toolbar on most Web browsers will tell you how to prevent your Web browser from accepting new cookies, have the Web browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or disable most cookies. You may still use this Site even if you reject the cookie. However, you may not be able to access some tools and features offered on our Site if you refuse to accept cookies.
Cookies may be used by some of the Sites to which we link. Therefore, please review the Links section of this Policy below. In addition, we may use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to analyze trends, administer this Site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order to improve this Site.
We may use cookies on this Site to provide better navigation for you, as well as:
To help us recognize your Web browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences set while your Web browser visited our Site.
To help us customize the content provided to you on our Site(s). For example, when you access a web page, a cookie automatically recognizes your Web browser as you navigate on the Internet and presents you with information based on your apparent interests.
To help measure and research the effectiveness of the features, offerings, and e-mail communications (by determining which e-mails you open and act upon) of our Site.
Quidel may use cookies on this Site to provide better navigation for you on this Site. Additionally, you may still use this Site even if you reject the cookie. Cookies, however, may be used by some of the Sites to which we link. Therefore, please review the Links section of this Policy below. In addition, we may use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to analyze trends, administer this Site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order to improve this Site. We will not link any IP addresses that we may collect to any personally-identifiable information.
Use of Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
We have also implemented and use the Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting feature of Google Analytics’ Display Advertising. Information collected through Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting includes age, gender, interests, and in-market categories. This information is used alongside Google Analytics to better understand how we can provide, maintain, and improve our services and products, as well as to improve our marketing campaigns and Site content. We do not use this information for Remarketing or advertising purposes.
Although we do not use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting feature to show ads on our Site, visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network ads by visiting https://www.google.com/settings/ads. Opting out of Google Analytics’ Display Advertising will disable the collection of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting information.
We will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally-identifiable information previously collected from Display Advertising features that is based on the DoubleClick cookie unless we have robust notice of, and the user’s prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to, that merger.
We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform and optimize our Site based on someone’s past visits to our Site(s).  You also can opt-out of Google Analytics by using Google Analytics’ Opt-out Browser Add-on, which can be found at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, Quidel does not intend to or knowingly collect or maintain personally-identifiable information from children under 13.
Correcting or Retrieving Your Information
If your personally-identifiable information changes, or if you no longer want Quidel to maintain your information, this can be accomplished by sending us an e-mail at privacy&security@quidel.com, or by sending your request to:
Privacy&Security Officers
Quidel Corporation
12544 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200
San Diego, California 92130
Quidel will send a confirming e-mail to your last known e-mail address of the changes or deletion of your personally-identifiable information.
Links
On this Site, you may have the opportunity to follow a link from or to other Sites maintained by third parties. Because these other Sites may not be hosted or controlled by Quidel, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those Sites. The privacy policies of other Sites may differ from Quidel, and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of the Sites to which we may link. This Policy only applies to information collected and maintained by Quidel, its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our Site, please contact us at privacy&security@quidel.com.
How To Buy
Online Order Request
OR - Contact Your Local Distributor
Evaluate a Kit
Accept
By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. For more details please see our Privacy and Cookie Notice.