http://www.cross-check.com/terms-of-use
+1 (707) 665-2100 | Contact Us | Blog | Careers
About CrossCheck
Why CrossCheck?
Why Check Conversion?
Frequently Asked Questions
News & Press Releases
Upcoming Events
Industry Affiliations
Auto Dealers
Automotive Repair
Building Materials
Home Furnishings
Payments Industry
Medical & Additional
Client Testimonials
Auto Dealers
Auto Repair
Home Furnishings
Customer Service
Blog & Content
Products & Services
Check Guarantee
Check Verification
Electronic Check Processing
Remote Deposit Capture Plus
Remote Deposit Capture Calculator
Medical RDC
C.A.R.S. Auto Program
Plus Sales
Premium Services
Multiple Check
Stop Payment
COD
CrossCheck Conversion Plus
Check Processing Plus Recovery
Industry Programs
Automotive Sales
Automotive Repair
Building Supply
Home Furnishings
Specialty Retail
Medical, Dental & Veterinarian
ISO / Agent Program
ISO Opportunities
Affiliate Program
CrossCheck ISO Archive
CrossCheck ISO Archive - Authorization Cards
CrossCheck ISO Archive - Equipment Cards
CrossCheck ISO Archive - Equipment Matrix
CrossCheck ISO Archive - Presentations
CrossCheck ISO Archive - CARS YouTube Demo
CrossCheck ISO Archive - Sales Manuals
CrossCheck ISO Archive - Sales Sheets
CrossCheck ISO Archive - Service Agreements
CrossCheck ISO Archive - Demos & Documentation
Careers
Current Openings
Company Culture
Benefits
Consumers - Check Writers - Privacy
Annual File Report / Check Declines
Check Forgery / Identity Theft
Privacy Policy
Blog & Content
Blog
Check Processing Guides
Check Processing Webinars
Check Processing White Papers
Payments Glossary
Payments Glossary I-O
Payments Glossary P-Z
Contact Us
Merchant Feedback
Consumer Feedback
Free Consultation
Terms of Use
Updated 3/1/19
Introduction
Thank you for visiting www.cross-check.com (”Website”). Your use of this Website and the information presented here is subject to the following terms and conditions, including terms of use (collectively, “Terms”). By accessing, viewing, or using the content, material, or services available on or through this Website, you indicate that you have read, understand, and agree to be legally bound by these Terms and by CrossCheck, Inc.’s (“CrossCheck,” “Company,” “we,” “our” or “us”) Privacy Policy.
Modification
CrossCheck reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time and without notice. Modifications shall be effective when they are posted on the Website. You will be notified as soon as possible when any changes are made which materially affect your rights, such as changes regarding how your information is maintained or used. It is your responsibility to review these Terms including the Privacy Policy from time to time in order to be aware of such changes. Your continued use of the Website after such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms.
Warranty
We do not warrant the completeness, timeliness or accuracy of any of the information available at this Website. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the information is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement. If you rely on information presented on this Website, you do so at your own risk.
Disclaimer
In no event will we be liable to you or anyone else for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or other damages on account of your use of or reliance on the information found at this Website, or on any other linked website, including, without limitation, lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data, even if we are expressly advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any information, services, or material offered by or through this Website shall not be construed as or understood to be financial, investment, legal, tax or accounting advice and should not be relied upon as such.
Confidentiality
Any comments, suggestions or materials you send us will be deemed to be non-confidential. Other than complying with the terms of our privacy statement, we have no obligation of any kind with respect to your comments, suggestions or materials and they may be used without limitation, including developing and marketing products that incorporating such comments, suggestions or materials.
Links
This Website may contain links to other websites. CrossCheck is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. CrossCheck encourages users to be aware that they are leaving the CrossCheck website and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiable information. You should be aware that these websites may implant cookies or other file types on your personal computer and in addition may gather personal data from you and/or may seek personal information from you as well.
Consent to Contact
By using this Website or providing us with your personal contact information such as address, telephone number, mobile telephone number or email address, you expressly consent to CrossCheck and/or its servicers, assigns, and third party representatives contacting you by such methods to include verbal, written and/or electronic means, and at any telephone number associated with you, including wireless telephone numbers, where methods of contact may include manual calling, using prerecorded or artificial voice messages, automatic telephone dialing systems, and text. You agree that your consent is not revoked in the event your telephone number is ported to a wireless or residential line, or vice versa. You expressly consent to contact by email at any email address provided by you.
Intellectual Property Rights
The CrossCheck name, logo and related trademarks and service marks, owned by CrossCheck, Inc., are registered and/or used in the United States. All other trademarks, service marks and trade names referenced on this Website are the property of their respective owners. Use of the CrossCheck name or any of our trademarks or other materials without our prior written consent is strictly prohibited.
Proprietary Information
Permission is granted to download and print materials from this Website only for the purpose of viewing, reading, and retaining for reference the materials for personal, non-commercial purposes. Any other copying, distribution, use or modification of or preparation of derivative works based upon, or any framing, capturing, harvesting, or collection of, or creating of hypertext or other links or connections to, this Website or any materials on this Website, whether in electronic or hard copy form, without the express prior written permission of CrossCheck is strictly prohibited. Removing or altering any copyright notice or any other proprietary notice on any Website materials is strictly prohibited.
Venue
These Terms and the materials contained in this Website shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the choice or conflict of laws of any jurisdiction, and shall have exclusive jurisdiction and venue over all controversies related to these Terms and the materials contained herein. You hereby expressly consent to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction and venue in the courts of Sonoma County, California. You further agree to waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any action arising out of or related to these Terms.
Contact Information
If you have questions or comments about our privacy and terms of use policies, please visit the Contact Us page.
Follow Us
About CrossCheck
|
Products & Services
|
Industry Programs
|
ISO/Resellers
|
Careers
|
Consumers/Check Writers/Privacy |
Contact Us
|
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy |
Site Map
© 2020 CrossCheck, Inc. All Rights Reserved.