https://www.xencor.com/privacy-policy/
Xencor Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated: September 22, 2020
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Xencor, Inc. (“Xencor,” “we,” “our,” “us”) collects, uses, and discloses certain personal information obtained through our website (“Site”), which is located at www.xencor.com. By visiting our Site and/or using the features made available to you on the Site, you are agreeing to the terms of this Policy.
This Policy applies only to information collected through the Site and therefore does not apply to data we collect in other contexts.
Table of Contents
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
How We Use Your Information
To Whom We Disclose Your Information
How We Secure Your Information
How We Retain Your Information
Information Regarding Children
Jurisdiction Specific Rights
International Users
External Links
Updates to this Privacy Policy
Questions and Contact Us
1. Information We Collect and How We Collect It
1.1 Information You Provide Us
When you visit the Site, you can choose to submit information that identifies, describes, or is reasonably capable of being associated with you (“Personal Information”). By using certain features on the Site, you may be required to provide Personal Information. Such information might include, for example, your name, email address, phone number., or other Personal Information. We may also collect “comments” or “message” that you submit through our contact forms.
1.2 Information We Automatically Collect
Cookies.  Our website uses cookies, tags, pixels, web beacons, and similar tracking technologies (“Cookies”) to provide, customize, evaluate, improve, and secure our website and services.
A Cookie is a small piece of text that is placed on your website browser when you visit a website. These include our own first-party Cookies as well as third-party Cookies of our service providers and marketing partners. Some Cookies are only stored temporarily and destroyed each time you close your web browser. Our website also uses persistent Cookies, which do not delete when you close your browser and may collect and store data for a set period of time after you’ve left our website. You can find out more about Cookies in general and how they work at Cookiepedia.
How We Use Cookies.  We use Cookies for the following purposes:
Website Operation.   Cookies help us run our website securely and enable basic functions like page navigation.
Performance and Analytics.  Cookies help us analyze how you interact with our website. This enables us to monitor and improve our website performance, services, and your experience.
Advertisements.  Cookies allow us to deliver advertisements that are meaningful to you. Our third party advertising partners may use the Cookies to build a profile of your interests, deliver relevant advertising on other sites, and measure the efficiency of the advertisements. For instance, we use Google Analytics to analyze Site traffic and to improve our advertising efforts. To disable Google Analytics, please download the Google Analytics Opt-out browser add-on. You also have the option to opt out of Google’s use of cookies by changing your settings via Google’s advertising opt-out page.
How to Manage Cookies.  If you wish to prevent Cookies from tracking your activity on our website or visits across multiple websites, you can set your browser to block certain Cookies or notify you when a Cookie is set. If you block Cookies, certain features on our website may not work. For more information on how you can customize your browser’s Cookie setting please visit the link to your web browser below:
Google Chrome
Safari
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
You may opt-out of interest-based advertising in general by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s or Network Advertising Initiative’s websites. You can also turn off ad personalization from Google. We are not responsible for the completeness, effectiveness, or accuracy of any third party opt-out options or programs.
Web log data.  When you use the Site, we automatically receive and record certain information from your computer (or other device) and your browser. This may include such data as your IP address and domain name, the pages you visit on the Site, the date and time of your visit, the files that you download, the URLs from the websites you visit before and after navigating to the Site, your software and hardware attributes (including device IDs), your general geographic location (e.g., your city, state, or metropolitan region), and certain cookie information (see above). To obtain such information, we may use web logs or applications that recognize your computer and gather information about its online activity.
2. How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect through the Site for a variety of purposes. These purposes include:
Responding to your questions or requests concerning the Site or our business;
Fulfilling your requests for information that you initiate;
Sending you information about our business and other topics that are likely to be of interest to you, including newsletters, updates, or other communications;
Improving your user experience;
Complying with legal and/or regulatory requirements;
Advertising Xencor on third-party websites and applications;
As required or permitted by law;
As we, in our sole discretion, otherwise determine to be necessary; or
To manage our business.
In addition to the purposes above, we use the information that we collect automatically through the Site for such purposes as:
Counting and recognizing visitors to the Site;
Analyzing how visitors use the Site and various Site features;
Improving the Site and enhancing users’ experiences with the Site;
Enabling additional website analytics and research concerning the Site; and
Managing our business.
Xencor may link information gathered through the Site with information that we collect in other contexts. But in that event, we will handle the combined information in a manner consistent with this Policy.
3. To Whom We Disclose Your Information
We share your information with other parties for a variety of purposes, as described below.
Analytics.  We partner with certain third parties to obtain the automatically collected information discussed above and to engage in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting. These third parties may use web logs or web beacons, and they may set and access cookies on your computer or other device. In particular, the Site uses Google Analytics to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed above. You may opt out of the use of cookies by Google Analytics here.
Your web browser may allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services. There is no consensus as to what these “Do Not Track” signals mean, or how to respond to them. Our Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals. For more information about “Do Not Track,” please visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
Third-party service providers.  Xencor uses third-party service providers that perform services on our behalf, including web-hosting companies, cloud services providers, mailing vendors, and analytics providers. These service providers may collect and/or use your information, including information that identifies you personally, to assist us in achieving the purposes discussed above.
We may share your information with other third parties when necessary to fulfill your requests for information; to process your application for employment; or to manage our business.
Legal purposes.  We also may use or share your information with third parties when we believe, in our sole discretion, that doing so is necessary:
To comply with applicable law or a court order, subpoena, or other legal process;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our terms and conditions, or situations involving threats to our property or the property or physical safety of any person or third party;
To establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; or
To facilitate the financing, securitization, insuring, sale, assignment, bankruptcy, or other disposal of all or part of our business or assets.
Aggregated information.  From time to time, Xencor may also share aggregated information about Site users. Such aggregated information will not identify you personally.
Choice.  You may opt out of receiving investor alert emails from us by following the instructions in those emails; by unsubscribing at https://investors.xencor.com/unsubscribe; or by emailing us at privacy@xencor.com.
4. How We Secure Your Information
We employ appropriate and reasonable security measures as required by relevant law to safeguard the personal information we collect online. However, no website is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to the Site or to us, and you transmit such information at your own risk. We recommend that you help us keep your information safe by taking reasonable steps, such as not disclosing sensitive personal information in places that can be accessed publicly.
5. How We Retain Your Information
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Xencor will retain your personal information only for as long as the company believes it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including for the purpose of meeting any legal, accounting, or other reporting requirements or obligations.
6. Information Regarding Children
Content on this Site is directed at individuals over the age of 18 and is not directed at children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If we become aware that we have collected information from a child under 16 years old, we will delete such information from our records. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe your child has given us information and you did not provide consent, please call us at or email us at privacy@xencor.com for assistance.
7. Jurisdiction Specific Rights
7.1 Users in California
If you are a resident of California, you may have additional rights. For a full discussion on such rights, please visit our page, Your California Privacy Rights.
7.2 Users in the EU
We process the personal data of individuals in the European Union (EU), in either the role of ‘data controller’ or ‘data processor’, and we have appointed DPR Group as our Data Protection Representative in the EU for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), EU 2016/679, so that you can contact us directly in your home country.
If you are located in the EU, you also have specific rights over your Personal Information. If you are located in the EU, you should view this summary document with instructions on how to contact Xencor through DPR Group to exercise your rights, which are set out below.
The Right to Access.  You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The Right to Rectification.  You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request we complete information you believe is incomplete.
The Right to Erasure.  Under certain conditions, you have the right to request that your personal data be erased.
The Right to Restrict Processing.  Under certain conditions, you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data.
The Right to Object to Processing.  Under certain conditions, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data.
The Right to Data Portability.  Under certain conditions, you have the right to request we transfer the Personal Information that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you.
How to Exercise these Rights.  To make a request to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at the information below. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. We may require you to verify your identity before we may respond to you. Although we urge you to contact us to find a solution for every concern you may have, you always have the right to lodge a complaint with your data supervisory authority.
You may contact us at:
privacy@xencor.com
Xencor, Inc., Attn: Legal Department – Privacy, 111 W. Lemon Ave., Monrovia, CA 91016
Transfers to Countries Outside the EU.  Xencor is based in California. This means that we must transfer End Users’ Personal Information to the United States for processing. The Commission has not determined that the laws of the United States provide an adequate level of protection over personal data. However, we are committed by contract and in principle to upholding data privacy.
8. International Users
The information that we collect through or in connection with the Site is transferred to and processed in the United States for the purposes described above. Xencor also may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with, affiliates or third parties in the United States or countries other than your country of residence. The data protection laws in these countries may be different from, and less stringent than, those in your country of residence. By using the Site or by providing any personal or other information to us, you expressly consent to such transfer and processing.
9. External Links
This Site may contain links to third–party websites. If you use these links, you will leave the Site. We have not reviewed these third–party sites and do not control and are not responsible for any of these sites, their content, or their privacy policy. Thus, we do not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software, or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third–party sites listed on our website, you do so at your own risk.
10. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may make changes to the Site in the future and as a consequence will need to revise this Policy to reflect those changes. We will post all such changes on the Site, so you should review this page periodically. If we make a material change to the Policy, we will provide you with appropriate notice.
11. Questions and Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, you can contact us at privacy@xencor.com or Xencor, Inc., Attn: Legal Department – Privacy, 111 W. Lemon Ave., Monrovia, CA 91016.
Scroll to top
We’ve updated our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our updated policy. To learn more about how we collect and use personal information, including through the use of cookies, please read our
Privacy Policy here.