http://www.springdaletractor.com/utility/privacy-policy
Your web browser is out of date. Please download one of these free, up-to-date browsers for the best experience on our site
No Thanks
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Springdale Tractor/Kubota Center will not share or sell your email address or any information you submit to us. All information provided is for the sole use of Springdale Tractor/Kubota Center. Our company respects the confidential nature of your personal information. You have authorized Springdale Tractor/Kubota Center to contact you to learn more about the company and its products. This site is not hosted on a secure server; therefore, please do not send Social Security numbers, credit card numbers, bank account numbers or any other private data. What We CollectWe may collect the following information:name and job titlecontact information including email addressdemographic information such as postcode, preferences, and interestsother information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers What We Do With The Information We GatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keepingWe may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests. This website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest; However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites. Such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.