http://www.midlandpaper.com/privacy/
Midland Paper, Packaging + Supplies Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 06/24/2016
This Privacy Policy applies to the sites where it appears.
This Privacy Policy describes how we treat personal information on the sites where it is located. This includes mobile sites. By interacting with us, you consent to these practices.
We collect information from and about you.
We collect contact information. For example, we might collect your name and email address. We may also collect your phone number and home address.
We collect account information. For example, we may collect your username and password if you create an account on our site.
We collect employment information. We may collect the name and address of your employer. We may also collect information about your employment history. We may collect this information if you apply for a job.
We collect payment information. For example, our third party vendors may collect your credit card number and your billing information. They may collect this information if you make a purchase.
We collect demographic information. For example, we may collect your gender.
We collect other information. If you use our site, we may collect information about the browser you’re using. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. We collect this information using tracking tools.
We collect information in different ways.
We collect information directly from you. We may collect information if you sign up for our newsletter or contact us. We may also collect information if you apply for a job or place an order.
We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons to collect information from you. We collect information about users over time when you use this site. We may have third parties collect personal information this way.
We get information about you from third parties. For example, our business partners may give us information about you.
We combine information. For example, we may combine information that we have collected offline with information we collect online.
We use information as disclosed and described here.
We use information to respond to your requests or questions. For example, we might use your information to respond to your customer feedback. We may also use information to fulfill your order.
We use information to improve our services. We may use your information to make our site and services better. We might use your information to customize your experience with us.
We use information for security purposes. We may use your information to protect our company and our customers. We also use information to protect our sites.
We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might provide you with information about new products. We might tell you about new features or updates. These might be third party offers or products we think you might find interesting. If you sign up, we’ll enroll you in our email newsletter.
We use information to communicate with you. For example, we will communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may contact you about your feedback. We might also contact you about this Policy or our site Terms. We use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you.
We may share information with third parties.
We will share information within the Midland family of companies.
We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who send emails for us. We also share information with companies that help us operate our sites. You can contact us if you want to learn more about how our service providers use your information.
We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. We might share information if we are investigating potential fraud.
We may share information with a successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold, we may include customer information as part of that transaction.
We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you.
You have certain choices about how we use your information.
You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us. Even if you opt out of getting our marketing messages, we will still send you transactional messages. These include responses to your questions.
You can control cookies and tracking tools. Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies or other tracking tools. How you do so depends on the type of tool. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. To control flash cookies, which we may use on certain sites from time to time, you can go here. Why? Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings.
Our Do Not Track Policy: Some browsers have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. If you block cookies, certain features on our sites may not work. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop.
Options you select are browser and device specific.
These sites are not intended for children.
Our sites are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can contact us at privacy@midlandpaper.com. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children’s privacy on-line here.
We use standard security measures.
The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.
We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.
We may link to third party sites or services we don’t control.
If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control. This Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that site. Read the privacy policy of other sites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.
Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.
If you have any questions about this Policy or want to correct or update your information, please email us at privacy@midlandpaper.com.
You can also write to us or call at:
Privacy Questions
Midland Paper, Packaging + Supplies
101 E Palatine Rd Wheeling, IL 60090
800-253-7477
We may update this Privacy Policy.
From time to time we may change our Privacy Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our site. Please check our site periodically for updates.
© 2020 Midland Paper, Packaging + Supplies. All rights reserved.
Copyright 2020 - All Rights Reserved
About Us
History
Locations
Logistics
Events
Paper Clips Industry News
Commercial Printing Papers
Web Printing
Sheetfed Papers
Printing & Imaging Papers
Packaging
Packaging Supplies
Equipment
Facility Supplies
Maintenance
COVID-19 PROTECTION SUPPLIES
Custom Back to Work Kits
Publication Papers
Services
Industries Served
Specialty Paper & Film
Digital Papers
Offset
Sustainability
Environmental
Print Advocacy
Contact Us
Careers
Back To Top
×Close search
Search
Search
Submit