http://www.krka.si/en/about-krka/company-presentation/legal-notices/
Choose countrySloveniaGlobal - EnglishAustriaBelarusBelgiumBosnia and HerzegovinaBulgariaCroatiaCzech RepublicEstoniaFinlandFranceGermanyHungaryIrelandItalyLatviaLithuaniaNorth MacedoniaPolandPortugalRomaniaRussian FederationSerbiaSlovakiaSpainSwedenUnited KingdomUkraine
Contact us
For employees
For partners
For professional public
Log inFor professional public
Search
Home
Pharmaceuticals and other products
For investors
Employment in Krka
Media centre
About Krka
About Krka
Coronavirus
Company presentation
Mission, vision, values
Company ID card
Generic pharmaceuticals
Lines of business
Markets
Research and development
Quality
Investment
Strategies
History
Publications
Who's who in Krka
Integrity and compliance
Social responsibility
Contact us
Krka business network
Krka websites
Legal notices
This website is owned and provided by:
KRKA, tovarna zdravil, d.d., Novo mestoämarjeöka cesta 68501 Novo mestoSlovenia
Present website pages are designed to provide general information about Krka, its products and services.
Terms of Use
If you open or browse through any page of Krkaís website, you accept all the limitations and terms of use stated below. Please do not use this website if you do not agree to all terms of use. We advise you to visit our website occasionally and read Terms of Use and Privacy Policy in force as they are legally binding.
Krka manages, supervises and updates Krkaís website in Novo mesto, Slovenia. Present web pages are intended for international use. Krka does not warrant that the data published on the web pages are valid worldwide, that all the products and services are available in every country or in every form, packaging and under equal terms. When accessing and browsing present web pages, the users must comply with the legal provisions in force in their country.
The information and data available on Krkaís web pages are only for informational purposes and do not provide the grounds for legally binding relationships or establishment of any such relationships, unless explicitly indicated otherwise (e.g. release of official offers, promotional materials, etc.).
The information about Krka, its products, services and securities presented on Krkaís web pages shall not be understood as an offer of products, services, or securities. The information about the products and/or active substances presented on Krkaís web pages is general information about Krkaís overall product range only. Please note that this information may not be considered as an offer, unless explicitly indicated otherwise.
The indication of the product and/or active substance on Krkaís web pages shall not mean that Krka has actually placed the indicated product and/or active substance on the market, or offered it in the country of interest to the web page visitor, or in the country where the website visitor entered the page. Please check with Krka, its subsidiaries, or representative offices abroad if Krka actually markets and offers for sale in your country the product or active substance you are interested in.
Disclaimer of liability
In order to ensure accurate information and up-to-date data on its pages, Krka has designed its web pages with due diligence, and intends to continue to do so. Krka, however, does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information. Krka also reserves the right to alter at any time and in any way the contents of present web pages regardless of the reason and without prior notification. Page users use the released data exclusively at their own risk. Krka and any other legal or natural person that has cooperated in the design and production of present web pages expressly waives any responsibility and liability for any damages whatsoever that may arise or be related to the access, use, or inability to use the information from present web pages and/or for any errors or deficiencies in their contents.
The information provided on Krka's website does not in any way aim to give professional medical advice or instructions for the treatment of any disease with Krka's products. Please consult a doctor or pharmacist before using any Krkaís product.
It may happen that any user of Krkaís web pages will respond by posting various pieces information. Krka waives all responsibility in this regard. Please note that such information is not confidential and does not fall under copyright protection. Krka reserves the right to use any such information freely, disseminate and disclose it to any other party without limitations, and to use it without quoting the source. Krka reserves the right to use also (but not only) the ideas, concepts, knowledge, experience and techniques, which are the subject matter of any such information or the information may comprise. Krka may use such information at its own discretion for any selected purpose.
Links to other websites
Present website pages also contain information from third persons and links to the websites of third persons. Should we deem this suitable, we may mark them appropriately. Krka is not familiar with website page contents of third parties, and shall therefore not undertake any responsibility for their information.
Intellectual property rights
All the information and images presented on Krkaís web pages are, within the legally permitted framework, subject to protection of copyright and other intellectual property rights. The documents published on present website pages may only be reproduced for non-commercial and personal purposes, and all the above-mentioned notices concerning the protection of copyright or other intellectual property rights must be respected. The information contained on present website pages must not be copied, displayed, downloaded, modified, reproduced or in any other way distributed for commercial purposes without the express written consent of Krka. The brand names and trademarks which appear on these pages are the registered trademarks of Krka, or Krka has the right to use.
Privacy policy
Compliance with applicable legislation†In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and other applicable legislation on personal data protection, Krka protects with special care information obtained from its website users and their personal data. Please read more below about our collecting, saving, using and disseminating personal data.
What type of personal data do we collect on our website?†You may use our website without entering your personal data. You are only asked to submit your personal data if you order any of our products or services.
We only collect personal data when you send them to us either by subscribing to our newsletter, accessing content on our website or participating in our competitions. We also collect your personal data when you fill out our†Report of adverse events†form or book one of our hotels, order our products or services via e-mail or send us an inquiry about your order, or in similar situations, when you decide to send your personal data to us.
In addition to personal data you send us, we also collect information with cookies. Such information may include websites you visited our website from, websites you visit from our website, and the length of your visit on our website. We immediately anonymise the last three digits of your IP address, thus efficiently preventing your identification based on this information. We could use these information to identify you, but this is not what we do.
For which purposes do we process data you submit through our website?†The data you send to us, or which we collect with cookies, may be processed for the following purposes: statistical purposes and for identifying demographics and interests of website users, but only so that you cannot be identified; diagnosing problems with our server and administering our website; providing you with products or services you have ordered through our website; or for other purposes you have requested or agreed to, unless otherwise required by law.
Do we transfer your personal data to other companies?†Only the company in charge of Krka's website has access to your personal data. Krka has concluded a personal data processing contract with this company, and we guarantee that it complies with all personal data protection regulations.
Where do we store personal data you submit through our website?†Your personal data is stored on our servers that we manage ourselves. Our business partners, who in some cases store personal data for us, ensure a level of protection that is at least equivalent to the one we have at Krka. Your personal data shall not, in any form, be conveyed to third parties, except to the company in charge of Krka's website, or if so required by legal authorities.
Professional public†Some parts of this website may contain information which, in accordance with the applicable legislation, can only be accessed by doctors, pharmacists and veterinarians. Therefore we must collect contact details and some personal data of those doctors, pharmacists and veterinarians who want to access professional information about medicinal products. In this case, personal data are used as a guarantee that our website content is available in accordance with legislation on medicinal products. The accuracy of these data is the sole responsibility of data subjects. Contact details are used to contact the data subjects as and when necessary. We do not use personal data and contact details for any other purpose, nor do we transfer them to third parties.
Children†Krka's website is generally intended for adults. If at any time Krka prepares any website content for children and offers its products or services to them, it shall do so in accordance with the applicable legislation, and obtain appropriate parental consent or the consent of the holder of parental responsibility.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that stores on your computer when you first visit a website. The website issuing the cookie recognizes it when you visit that website again. The purpose of this technology is to improve our website and your user experience.
Some of the cookies we use are session cookies (expire when the browser is closed), and some are permanent cookies (remain stored in your device for a certain period of time after you leave our website). Session cookies are used for counting the number of visitors on our website, and permanent cookies are used for storing contact details for future visits of our websites (they remember your login details). We also use third-party cookies originating from other websites: these are YouTube cookies (they enable the playback of specific video content on our website), advertising cookies and Google Analytics cookies, which we use to find out how you move through our websites, which content interests you and how long your visit lasts. Based on these we can edit our website content and adapt it to the needs of our visitors.
We process data collected through cookies only for statistical purposes and for identifying demographics and interests of website users (but only using methods that prevent your identification), for diagnosing problems with our server, administering our website and to inform you about our products.
Most web browsers automatically allow cookies.†You can refuse the use of cookies at any time.†If you wish to refuse the use of cookies on your device, you can change your web browser settings. For more information on how to refuse cookies, see†www.aboutcookies.org. For more information about Google Analytics, see†https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Your rights
Instructions intended to help you exercise your rights are published on the†Rights of data subjects†page. You can request access to your personal data which we process, or to request their rectification or erasure, or to restrict their processing.
You can also unsubscribe from receiving promotional e-mails by clicking ÑUnsubscribeì in the foot of the e-mail.
Changes to the†Privacy policy, published on Krka's website
Krka reserves the right to change its†Privacy policy, published on its website. We recommend you return to our website and review it regularly. In case of any substantial changes to our†Privacy policy, a notice about such a change will be posted on our website.
Safety
Krka uses technical and organisational security precautions to protect your data from manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons, and is ISO 27001 certified. We are aware of the importance of security ñ it is by default integrated into all our systems and working processes involving personal data filing systems. Our work with filing systems includes the newest technological solutions and approaches that ensure the highest possible protection for personal data storage and processing (encryption, data access policy, data access records etc.). Our infrastructure ensures continuous protection of data against all threats, including viruses and other types of malicious code. We use threat detection systems and procedures which help us to better protect our services and ensure a high level of security.
Contacts
If you have any problems, questions or if you wish to access, rectify, block or erase your personal data, please contact us on†info@krka.biz.
The constant development of the internet requires occasional adjustments to our privacy statement. We retain the right to make changes when necessary.
Last updated in April 2018
© Krka, tovarna zdravil, d.d., Novo mesto
Coronavirus
Company presentation
Mission, vision, values
Company ID card
Generic pharmaceuticals
Lines of business
Markets
Research and development
Quality
Investment
Strategies
History
Publications
Who's who in Krka
Integrity and compliance
Social responsibility
Contact us
Krka business network
Krka websites
Krka, d. d., Novo mestoämarjeöka cesta 6 8501 Novo mesto Slovenia Video: How to get to Krka's HQ
Phone
+386 7 331 21 11
Fax
+386 7 332 15 37
E-mail
info@krka.biz
www.krka.biz
LinkedinYouTubeInstagramLegal notices | Personal data protection All rights reserved. Krka, tovarna zdravil, d. d., Novo mesto
Our website uses cookies. By using this website you agree to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies click here.