http://www.goldstockanalyst.net/privacy-policy.lasso
CLICK HERE TO LOGIN >
CONTACT US
PUBLISHER OF GSA-Pro, GSA-Top10 AND GSA-SILVER NEWSLETTERS
SUBSCRIBE NOW!
HOME
ABOUT GSA
History
Philosophy
Testimonials
Why Gold?
Common investor mistakes
Privacy Policy
ABOUT THE EDITORS
AUDITED RESULTS
NEWSLETTERS / RATES
Newsletter descriptions
Features and rates
Companies / Stocks Covered
GSA 30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee
Sample issues
GSA Newsletter User's Guide
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
Login to Access
Subscribe Now
Q&A
NEWS
INVESTOR DAY
2019 Investor Day & Press Coverage
2019 Investor Day Video Order
PRIVACY POLICY
Gold Stock Analyst Publishing Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. This policy explains how Gold Stock Analyst (GSA) treats Personal Information that GSA collects and receives, including Personal Information related to your use of GSA newsletters. This policy applies to all Personal Information collected or submitted on the GSA site. The term "Personal Information" means information about an individual that is personally identifiable and not publicly available, such as one's name, contact details and credit card information.
Collection of Personal Information
You may choose to provide us with Personal Information through this website. Such information, including your name, email address, zip code and other personal information, may be requested when you register with GSA, use GSA newsletters or visit the GSA website(s). To subscribe to GSA newsletters, you must provide additional Personal Information for billing purposes, including credit card or other billing and payment information.
If you choose not to provide requested Personal Information, you will not be able to register with GSA or subscribe to GSA newsletters. GSA is the sole owner of all Personal Information provided to it.
Use of Personal Information
GSA will not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information to any unrelated third party.
Opt Out
If you do not wish to receive offers or other communications from us, you can opt-out by emailing customer service at unsub@goldstockanalyst.com or by using the opt-out link that appears in our email correspondence.
Disclosures Required by Law and Investigations
We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information in order to comply with any subpoenas, court orders or other legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We reserve the right to use and disclose your Personal Information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, infringement of the intellectual property of GSA, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or violations of GSA's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
Security and Confidentiality of Personal Information
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of Personal Information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures which we regard as appropriate to safeguard and secure the Personal Information we collect online.
No Liability for Acts of Third Parties
Although we will use reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of the Personal Information you submit, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. GSA will have no liability for disclosure of information and data you submit to us due to errors in transmission, unauthorized acts of third parties or through the use of third party cookies, programs, routines, viruses or other devices on your computer.
Once you leave the GSA site, including by clicking on links on our site, you will be subject to the privacy policies of third party website operators and other companies which may differ significantly from this policy. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave the GSA site and to read the privacy policies of each website that collects information from or about you.
Children
In order to subscribe to GSA newsletters, you must be at least 18 years of age. No information may be submitted to us by persons under the age of 18 without the consent of a parent or legal guardian, nor may persons under the age of 18 undertake transactions or take other legal acts on this site without such consent, unless permitted by applicable law.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
GSA may update this policy from time to time. We reserve the right to notify you about changes in the way we treat Personal Information by sending a notice to one or more of the email addresses specified in your GSA account or by placing a notice on the GSA site in a manner and for a period of time that we determine in our sole discretion.
Revised on 11/30/2016
GSA-PRO
In the July 2019 issue...
of GSA-Pro we look
at the periods 2000, 2007 and 2019, contrast and compare these years of gold growth.
We provide in depth reports on Kirkland Lake, Lundin, Midas, New Gold, the Nevada JV:ABX+NEM, plus Mega-Oz Projects Northern Dynasty, Novagold, Pretium, and Seabridge.
Plus recent news of our Top 10 stocks and our regular data charts of
all GSA-Pro stocks.
Click to Download and Read
Page 1 (free)
Click here to read What's New in GSA-Pro
GSA Q&A
SUBSCRIBER QUESTION:
"Where can I find a glossary
of abbreviations used in
GSA newsletters?"
Click for answer
Home
About GSA
About the Editors
Audited Results
Newsletter/Rates
Subscriber Resources
Q&A
In the Media
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
GSA, GSA-Pro, GSA-Top10,
GSA-Silver, and Silver Stock Analyst are ©
2018 Gold Stock Analyst. All Rights Reserved. TLS1.2
Wildcard SSL