https://www.msimaging.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or social security number.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: ; To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs); To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs); To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their account settings or My Account page.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 06/10/2014Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. http://www.msphotoscan.com/contactus7050 South Yosemite StreetCentennial, Colorado 80112United States of Americashopping@msimaging.com866.771.3750
Mountain States Imaging 7050 South Yosemite Street
Centennial, CO 80112
www.msimaging.com
Contact Us
Testimonials
MSI is able to deploy a full complement of staff and technology on tough assignments and on short notice. MSI has performed well for us in difficult circumstances, on time and within budget.
David StrohmaierHistorical Research Associates, Inc.
When we began implementing our imaging platform we solicited three cost estimates for scanning of our historical documents.  Mountain States Imaging was the only vendor that came prepared to present their company services and conduct a thorough discovery process.  Their proposal was well itemized and all costs were identified plus they were the lowest bid.  During the conversion process anytime… Read more
Mike GordonLighthouse Financial
MSI consists of a team of dedicated, experienced and trustworthy people who continually strive to deliver top quality work on time and within budget.  Their interaction and commitment to the customer in both understanding the project requirements and managing issues is far and above many other vendors out there.  They continue to exceed our expectations and drive our projects forward.  They are… Read more
Eberl Claims Service
MSI was there to support us in every aspect we needed to win a $15.2 million dollar lawsuit in Denver Federal Court.  Every time we would need something done quickly and correctly the first time, we put MSI to the test and they met our challenges with positive attitudes and did not miss a single deadline.  Very knowledgeable staff and competitive pricing keep us returning to MSI for our litigati… Read more
Michael BlackmoreSantangelo Law Offices: The Idea Asset Group™
The MSI team has been instrumental over the past year and a half in the delivery of the high profile Camp Lejeune muster roll scanning and conversion of over 69MM microfiche/microfilm images at MCB Quantico totaling over $1MM worth of scanning and processing services.  MSI tracked and provided biweekly scanning updates and communicated well with the CH2M HILL PM and Navy and Marine Corps clients.… Read more
Kim HendersonProject ManagerCH2M
Laramie County Community College was very pleased with the services provided by Mountain States Imaging. Their work was done in a very professional and timely manner; the staff was courteous, capable and responsive to our needs in completing the project. Additionally, the project was completed on schedule and on budget, in fact, was actually done under budget as MSI actually went above and beyond … Read more
Jerry HarrisLaramie County Community College
SitemapHome
Conversion Services
eDiscovery Services
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Copyright Mountain States Imaging, LLC. 2016
Home
Conversion Services
eDiscovery Services
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Scroll