https://www.eigver.com/privacy/
Toggle navigation
Company profile
PRINCIPALS' and Suppliers' Area
CSR
Contacts
Regions
Global
Italy
Spain
Russia
Turkey
Other Countries
E&V GROUP
Life Sciences
Life Sciences
Animal Science
Animal Science
Cosmetics
Cosmetics
Detergents
Detergents
Ecology
Ecology
Food Ingredients
Food Ingredients
Pharmaceutical
Pharmaceutical
Synthesis
Synthesis
Polymers
Polymers
Adhesives
Adhesives
Plastic Additives
Plastic Additives
Polyurethanes
Polyurethanes
Rubber
Rubber
Industrial
Industrial
Building
Building
Industrial Auxiliaries
Industrial Auxiliaries
Leather
Leather
Paper
Paper
Surface Coatings
Surface Coatings
Textile
Textile
Our Brands
Our Brands
Production and Services
Production and Services
Analytical Laboratory
Analytical Laboratory
Services
Services
Toll Manufacturing
Toll Manufacturing
Privacy and cookies
INFORMATION REGARDING THE PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Pursuant to Art. 13 D of Regulation 2016/679
In compliance with the provisions of Art. 13 D of Regulation 2016/679, Eigenmann & Veronelli SpA, in its capacity as Data Controller of personal data, in the person of the legal representative pro-tempore, hereby provides information on the purposes and methods of processing any personal data collected, their scope of communication and dissemination, in addition to the nature of their provision.
1. PERSONAL DATA
Identification data (corporate or business name, or name and surname of natural persons, address, telephone number, email, fiscal data, etc).
2. PURPOSE
The collected data, object of the processing, shall be employed by Eigenmann & Veronelli SpA in full compliance with the principles of correctness and the provisions of law, for the proper provision of products and services to satisfy the corporate purpose.
Furthermore, they may be used for the collection and management of CVs sent spontaneously and to fulfil requests for information received via the contact form.
3. PROCEDURE
The processing of data is carried out using IT procedures or in any case electronic means or paper supports by specially appointed internal individuals. The data are stored in paper, computer and electronic archives and the minimum security measures provided for by the legislator are ensured.
4. COMMUNICATION AND DISSEMINATION
The data may be disclosed to third parties for the performance of activities functional to the company, such as maintenance and management of the site and more generally by all employees and those of third parties (service, infrastructure, IT and similar providers) who are involved in the management and supervision of the same and duly appointed as data processors. In this case, their use by third parties shall be in full compliance with the principle of fairness and lawfulness.
No extra-EU data processing is foreseen.
5. THE RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECT
The data subject may assert his rights as expressed in Art. 15, 16, 17 and 21 of Regulation 2016/679, by contacting the Data Controller Eigenmann & Veronelli S.P.A. or the privacy contact directly.
The data subject may obtain confirmation of the existence, or not, of personal data concerning him, even if not yet registered, and their communication in an intelligible form.
The data subject has the right to obtain the following data:
a)       the origin of personal data;
b)      the purposes and methods of processing;
c)       the logic applied in the case of processing carried with the aid of electronic instruments;
d)      the identification details of the Data Controller, the data processors and designated representative;
e)      the individuals or categories of individuals to whom such personal data may be communicated or who may learn about them as designated representative in the territory of the State, data processors or agents.
The data subject has the right to obtain:
a)       the updating, correction or, when interested, the integration of the data;
b)      the deletion, anonymisation or blocking of any data processed unlawfully, including data whose retention is unnecessary for the purposes for which the data were collected or subsequently processed;
c)       the attestation that the operations referred to in letters a) and b) have been brought to the attention, also with regard to their content, of those to whom the data have been communicated or disseminated, except in the case when this fulfilment proves impossible or involves the use of resources manifestly disproportionate to the protected right.
The data subject has the right to object, in whole or in part:
a)       for legitimate reasons, to the processing of personal data concerning him, even if pertinent to the purpose of their collection;
b)      to the processing of personal data concerning him for the purpose of sending advertising or direct sales material or for carrying out market research or commercial communication.
Should you wish to exercise the rights provided for by Art. 15, 16, 17 and 21 of Regulation 2016/679, please write to Eigenmann & Veronelli SpA at its registered office at: VIA DELLA MOSA, 6 - 20017 RHO (MI), for the attention of the privacy contact.
6. DATA CONTROLLER AND RESPONSIBLE PERSONS
The Data Controller is Eigenmann & Veronelli SpA, Via della Mosa, 6 – 20017 Rho (MI).
The privacy contact is Paolo Parmigiani.
The updated list of external processors may be consulted by submitting a written request to the Data Controller referred to above.
7. RETENTION TIMES
The data shall be retained for the time necessary to fulfil the purposes listed above in accordance with the law and in any case no longer than 5 years from the end of processing.
8. NATURE OF THE PROVISION AND CONSEQUENCES OF THE REFUSAL TO REPLY
The provision of your data, object of the processing, is optional. The refusal to provide your personal data means that it is impossible for Eigenmann & Veronelli SpA or any of its representatives to process them for the purposes and with the methods listed above.
Pursuant to Art. 6 of Regulation 2016/679, consent to the processing of the aforementioned data is not necessary insofar as they are collected to comply with legal obligations or for the performance of obligations arising from the contract. Refusal to provide the data will necessarily entail the termination of any relationship by not allowing the processing of data. The consent to processing relating to sending promotional material is optional and any non-authorisation shall not prejudice existing processing.
COOKIE POLICY
In compliance with Provision no. 229 issued by the Guarantor for the Protection of Personal Data on 8 May 2014, Eigenmann & Veronelli SpA provides the following information on cookies, their functions and how to disable them.
What are cookies
Cookies are small text files that the sites visited by the user send and record on his personal computer or any other device, even mobile, to then be retransmitted to the same sites on his next visit. Cookies are used for various purposes: for example, to remember user actions and preferences (such as login data, chosen language, font size, other display settings, etc) so that they do not have to be indicated again when the user returns to visit said site or navigate from one page to another; or to perform computer authentication, monitor sessions and store information relating to the activities of users accessing a site and may also contain a unique identification code that enables the tracking of user navigation within the site for statistical purposes or advertising. Cookies may be sent by Eigenmann & Veronelli SpA, or even by different sites (so-called "third-party" cookies). Some operations could not be performed without the use of cookies, which in some cases are therefore technically necessary for the site to function.
In general, there are therefore three different macro types of cookies, differentiable by their characteristics and functions:
technical cookies:
these are used for the sole purpose of transmitting a communication on an electronic communication network or to the extent necessary to provide a service explicitly requested by the user. In other words, these cookies are indispensable for the operation of the Eigenmann & Veronelli SpA site or necessary to perform activities you have requested.
navigation or session cookies:
these are used to allow the user to login to the reserved area or to make online purchases.
analytics cookies:
these are used to collect information, in an aggregate form, on the number of site users and pages viewed (for example Google AdWords, Google Analytics and Mailchimp). Reference is made to the relevant polices where more information is available. These may change periodically and you are therefore advised to consult them from time to time.
Cookies can only be created by our site.
THESE ARE SHOWN IN THE FORM AND FOR THE SPECIFICATIONS/PURPOSES IN THIS TABLE OF INTERNAL COOKIES FOR PURPOSES OF EXAMPLE ONLY.
Internal cookies
Name of cookie
Purpose
X0
LF_LOC
Identification of the user's town
X1
PHPSESSION_ID
Transmission of information about a session (for example, user credentials) from page to page
X2
CC
Identification of the origin of the user visiting the portal
X3
Remember_me_cookie
Automatic identification of the use on his next access
X6
sem[geo]
Geographical identification of the page visited on the portal
X8
sem[m]
Control and measurement of the performance of the website features
Google Analytics
_utma
Measurement of traffic statistics
The cookies on the Eigenmann & Veronelli SpA site are therefore of the type:
functionality cookies, which allow you to better navigate the Eigenmann & Veronelli SpA website according to already selected criteria and options, such as preferred language.
All the types of cookies mentioned above may remain on the computer or mobile device used by the user for different periods of time, depending on their function.
The cookies stored on your computer or mobile device cannot be used to retrieve any data from its hard disk, transmit computer viruses, identify and use your email address, or for purposes other than those described above.
How to change cookie settings
You can set and manage your cookie settings at any time by selecting which cookies to authorise, block or delete, in whole or in part, via your browser settings; below are the paths needed to manage cookies on the main browsers in use:
Internet Explorer™: http://windows.microsoft.com/it-IT/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
Safari™: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=it_IT
Chrome™: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=it&hlrm=en&answer=95647
Firefox™: https://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Attivare%20e%20disattivare%20i%20cookie
For more information and details on the various types of cookies, their mode of operation and features, we recommend visiting the following sites independent of this site - www.AllAboutCookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com.
To disable analytical cookies and prevent Google Analytics from collecting data on your browsing, you can download the browser add-on to disable Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Eigenmann & Veronelli SpA will store user preferences regarding cookies thanks to a special technical cookie with the characteristics specified in the above table.
We would like to inform you that blocking or deleting, in whole or in part:
technical cookies may make it impossible to use our site, view its contents and take advantage of related services;
functionality cookies may mean that some services or certain functions of the site are not available or do not work properly, forcing you to modify or manually enter some information or preferences each time you visit the site;
of the other cookies present (analytics) will not affect the operation of the site.
Company profile
ABOUT US
Contacts
KEEP IN TOUCH
NEWS
READ MORE