http://www.alliedautoequip.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Skip to content
Home
My Account
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Shopping Cart 0 item(s) - $0.00
Welcome visitor! You can login or
Create an account
Search for:
800-598-6481
Menu
Skip to content
Tire Changer
Tire Changer
Combos
Wheel Balancers
Wheel Balancers
Combos
Wheel Weights / Accessories
Wheel Weights
Tire Patches
Tire Valve Stems
Tire Repair
Car Lifts
Two Posts Lifts
Four Posts Lifts
Alignment Lifts
Shop Equipment
Air Compressors
Transmission Jacks
Underhoist Stands
Shop Presses
Engine Cranes
Oil Drains
Hose Reels
A/C Service
Spray Wash Cabinet
Strut Compressors
Support
Technical Support
Shipping Policy
Financing
Shipping Costs
Contact Us
Company
The Allied Mission Statement
The Allied Promise
The Allied Difference
Become a Allied Distributor
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard dritve through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term “outside parties” does not include $(CompanyNameLegal). It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the “My Account” section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the “My Account” section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Information
Company
Contact Us
Policies
Shipping Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms &
Conditions
Customer Service
Technical Support
Financing
My Account
My Account
Order History
Newsletter
Enter your zip code and you can then call someone
who has purchased our equipment in your area
Product Model
CI52E80H
CI752E80H
CI52E80V
CI1023E120H
CI752E80V
TC-950-2
AC03
UC97
AC-02
TC-950
TC-950-1
AC-02
AC03
UC97
SPL-AL-9F
SPL-TC-950-1
SPL-AL9CA
SPL-AC03
SPL-TC-950-2
SPL-AC02
SPL-TC-950
AC04
SPL-WB-550
WBOPT2
WBOPT5
WBOPT3
TCOPT1
TCOPT2
TCOPT4
WBOPT4
TCOPT3
7400
SWC-500
34788
PHR50
PD8G
PD20G-SE
PD18G
PSC2TF
PP-20T
PJS-1T
PJS2TH
PTJ1100
PTJ1
PTJ1100
PJS-1T
PSC2TF
PJS2TH
PTJ1
PP-20T
TR14
TR32
TR17
TR33
TR29
TR27
TR16
TR39
TR23
TR15
TR03
TR05
TR04
TR01
TR02
TR08
TR06
TR07
WW02
WW03
WW01
WB-550
U-S12A
U4P-O14A
U4P-14A
U4P-12
U4P-14
U8K-SS
U8K-SSXLT
U2P-11CA
AL9CA
U2P-15C
U2P-12F
AL-9F
AL9CA
U2P-12F
U8K-SSXLT
AL-9F
U2P-15C
U8K-SS
U4P-14
UM-1000
U4P-12
U2P-11CA