http://www.fhlbc.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Email
Print
The Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago (FHLBank Chicago) is committed to safeguarding the privacy of your information disclosed through your use of our public website. This Privacy Policy (Policy) details our commitment to protect your information supplied through your use of this website, and the manner in which the FHLBank Chicago will use that information. By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of your information by us as set forth in this Policy, as subsequently modified from time to time by FHLBank Chicago.This Policy does not apply to information exchanged on private sections of FHLBank Chicago's website that require a password to access (i.e., eBanking, AHP Online, or eMPF). Your use of those private sections, and the treatment of information exchanged therein, are governed by the relevant agreements between you and FHLBank Chicago’s and any privacy statement specifically covering those sections of the website.The FHLBank Chicago may from time to time revise this Policy. All revisions to this Policy will be posted on our website and where otherwise required under applicable law. Please check this Policy regularly for any revisions.  Information We Collect and How We Use ItWhen visiting this website, the FHLBank Chicago may collect and store the domain name and host from which you access the Internet (e.g., google.com), the IP address of your computer, the device used to access our website (you may also be sharing with us the geographic location of your device), your browser software and operating system, the date and time you access the site and the Internet address of any web site from which you linked directly to our site or to which you link directly after visiting our site. The FHLBank Chicago may use this information to measure the number of visitors to sections of our site, to determine from where our visitors linked and to where our visitors link from our site, and to help us make our site more useful. For example, we may organize and analyze IP addresses so that we can provide efficient service, improve your user experience, enhance security, monitor appropriate usage and produce traffic volume statistics. This type of information may be shared with third parties on an aggregated basis, such as if we choose to disclose site traffic information for marketing or other commercial purposes.When using the FHLBank Chicago’s public website, you may contact us to request information about the FHLBank Chicago or our products and services or sign up for conferences or webinars. In engaging in these activities, you may provide us with certain information that the FHLBank Chicago will use to send you the requested information or provide you with the services you requested. The FHLBank Chicago may also use such information to send you additional marketing and informational materials about our programs, services and products. FHLBank Chicago may also use for other purposes and disclose to third parties this information.CookiesCookies are small text files that our site may send to your browser for storage on the hard drive. Cookies can make use of our site easier by saving users' status and preferences upon visits to our site. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but a user may be able to change the settings to refuse cookies or to be alerted when cookies are being sent. Although you may have the ability to modify your browser and reject certain cookies, such actions may affect your use of certain portions of the website.Third Party WebsitesThis Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information collected by the FHLBank Chicago through our public website. A user of our site that links to another website will be subject to the privacy policy of that website. We encourage you to ask questions and review the applicable privacy policy before disclosing information to third parties. We have no responsibility or liability for the independent actions or policies of independent sites, and are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.Nonpublic Personal InformationIn order to assist members of the FHLBank Chicago with their required regulatory compliance, the following guidelines are adopted to address the privacy of confidential information which is received by the Bank from or on behalf of members, members’ customers, or customers of the Bank (the Members):With respect to nonpublic personal information (as that term is defined in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act) received by the Bank from or on behalf of Members, appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards have been instituted to:Maintain the security and confidentiality of such information;Protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information; and      Protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information.The FHLBank Chicago does not disclose nonpublic personal information which is received from or on behalf of a Member except as permitted by statutory or regulatory exceptions.Third parties that are providing services to the Bank who have access to nonpublic personal information received from or on behalf of Members are required:To comply with all applicable privacy laws and regulations and keep such information of Members confidential;To institute administrative, technical, and physical safeguards which are consistent with those outlined in paragraph 1 above;To limit their use of nonpublic personal information to the purpose(s) for which it was provided to them; andTo release nonpublic personal information only as permitted by statutory or regulatory exceptions.