http://www.bulkdisplays.com/privacy/
Splash Display
Point of Purchase
Brand Visibility
Design & Build
Display Products
News & Events
Contact Us
SPLASH DISPLAY PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy sets out how Splash Display uses and protects any information that you give Splash Display when you use this website.
Splash Display is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Splash Display may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st January 2017. We do not ask you to disclose any more information than is reasonably necessary to enable you to send your enquiry. We do not disclose, share, sell or transfer personal information we have collected from you through our ‘contact us’ form to third parties unless required to do so by law. The Splash Display Management Team cannot accept any liability for disclosure of information submitted as a result of security breach or accidental disclosure during system operation.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@splashdisplay.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email info@splashdisplay.com
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
SPLASH DISPLAY COPYRIGHT
This website and its content is copyright of Splash Display. All rights reserved. Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following: you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
SPLASH DISPLAY DISCLAIMER
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Splash Display and whilst we endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
Through this website you will be able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Splash Display. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Splash Display takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
SPLASH DISPLAY TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF WEBSITE USAGE
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Splash Display’s relationship with you in relation to this website. The term “Splash Display” or “Splash Display Management Team” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website whose office is Splash Display
Unit 4, Copse Business Park, Bulls Copse Rd, Totton, Southampton, SO40 9LR
The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use: The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website. Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.