http://www.midflorida.com/privacy-notice/online-privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
Protecting Your Information
We value your privacy and security, and are dedicated to protecting your information while you are using our website. As with information we collect in person, we use the information you provide online to respond to your needs, service your accounts, and provide you with information about our products and services.
Website Privacy
Generally we do not collect personal information from our website users. We do collect and store information on the domain used to access our website, the Internet address of the website from which a user links to the Credit Union’s website and the date and time of the visit to our website. This is to measure the number of visitors to our website and the route a user travels within our website to better serve members in improving design and site navigation.
Cookies
Our website may use cookies, a small piece of information sent by our web server to a user’s web browser. This practice allows us to enhance your online experience, ease navigation through our website, and protect your financial security. We do not use cookies to capture your personal information. Depending on the web browser you use, you can set your preferences to refuse cookies or notify you before they are placed. Cookies are necessary to use Online Banking and enjoy other services of our website.
From time to time, we may also advertise on networks, including the Google content network, that use your browsing history across websites to choose which ads to display on their sites. As a result, you may notice advertising for MIDFLORIDA elsewhere online when browsing. This service also provides us general information about the age and gender of our website’s users, along with interests they express in their online browsing and purchasing activities. This service does not in any way provide us with identifying information such as name, account numbers, social security numbers or addresses nor does it give us access to your computer or mobile device. Please click here for more information about remarketing or to opt out of the Google remarketing cookie, or opt out of additional third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Networking Advertising Initiative opt-out page.