https://www.physicianloans.com/legal/
Legal Information
Terms of Use, Licensing, Privacy & Security.
Our Company
Terms of Use
The Physicianloans web site is available for personal, non-commercial use only. All of the contents of this website are copyrighted and owned by PhysicianLoans. None of the information contained in this site may be copied, distributed, reproduced, published, or sold in any form without the expressed written permission of PhysicianLoans. Use of the Physicianloans web site constitutes agreement with all of the terms and policies of the site.
Liability Disclaimer
Information on this web site is intended solely as general guidance for financing and/or refinancing a home loan. None of the information provided on this website constitutes legal, tax, accounting, or other professional advice. All information included on this web site is believed to be accurate, although inaccuracies or typographical errors may exist. Mortgage interest rates, loan terms, and other information on this web site are subject to change without notice. This website may provide links to web sites operated by parties other than PhysicianLoans, including web sites of affiliated partners. (Affiliated partners are independent companies.) PhysicianLoans does not control these web sites and is not responsible for their content. These links are provided for reference only. Inclusion of these links does not imply endorsement of materials, products, or services provided on other web sites. All trademarks and service marks are the property of PhysicianLoans, and/or its subsidiaries.
Licensing Information
Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System
Licensee 1587
State Specific Disclosures
Colorado Dept of Regulatory Agencies Div of Real Estate Mortgage Broker Licensee 100024972
Connecticut Department of Banking Mortgage Broker License 15111. Mortgage Broker only, not a Mortgage Lender or Mortgage Correspondent Lender
Georgia Dept of Banking & Finance Annual Mortgage Lender License #19058
IDFPR, Div of Banking; 320 W Washington St; Springfield, IL 62786, 312-793-1409, Illinois Residential Mortgage Licensee, MB.0006434; for Physician Loans Corporation, 5880 Cleveland Ave., Cols, OH 43231
Indiana SOS Loan Broker License 1587
KANSAS licensed mortgage company # MC.0025112
Kentucky Dept of Financial Institutions Mortgage Loan Broker License MB 19414
Louisiana Commissioner of Financial Institutions Licensed Residential Mortgage Lender RML-2121
Michigan Office of Financial & Industry Services First Mortgage Licensee FL-2272
Minnesota Dept of Commerce Residential Mortgage Originator License MN.MO.20541845
Missouri Residential Mortgage Loan Broker License 15-1860; 301 Sovereign Ct, Suite 210, St Louis, MO 63011
Tower Mortgage Corporation dba PhysicianLoans.com 5880 Cleveland Avenue, Columbus, Ohio 43231NMLS# 1587; OH Broker Lic# MB.800331.000
Pennsylvania Dept of Banking Mortgage Loan Correspondent License 30570
Tennessee Dept of Financial Institutions License No. 109380
Texas Dept of Savings and Mortgage Company License*
West Virginia Division of Banking Mortgage Broker License MB.30070
Wisconsin Dept of Financial Institutions License Number 38139
*Consumers wishing to file a complaint against a Company or a Residential Mortgage Loan Originator should complete and send a complaint form to the Texas Department of Savings and Mortgage Lending, 2601 North Lamar, Suite 201, Austin, Texas 78705.  Complaint forms and instructions may be obtained from the Department’s website at www.sml.texas.gov.  A toll-free Consumer Hotline is available at 1-877-276-5550.  The Department maintains a Recovery Fund to make payments of certain actual out-of-pocket damages sustained by borrowers caused by acts of licensed Residential Mortgage Loan Originators.  A written application for reimbursement from the recovery fund must be filed with and investigated by the Department prior to the payment of a claim.  For more information about the Recovery Fund, please consult the Department’s Website at www.sml.texas.gov.
Copyright Information
Unless otherwise expressly noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, and photographs appearing anywhere on this site are protected by copyright laws and treaty provisions. The copyright on such materials is held by the original creator of the materials.
None of the materials may be copied, reproduced, displayed, modified, published, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any form or by any means. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this website may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
All use is prohibited without the prior written approval of PhysicianLoans.
Security Practices
Security
The security of your personal information is our first priority at PhysicianLoans. We have taken extraordinary measures to make sure that the information you send to us is seen only by authorized people. (Please review our privacy policy to find out more about who is authorized to view your information.)
Secure Web Pages
All of the pages on our web site that ask for your personal financial information are delivered to your browser through HTTPS, a secure server communications layer. You can check for this encryption by looking for the key (Netscape) or lock (Internet Explorer) icon on your browser. If your browser’s security feature has been turned on, a pop up box will notify you when you enter a secure page.
Encryption
When you send your personal financial information to us, it is protected by SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) Technology. SSL does not allow anyone to intercept and read your personal information. When you send your information to us, SSL encrypts it (translates the data into a string of gibberish characters). Only we can decode the encryption.
Firewall Protection
Your financial information is not kept on our web server, but on a different computer that is separated from the Internet. Even in the unlikely event that our web site is “hacked,” your data will still remain secure and out of reach.
Privacy Pledge
Our Commitment To Privacy
PhysicianLoans is committed to your right to privacy. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
When you inquire online the information you submit is sent directly to our company using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology supporting up to 128-bit encryption to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing any personal information. (Please review our security practices to find out more about this.)
We also use technology to gather technical information from your web browser (IP address, operating systems, etc.); set temporary session cookies on your computer; and collect anonymous, non-personally identifiable information about your navigation throughout our website by using “action tags” or invisible “gifs” placed on our website.
We only use this information for routine website maintenance; to establish that you are a unique user; and for purposes of assessing the effectiveness of our website, products and services.
The Way We Use Information
We only use the information you provide about yourself when you submit an inquiry online to respond to your requests for our financial products and services or to provide you with information about products or services that may be of value to you. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to respond to your request or to further process your loan.
We do use the non-identifying and aggregate technical information collected to better design our website.
* Third-Party Web Beacons: We use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, click here.
Marketing Opt-Out
PhysicianLoans may communicate with you from time to time regarding our products or services. We respect your time and privacy and do our best to send only information that we feel is relevant and beneficial to you.
We understand that you may not be interested in hearing about money-saving promotions or other exciting programs or news. Therefore, we always provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of these communications.
You may unsubscribe by following the instructions provided in each e-mail newsletter or by sending an email request to unsubscribe@physicianloans.com.
About Us
Company
Team
Testimonials
News
Corporate OfficeAddress: 2325 Bryden Rd, Bexley, OH 43209Phone: (877) 913-6286Fax: (614) 436-8140
Copyright © Physician Loans 2007-2020. All rights reserved. Home
About Us
Contact Us
Request a Loan Officer