https://www.itecheng.com/privacy/
Resources
News
Contact
Privacy
Privacy – iTECH
iTECH is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If you are asked to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that this information will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
iTECH may update this policy. Please check this page from periodically to see our current privacy policy. This policy is effective from March 1, 2015.
What we collect
We may ask you for the following information:(providing this information is purely voluntarily on your part)
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offer
What we do with the information we gather
We ask for this information to:
Improve the products and services we can offer you
Periodically inform you with emails about new products, special offers or other news we think you may find interesting
Customize this website according to your interests
Maintain historical records
Conduct market research. Your participation in research is completely voluntarily (and greatly appreciated!).
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial processes to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file added to your web browser which helps us know when you have visited a page on our website, as part of our website traffic monitoring. Cookies allow our website to respond to you as an individual. The website and its content can be tailored to your needs, likes and dislikes based on your visiting patterns.
Cookies help us provide you with a better website experience by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you other than the pages you have visited on our website.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can adjust the settings in your browser to decline cookies.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. Once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over any other websites. As a result, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at info@iTECHeng.com.
We will never sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so.
You may request details of the personal information we have collected about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of this information, please contact us at info@iTECHeng.com.