http://www.fibertech.ca/en/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Fibertech Incorporation (“Fibertech”/us/we) makes the website, www.fibertech.ca (the “Site”), available to you as a resource for purchasing endoscopes and related medical devices products and services. If you are a healthcare practitioner or anyone else interested in Endoscope or related medical device products and services, you can use the Website to locate, purchase and obtain information on endoscopes and related medical device products and services.
Your privacy is important to us so this Privacy Policy provides important information about how we collect, store, use and distribute our Site users’ information.
By using the Site, you consent to the use and disclosure of your Personal Information (as defined herein) on the terms of this Privacy Policy. Your Personal Information will not be disclosed or used for any other purpose without your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time but withdrawing consent may result in your inability to continue using all the features of the Site.
Information Gathering and Usage:“Personal Information” is information about an identifiable individual, such as a person’s name, age and gender. We collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information in order to manage your business account and provide the Services to you. We collect this information in the following ways:
Information you provide to us: You provide Personal Information to us when you contact us requesting information, order product, request a repair or to provide feedback on the Site. We will ask you for information like your name, company address, and email address, some of which constitutes Personal Information.
Information we collect when you use the Site: The Site uses cookies to help it compile aggregate statistics about usage of the Site, such as how many users visit the Site, how long users spend viewing the Site, and what pages are viewed most often. We may also see your IP address but do not use cookies to track individual users. The information we collect through the use of cookies is used to improve the content of the Site. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie. This gives you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. If you disable cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of the Site.
How we Use the Information We Collect: Generally. We collect and use Personal Information for the main purpose of providing the Site. More specifically, we use your information for identification and authentication purposes and to address issues like malicious use of the Site. We may also use information received through the Site to manage your account and to advise you about current and future services unless you notify us that you do not wish to receive this information. We may also use your information to provide requested services and to discuss issues relating to your accounts via email or phone.
Disclosures and Transfers: We may share your Personal Information with any group companies we may have now or in the future, in which case we will require them to honor the terms of this Privacy Policy. From time to time we may employ trusted third parties to help us manage and improve the Site. Some of the roles they fulfill for us may include hosting, data storage, maintenance of the Site and marketing. These third parties may have limited access to databases of Site user information solely for the purpose of carrying out their functions and they will be subject to contractual restrictions prohibiting them from using the information about our users for any other purpose.
If we plan to use your Personal Information in the future for any purposes other than those identified above, we will only do so after informing you by updating this Privacy Policy (see Changes to this Policy below).
Important Exception to Consent: We may disclose your Personal Information to a third party without your consent if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users of the Site or anyone else (including the rights or property of anyone else) that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose Personal Information when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is required by and in accordance with the law. We may also be required to disclose Personal Information when your actions violate or appear to violate our Terms of Use.
Opting-Out & Communications: You have the ability to opt-out of most communications from Fibertech. However, some communications are not optional such as receiving notifications of updated copies of this Privacy Policy or other important notifications.
Third Party Sites & Links. The Site may include links to third party websites (such as the OEMs). We have no control over third party websites and the provision of links in no way constitutes an endorsement, authorization or representation of our connection to that third party. If you access third party sites using the links on the Site, you should read the privacy policies of those sites and be aware that they may follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of your Personal Information.
Data Security: We work hard to ensure that your information is kept secure. These security practices include ensuring that only Fibertech employees, contractors and agents (who carry out services for us) have physical access to the computers that store your data. Data is maintained on password protected computers or through online password protected files. We store our data on password protected PCs or in online password protected files, which means that such information may be available to foreign authorities under a lawful order or other local law requirement, irrespective of the safeguards we have put in place for the protection of your personal information.
Changes To This Policy: We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and will add the last updated date at the bottom of the document. The most up to date copy of the Policy is always available on our Site at the following URL: Privacy Policy
Access and Accuracy: You have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you in order to verify the accuracy of that information. You can access a copy of the information we hold about you by contacting us. If you make a written request to us to provide details of what Personal Information we hold about you, we will provide you with a copy or access to the Personal Information we hold. We will endeavor to deal with all such requests in a timely manner.
Retention: We will keep your Personal Information for as long as it remains necessary for the operation of the Site or as required by law, which may extend beyond the termination of our relationship with you. In general, once you inform us that you no longer wish to use the Site, we will delete your records from our systems as soon as we can.
Contact: You can send us comments and feedback pertaining to our Privacy Policy at: info@fibertech.ca including if have a query or complaint regarding our data practices.
Last Updated July 2014
Services
Endoscopes
ScopeControl
Endoscopic Accessories
Cleaning, Disinfection & Storage
Light Cables
DoviScan
Guide Control