http://www.techo.com/privacy-policy/
Global Website
Home
Projects
Insights
About Us
About Us
Retail Interiors
Export Team
Contact
Privacy policy
Terms of Use for the techo.com website
Please read these terms of use for the website www.techo.com.
By using this site you agree to abide by these general terms of use.
The operator of website address techo.com is TECHO, a.s. with registered office: U Továren 770/1b, 102 00 Prague 10, Czech Republic, VAT number: 49240056, entered in the Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague, section B, insert 1952.
Any use of the techo.com website, or a part thereof, for anything other than personal use, and in particular its further use in the form of dissemination, copying, processing or modification or other form of reproduction is forbidden. No interference in the technical or content of the techo.com website is permitted. Use other than personal use is considered an infringement of the rights of TECHO, a.s., and may also be an infringement of the rights of parties whose data, works or other intellectual property is contained on the techo.com website.
On the techo.com website TECHO, a.s. is entitled to use the data of other parties that are the authors, owners, distributors or sources of this information. Any copying, publication or dissemination of the content of these sources is forbidden without the prior written consent of TECHO, a.s.
All content of the techo.com website is just informative in nature. The content of the techo.com website is drawn from sources that TECHO, a.s. considers to be reliable. TECHO, a.s. is not responsible for the correctness or completeness of this content, or for ensuring it is up to date. The content of the techo.com website is regularly updated and amended. Information, data, analysis, opinions or other notifications published on the techo.com website must be assessed within the context of the moment of its publication on the techo.com website.
TECHO, a.s. reserves the right without prior notification to modify or remove any part of the techo.com website.
Each user of the techo.com website uses it at his/her own risk. TECHO, a.s. is not responsible for any damage that arises in relation to connection to or use of the techo.com website, or damage caused by the partial or complete non-functionality of the website. TECHO, a.s. does not guarantee the ability to connect to or the perfect functionality of the techo.com website, and is not responsible for any direct or indirect damage due to inability to connect to the website or inability to access its content.
If a user enters the part of the techo.com website that requires registration and the entering of a user name and password, then such registration data provided by the user will be used for personalisation of this part of the website and its services. In the case of registered access, TECHO, a.s. has the right to use the provided data for marketing purposes internally within TECHO, a.s. or for other purposes connected with the business of TECHO, a.s.
TECHO, a.s. is entitled to contact registered users for the purpose of verifying whether provided personal information is up to date and correct. Where there is reasonable doubt that information is correct it will be blocked, and if is not possible to amend or verify this information without unreasonable effort or expense such information will be removed.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, the Terms of Use are effective and valid from the date they are first published on the techo.com website.
TECHO, a.s. reserves the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time. These Terms of Use are valid with effect from 1.5.2017.
Cookies
We use cookies (short text files that allow a web page to record information about your visit) primarily to analyse visitor statistics. It is important for us to gain feedback for our work. We use Google Analytics, which guarantees the anonymity of data – it is not possible to use it to identify individual users. If you don’t agree with the use of cookies you can block them on your browser.Other cookie files are stored where there are YouTube or Vimeo videos on a site. You can learn the purpose of these cookies on their websites - Youtube a Vimeo.Instructions for removing cookies in browsersInternet ExplorerMozilla FirefoxGoogle ChromeSafari
GDPR
Download pdf
Memorandum_on_the_processing_of_personal_data