http://www.bonfiglioli.com/international/en/privacy-policy
Attention: your browser could be obsolete
Please update your browser for a better experience on this website
What are you searching for?
excavators
IOT
track drives
RIGHT-ANGLE GEAR UNITS
reluctance motor
Inverters
Inverters
construction equipment
excavators
IOT
slew drives
O&K
reluctance motor
INFORMATION ON THE PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA (PRIVACY POLICY) CLIENTS / WEBSITE USERS
ABOUT US
Bonfiglioli Riduttori S.p.A. with registered office in Via Giovanni XXIII, 7/A, 40012 Lippo di Calderara di Reno - Bologna (hereinafter the “Company”) when performing its activities places maximum attention on the security and confidentiality of the personal data of its clients.
The Company is the controller of processing of the personal data collected on this website.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA CONCERNING YOU CAN BE COLLECTED
We can collect the following personal data categories concerning you:
Control data – information on the name, place and date of birth, tax code, address, phone number, mobile phone number, email address.
Use of the website– information on how you use the website, open and forward our communications, including information collected through cookies.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The company collects and processes your personal data in the following circumstances:
operational management of the Website to use its functionalities;
if you contact us to request aftersales assistance, to receive information about our products, to view and download the technical data sheets about our products;
if you answer our marketing campaigns.
If you provide personal data on behalf of someone else you must make sure, in advance, that the data subjects have read this Privacy Policy.
We kindly ask you to help us keep your data updated by informing us of any change.
WHAT PURPOSES CAN YOUR PERSONAL DATA BE USED FOR
Processing of personal data must be legitimised by one of the legal requirements established in data protection laws in force as described below.
Operational management and purposes strictly connected to it to access the website.
The Company collects your contact and website use data to enable you to enter your Personal Area and download documents on the services you purchase from your Personal Area, to request after-sales assistance and to download technical data sheets about our products.
Requirement for processing: complying with contractual obligations.
Providing data is obligatory to respond to your request; we could not do so otherwise.
Compliance with binding legal requirements to fulfil a legal obligation, legal authority regulations or measures, and to defend a right in court
The Company collects your contact data to fulfil a legal obligation and/or to defend its rights before the law
Requirement for processing: legal obligations that the Company has to comply with.
Marketing to meet your needs and provide you with promotional offers
The Company may process your contact Data for marketing and advertising communication purposes aimed at informing you about promotional sales initiatives, to send you newsletters, invite you to trade fairs and events, carried out by means of automated contact means (e-mail) and traditional contact means (e.g. telephone calls with operators) where you provide us with specific consent to do so and within the limits of that described in the related formula.
Basis for processing: consent, failure to give such shall not affect the contractual relations.
Consent can be revoked at any time by e-mailing corporatemkt@bonfiglioli.com
HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA SECURE
The company uses a vast range of security measures to improve protection and maintain the security, integrity and accessibility of your personal data.
All your personal data is stored in our secure servers (or on secure paper copies) or on those of our suppliers or our commercial partners, and is accessible and usable based on our standards and our security policies (or equivalent standard for our suppliers or commercial partners).
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION FOR
We only keep your information for the time needed to achieve the purpose it was collected for or for any other legitimate connected reason. So if personal data is processed for two different purposes, we will keep that data until purposes for the longest term have ceased. However, we will no longer process your personal data for the purpose for which storage is no longer needed.
We limit access to your personal data to those who need to use it for important purposes.
Your personal data that is no longer needed or for which there is no legal requirement for keeping it is made irreversibly anonymous (and in that way cannot be stored) or is securely destroyed.
Here below you will find the data storage times for the purposes listed above:
Compliance with contractual obligations: data processed to comply with any contractual obligation can be stored for the entire contractual duration; however, in any case, no longer than the following 10 years, in order to check any pending matters, including accounting documents (for example invoices).
Operational management and purposes strictly linked to it for access to the website: data processed for this purpose can be stored for the entire contractual duration, however not after the following 10 years.
For disputes: in a situation where defending ourselves or taking action or even making claims against you or third parties we can store the personal data we feel will be reasonably necessary for those purposes for the time in which that claim can be pursued.
Marketing purposes: the personal data processed for marketing purposes may be kept for 24 months from the date on which we obtained your last consent to this end (with the exception of where you oppose receiving additional communications).
WHO CAN WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
Your personal data can be accessed by employees duly authorised to do so and external suppliers, appointed, if necessary, as processors, providing support to supply services.
Would you kindly contact us at the following e-mail address: info@bonfiglioli.com if you would like to see the list of processors and other parties we communicate data to.
CONTACTS
The contact details of the Company as processing controller are:
BONFIGLIOLI RIDUTTORI S.P.A.
VIA GIOVANNI XXIII, 7/A - 40012 LIPPO DI CALDERARA DI RENO - BOLOGNA (ITALY)
PH: (+39) 0516473111 - FAX: (+39) 0516473126 -
If you have any questions on our processing of your personal data, please contact the following e-mail address: info@bonfiglioli.com
YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS AND YOUR RIGHT TO PRESENT CLAIMS TO THE CONTROL AUTHORITY
Under certain conditions you have the right to ask us:
to access your personal data,
for a copy of the personal data you supplied us (socalled portability),
to rectify the data in our possession,
to cancel any data for which we no longer have any legal processing requirements,
to object to processing when foreseen by laws applicable
to limit the way in which we process your personal data, within the limits set forth in personal data protection laws
Exercising those rights underlies some exceptions finalised to protect public interest (for example the prevention of identification of crimes) and our interests (for example maintaining professional secrecy). If you should exercise one of the aforementioned rights, we will check that you have the right to do so and will, normally, reply within one month.
For any complaints or notifications on how your data is processed we will do all in our power to respond to your worries. However, if you should so wish, you may forward your claims or notifications to the data protection authority, using the pertinent contact details: Authority for the protection of personal data - Piazza di Monte Citorio n. 121 - 00186 ROMA - Fax: (+39) 06.69677.3785 - Phone: (+39) 06.696771 - E-mail: garante@gpdp.it - Certified e-mail: protocollo@pec.gpdp.it.
Contact us
UP
Attention: browser.javascript.content