https://www.calgraphics.com.au/privacy-policy/
This statement has been prepared in accordance with the Federal Privacy Commissioner’s Guidelines for Federal and ACT Government World Wide Websites.
Recording your visit
When you look at this web site, we make a record of your visit and log the following information for statistical purposes:
Your server address.
Your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc).
The date and time of your visit to the site.
The pages you accessed and the documents you downloaded.
The previous site you visited.
The type of browser you used.
No attempt will be made to identify individual users or their browsing activities except in the event that it is reasonably necessary for the enforcement of criminal law. In the case of the latter, we will comply with the Privacy Principles of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) regarding the limits and protocols associated with disclosure of personal information. Some sites use “cookies” to track a particular user’s access to a site. Cookies are not used on this site.
Recording your details following a sales enquiry
We will only record your:
Company name
Contact name
Position title
Phone number
E-mail address
Reason for enquiry. If you send us a message, it will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it, without your consent.
Publishing personal information
We will only publish personal information on this site if it has been collected for this purpose with your knowledge or if you have consented to the disclosure. When giving such consent you should be aware that information published on this site is accessible to millions of users from all over the world, that it will be indexed by search engines and that it may be copied and used by any web user. This means that, once the information is published on this site, we will have no control over its subsequent use and disclosure.
Feedback
We welcome feedback from users of this web site in relation to the site’s design and practices, and to this Privacy Statement
https://youtu.be/YPDoF_wFLGQ
Recent Posts
Ampol Rebranding
Standard or Custom Braille Plates
Stay Protected with Antibacterial Face Masks
We are Open under Stage 4 Covid-19 Restrictions
COVID-19 and Impact on Calgraphics’ Operations