http://www.interstatebatteries.com/support/privacy-policy
Would Like To Use Your Current Location
We use cookies on our website. By using this website you consent to our updated
Privacy Policy and
Terms and Conditions.
GOT IT
Skip to Content
English
Spanish
Toggle navigation
Privacy Policy Information - Interstate Batteries
Privacy
Policy
This Policy was last updated on 12-27-2019.
We are Interstate Batteries, Inc., along with our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “Interstate”, “we”, “us” or “our) are committed to your privacy.
We aim to be as transparent as possible about how we collect, use, and disclose your information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect online and offline.
Categories and Sources of Information We Collect or Receive About You
Depending on how you interact with our Website, Franchise and Distributor Locations, Independent Licensed Dealers and National Account customers, we may collect or receive several types of information from you.
Within the past 12 months, we have collected or received the following types of information from consumers:
Identifiers you provide including name, address, telephone number and email address at the point of sale or through Powerperks® registration;
Commercial Information such as vehicle identification information (VIN) when you receive a battery test from one of our battery testers;
Information about how you use our Platforms, such as browser and device information, the IP address and the Web site that referred you to us and the pages you visit to help manage and enhance the Platforms.
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies. (see “Cookies” section below for more information)
Use of Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To complete our transaction with you;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provided it;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered between you and us, or between us and our commercial customers who serve you, including sale of product, warranty administration, billing and collections;
If you elect to receive, we will provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or services, or events or news;
To improve our website;
For testing, research, analysis and product development;
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise authorized by law
To perform analysis and better understand our customers
To do the above, we combine personal and non-personal information, collected online and offline, including information from third party sources. We also transfer or share your personal information within our corporate family of subsidiaries and affiliates of Interstate Batteries, Inc.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose.
When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed both Identifiers and Commercial Information for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Affiliates: Subsidiaries and affiliates of Interstate Batteries, Inc.
Service Providers: third parties who perform services on our behalf and are contractually prohibited from sharing your information, including without limitation, marketing, market research, data storage, data enhancement, security and tech and operational support, email and legal services.
We do not sell personal information.
In any circumstance other than those described above, we will ask for your affirmative consent before we share your personal information outside of our corporate family of companies, and we also will not sell or rent your personal information.
Additionally, we reserve the right to share your information in the following circumstances:
Business Transfers: To a buyer or other successor in the event of a sale or transfer of some or all of our business or assets.
As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. Therefore, if we sell all or part of our business or make a sale or transfer of all or a material part of our assets or equity or are otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of our business, which we may do at our sole discretion and without requiring your consent, we may transfer your Information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.
Protection of IB and Others: Notwithstanding any provision of this Policy to the contrary, we further reserve the right at all times, and without needing further permission from you to release your Information to: (i) comply with the law regulation, governmental or law enforcement request, or discovery order; (ii) enforce or apply our contractual rights; or (iii) protect the rights, property, or safety of our company and affiliates, customers, or others. This includes exchanging Information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Cookies
We obtain information about your use of our Website by using cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit web pages. The owner of the cookie can access the information that is stored in that cookie when you view web pages that include the cookie owner’s code. Cookies are widely used, are necessary for the correct function of many websites and can enrich the user experience. They may also be used to track user behavior.
We use different types of cookies to help us improve our Website and deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests
Recognize you when you return to our Website
Deliver advertisements for our products (“interest based advertising”)
Our Cookies
We use cookies to help deliver our website and some of these cookies are essential for the functioning of our website. For example, we use cookies to help resize images for mobile browsers, to indicate if users have javascript or to help us display videos on the website.
Third party cookies
We allow carefully selected third parties, such as our advertising service providers, to place cookies via our website.
Additionally, we use third-party advertising service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet.
These companies employ cookies and web beacons to gather anonymous information that permits us to analyze, modify, and improve our advertising content.
The information collected is not personally identifiable.
Other ways to manage cookies
You can also control or disable cookies in your web browser. How you disable cookies depends on which browser you use. All modern browsers allow you to change your privacy settings to prevent websites form planting cookies.
These settings will typically be found in your browser’s “options” or “preferences” menu or by using 'Help' option. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful.
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Chrome
Safari
If you configure your browser to refuse to accept cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website or it may not function as intended.
Do Not Track
At this time sites on our network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include ‘do not track’ instructions. However, you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. You may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain or all cookies, or require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser.
Security
We work hard to protect our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, destruction or disclosure of information we hold. We use commercially reasonable administrative, technical, human, and physical measures to protect your information in our possession against loss and theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. However, we cannot guarantee that any electronic commerce is totally secure. For example, we have no control over the information collected by your internet service provider or your employer (if the Site is made available to you through your employer). Any such third party that collects your information may use the information in accordance with its terms and conditions of use (and related privacy policies), which may be different from this Policy. We are not responsible for any information collected by such third parties and/or how such information is used or maintained. Neither any third party nor IB has the authority to make any representations or commitments on behalf of the other.
Consent
By using the Site, you are consenting to have your personal data transferred to, and processed in, the United States pursuant to this Policy. The Site is hosted in the United States. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, then you may choose that your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site immediately.
Users Outside the United States
Portions of the Site may be hosted on our computer servers in the United States. If you are accessing the Site from outside of the United States, any Personally Identifiable Information collected through the Site may be transferred to the United States or other countries whose privacy laws may be different from those of your home country. Your use of the Site or submission of any Personally Identifiable Information will therefore constitute your consent to the transfer of your Personally Identifiable Information outside of your home country.
Links To Other Sites
The Site may contain links to other sites not owned or operated by us. Those other sites may not have the same privacy policy as we do, and we is not responsible for the privacy practices, security measures or content of those other sites. When you visit those other sites, you should read their privacy policies. This Policy applies solely to information collected by us.
California Privacy Rights
Your Rights and Choices
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months, to include:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources from which your personal information is collected;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you; and
Whether or not your personal information has been sold
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
To request this information, please contact Customer Care at (888) 772 – 3600, submit a letter to Interstate Batteries, Inc. 12770 Merit Drive, Suite 1000, (ATTN: Legal Department), Dallas, TX 75251, or complete the California Consumer Rights form - CCPA.
Children's Policy
Our website is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a user is under this age, we will not use or maintain his/her Personal Information without the parent/guardian’s consent. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records. Please contact us if you have concerns regarding the potential collection of your child’s information. Email: contactcenter@ibsa.com or 888-772-3600.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access and disclosure. The use of, and access to, your personal information by us is restricted to employees and contractors who need to know that information to provide services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to limit access to your nonpublic personal information.
Unfortunately, transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to us through our website or other electronic means. Any electronic transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
Questions
If you would like to communicate with us about this Policy or our collection and/or use of your Personal Information, please contact us at the following addresses:
Interstate
Batteries, 12770 Merit Drive, Dallas, Texas, 75251, Attention: Legal Department or Email: Contactcenter@ibsa.com.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We will post any changes we make to this Privacy Statement on our website. If we make material changes to how we treat personal information we collect from you, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our website homepage. The date this Privacy Statement was last revised is identified above. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting this Privacy Statement on our website to check for any changes.
Incorporation into Conditions of Use
This privacy policy (this “Policy”) is incorporated in, and subject to, the Conditions of Use (the “Conditions of Use”) for our website (the “Site”). Please refer to the Conditions of Use for definitions of words with initial capitals letters that are not otherwise defined in this Policy.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy at any time, without advance notice. Should any new policy go into effect for our webpage or Privacy Policy we will post a notice to make you aware of the changes that have been made. For ease of reference, we will also indicate when the most recent version of the Policy took effect. By your continued use of the Site, you consent to the revised terms of our Policy. If you use the Site after we post changes to this Policy, you are deemed to have accepted the changed Policy.
About
Our History
Our Culture
Join Our Team
Blog
Quick Links
All Battery Centers
Recycling
Support
Power Pages
Legal
Warranty
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Class Action Settlement
Distribution
Distributors
Distributorship Opportunities
Current Dealers
Become a Dealer
Back
Start by telling us about your battery needs.
What type of battery are you looking for?
{{product.TileHoverText}}
{{product.TileText}}
Back
{{selectedProduct.AppGuideQuestion}}
Find Your Battery
Loading…
Loading...
{{filter.Label}}
{{filter.Label}}
Zip Code
{{$parent.selectedProduct.AppGuideActionText}}
{{$parent.selectedProduct.AppGuideActionText}}
Back
{{currentQuestion.HeaderText}}
{{currentQuestion.QuestionText}}
{{a.DisplayText}}
{{currentQuestion.ActionText}}
Skip to Results
Back
{{currentQuestion.HeaderText}}
{{currentQuestion.QuestionText}}
{{a.DisplayText}}
{{currentQuestion.ActionText}}
Back
{{currentQuestion.HeaderText}}
{{currentQuestion.QuestionText}}
Battery Size
Battery Size
{{currentQuestion.ActionText}}
Skip to Results
Back
{{currentQuestion.HeaderText}}
{{currentQuestion.QuestionText}}
{{a.DisplayText}}
{{currentQuestion.ActionText}}
Skip to Results
Back
{{currentQuestion.HeaderText}}
{{currentQuestion.QuestionText}}
Battery Voltage
Battery Voltage
{{currentQuestion.ActionText}}
Skip to Results
Back
{{currentQuestion.HeaderText}}
{{currentQuestion.QuestionText}}
{{a.DisplayText}}
{{currentQuestion.ActionText}}
Skip to Results
We experienced a technical difficulty while processing your request. Your data may not have been correctly saved.
*First Name
*Last Name
*Email
Phone Number
Type of Customer
Retail
Commercial
Type of Request
Product
Service
Warranty
Pricing
Recent Purchase
Other
*Tell Us About Your Need or Request
SUBMIT
Thank you! Your request has been sent.
We experienced a technical difficulty while processing your request. Your data may not have been correctly saved.
*First Name
*Last Name
*Company Name
*Email
Phone Number
Tell Us About Your Need or Request
What Industry Are You In?
Electrical/Industrial
Education
Medical
Public Safety
Fire & Security
Other
Preferred Method of Communication
Phone
Email
SUBMIT
Thank you! Your request has been sent.