http://www.iddba.org/terms-of-use#privacy
COVID-19 Resources
On Monday, December 14, we will be updating our Member portal. Access to the portal and this website will resume on Wednesday, December 16. If you have any questions, please contact us at 608-310-5000 or email at iddba@iddba.org.
IDDBA Terms of Use
IDDBA is providing information and services on the Internet as a benefit and service in furtherance of IDDBA's nonprofit and tax-exempt status. IDDBA makes no representations about the suitability of this information and these services for any purpose.
IDDBA is providing this site and its contents on an "as is" basis and makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this site or its contents. IDDBA disclaims all such representations and warranties, including for example warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In addition, IDDBA does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this site is accurate, complete or current. Price and availability information is subject to change without notice.
Except as specifically stated on this site, neither IDDBA nor any of its directors, employees or other representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties.
Although the IDDBA site includes links providing direct access to other Internet sites, IDDBA takes no responsibility for the content or information contained on those other sites, and does not exert any editorial or other control over other sites.
Customer Privacy
IDDBA believes that your personal information belongs to you. We collect this type of information when you provide it so that we may, in turn, provide you with the services or communications that you have requested or indicated interest in.
You are free to visit IDDBA's website without identifying yourself, but if you'd like to make a purchase through our online store, or register or join through our online forms, you will need to provide required personal information. We use the information you provide during the ordering process to fill your orders, print your badge in the case of registering, provide customer service assistance, and improve the content of our site so that we may better meet your needs.  This includes the use of cookies to track site usage and facilitate SSO between our sites.
You may set up an IDDBA online account without becoming a member. This can be used to monitor and edit your contact profile and preferences.
Depending on the service you request or the forms you submit, the basic personal information we may collect and store includes name, job title, email and physical addresses, phone numbers, profile picture, employer information, and web login information.
Additional information collected in certain scholarship or Fresh Careers applications may include data pertaining to your education, job responsibilities, personal interests, and gender.
In accordance with GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), as of May 25, 2018, IDDBA will require and document express opt-in consent from those citizens so that we may provide them with association services and communications.
IDDBA may make its customer mailing information available to IDDBA member companies for targeted promotions on a rental basis.  If you do not want us to share your mailing information with any third party, please let us know by sending us an email at IDDBA@iddba.org and we will honor your request.  You may also log in to your IDDBA online account and update your preferences there.
Shipping
A few important notes about rush/overnight service: The carriers we use for overnight and two day shipping pick up and deliver orders Monday through Friday. To ensure that your overnight order is shipped the same day you place it, your order must be received before 12 pm CT Monday through Friday. If you request overnight shipment after 12 pm CT your order will ship the next business day.  Domestic rush/overnight shipments are sent via Federal Express or UPS, which require a signature for delivery.
If we are unable to ship your order within four weeks of receipt of order, we will contact you and you will have the option of canceling the order or keeping it on a "back order" option. In the case of new products in development, you will be notified of the anticipated release date and/or any delays.
Customs
We are required by law to note that the contents of international packages contain books or videos, and to state the full value of the shipment, even if the package contains a gift.
Customs charges will be levied when the package reaches your country. IDDBA is not responsible for these charges and cannot provide estimates as to what these charges may be. You may wish to contact your local customs office for further information.
Returns
IDDBA will accept returns of books and videos with a valid receipt, within 30 days of purchase. Returned items must be in mint, resaleable condition. Items with bent bindings (from photocopying), dog-eared, or worn in any way will not be accepted. When returning items to IDDBA, please indicate the reason for your return on the reverse side of the invoice and include a copy of the invoice in the carton. For your protection, you may wish to send your return via UPS or insured parcel post.
Please send all returns to:
IDDBA
8317 Elderberry Road
Madison, WI 53717-2603
IDDBA cannot pay for return shipping charges unless we have made a shipping error. All returns, including any credits applied for return shipping charges, will be credited to your MasterCard, Visa, or American Express. Payments made by check will be refunded by check. We will make every effort to process returned items within 7-10 business days. Please note that it may take 1-2 billing cycles for your bank to post the credit to your statement.
Replacements
We will replace defective items with a new copy of the same item within 5 business days of receiving the defective item.
Notice to Buyers, Registrants & Exhibitors
All prices are payable in U.S. funds only. Contributions or gifts to IDDBA are not tax deductible as charitable contributions for Federal Income Tax purposes. Credit card orders are accepted only for registration fees, videos, training programs, and publications.
Registration Policy
All persons planning to attend IDDBA 2021 must be registered. IDDBA 2021 is a private trade show open to the trade only, and not open to the public. Individuals who cannot document their direct, professional affiliation to the industry within our eligibility parameters are not qualified to attend the conference.
Registration Eligibility
In order to qualify for registration, business revenue must be derived from approved product and business categories. Registrants must be full time employees to qualify for registration, those with an affiliation with a non-qualifying company will not be registered.
Proof of business is required for all attendees. Previous attendees may be required to provide and/or confirm their business proof. Past attendance does NOT guarantee qualification for IDDBA 2021.
For IDDBA purposes (and to be eligible for any services, including registration, membership, scholarships, etc.) your actual employer must be identified. To be eligible for employee status, each person must show that income taxes, Social Security, Medicare taxes and unemployment tax are paid on full-time wages (or the equivalent if you live outside the USA).
Independent contractors (i.e. consultants, unpaid workers, family members, employees of other company, etc.) are not eligible for employee status.
Registrants must provide a copy of one of the following for proof of full-time employment:
Payroll stub (white out $)
Health Insurance card
Corporate I.D.
Recent W-2
Registration Limits Policy
Exhibiting companies, retailers, brokers, and distributors have the ability to purchase unlimited registrations for their permanent, full-time employees. All other companies are limited to three registrations per company.
Products or services that are not directly related to dairy, deli, or bakery will not be eligible to register (while not an inclusive list, this includes accounting, insurance, banking/finance, energy, geographic location advocates, etc.).
Employment, status, and/or company name changes may be subject to badge cancellation in accordance with limit policy.
If IDDBA is unable to qualify registrant, registration will be denied.
Data Verification for Accurate Contact Information
IDDBA qualifies all registrations and conduct data verifications to make sure the professionals attending the IDDBA show are who they say they are. When you submit registrations to us, it is very important that you submit accurate professional information for each of your registrants. If you do not, this can cause delays in processing, great delays in confirmation receipt, and even denial for badges if we are unable to obtain this information.
Individual, unique email addresses for each registrant are increasingly important so that registrants:
can verify his/her own badge information
can benefit from the IDDBA App networking and planning tool
Registration Categories
For the purpose of IDDBA registration, every separately functioning or individually identified division of a company or corporation shall be considered separately for membership, registration, and exhibiting.
Regular**
Manufacturers, exhibitors, packagers, importers, exporters, wholesalers, educational institutions, distributors, consultants, brokers, marketing organizations, associations, and other industry companies.
Retail**
In order to qualify for the retail registration discount, business revenue must be derived from the sale of finished products to the individual person or household who will actually consume the products. Factory outlet stores or manufacturing units of retailers that sell to a third party do not qualify. Persons working for both retail and non-retail businesses pay the higher fee.
Registrants must provide one of the following required credentials for retail registration:
retail business (resellers) license or federal resale tax certificate
business plan
lease agreement for commercial retail space or retail incorporation papers
For IDDBA purposes (and to be eligible for any services, including registration, membership, scholarships, etc.) your actual employer must be identified. To be eligible for employee status, each person must show that income taxes, Social Security, Medicare taxes and unemployment tax are paid on full-time wages (or the equivalent if you live outside the USA).
Independent contractors (i.e. consultants, unpaid workers, family members, employees of other company, etc.) are not eligible for employee status.
Registrants must be full time employees of retail businesses with no other industry employment in order to qualify for a retail badge and must provide one of the following for proof of retail employment:
Payroll stub (white out $)
Health Insurance card/paper
Store I.D.
Recent W-2
If IDDBA is unable to qualify registrant as a retail employee, full registration fees will be charged.
DSD Food Distributor**
Business revenue is derived from purchasing large lots of bulk or finished food products/commodities and, in turn, selling and delivering smaller lots of bulk or finished food products/commodities to wholesalers, retailers or food service outlets AND through direct store delivery, servicing these food products with their own sales force in the primary market area for their business.
Repackaging or manufacturing may not be a part of a direct store delivery distributor's business to qualify for the DSD category of registration.
DSD companies who also exhibit must register for an exhibitor badge at the higher fee.
**All people registered will be verified by IDDBA for full-time employment. If a registration is submitted with an incorrect business type, the registration may be updated to meet our registration categories and the registration fee will reflect the updated category and pricing.
If IDDBA is unable to qualify registrant as a retail or DSD employee, full registration fees will be charged. If your business includes brokering, manufacturing, distribution, exhibiting, etc., you may register under full registration fees within the restrictions of the registration limits policy.
Final determination of categories is subject to approval. Persons working for overlapping classifications pay the higher fee.
Children and Spouses
Spouses and children, not working in the industry, of registered IDDBA show attendees may register for one hour, one time, at no charge. One hour badges are issued only during show hours, not during setup. One hour badges are valid for expo hours only and do not grant access to seminars. This program is only available on Monday and Tuesday (as time permits) and applications are processed on site at the IDDBA information counter at registration, not in advance. Both registered attendee and one hour badge applicant must be present during the application process.
A credit card imprint is required for the spouse/child badge at the time of application. When the one hour badge recipient and registered attendee return the badge at the end of the hour, the credit card slip will be torn up or returned. If the badge is not returned within one hour, the credit card will be charged for the full non-member rate of $525.
No one under 18 is permitted to register for the full conference.
Badge Cancellation Policy
The entire registration fee will be refunded if cancellation is received in writing by the day prior to the show. "No shows" will not be refunded. Employment, status, and/or company name changes may be subject to badge cancellation in accordance with this limits policy.
No Suitcasing
Suitcasing is the act of handing out product literature or samples at a trade show without being an exhibitor. Suitcasing is not allowed inside or on the grounds of the Convention Center. Attendees found suitcasing will forfeit their badge and be escorted off the show floor.
Badge Control
Only registered participants will be admitted to meetings, exhibits, and social functions. Loaning or giving your badge to another person is strictly forbidden and cause for eviction of both parties.
Visas
International registrants are responsible for obtaining the appropriate visa from their country of residence BEFORE registering online for this exhibition.
IDDBA will not provide a letter of invitation to attend the exhibition and online registration fees will not be refunded in the event a visa is not granted.
Please consult the U.S. Department of State Bureau of Consular Affairs for information on visa policy and procedures.
Notice to IDDBA 2021 Registrants
IDDBA may take photos/video of the IDDBA show or related activities which contain attendees' images; these may be used in future IDDBA materials.