http://www.beltservice.com/privacy
800.727.2358 / Int’l: 1.314.344.8500
Get Updates!
Login
TRENDING@BELTSERVICE
Toggle navigation
Get Updates!
Home
Products
Core Belting
Heavy Duty
Light Duty
Woven Carcass
Kits and Supplies
Lightweight
Lightweight Thermoplastic
ProTurn
ProClean
Detectable Products
Nylon Core/Power Transmission
Plastic Modular Belting (Movex)
Plastic Modular Food Grade Belting (Modutech)
Specialty/Engineered
Blast/Abrasive Cleaning
Weigh Feeder Belts
Filter Belts
High Abrasives
Custom Parts
Beltwall
Air Permeable Fabrics
Fabflex (Manufacturer)
BeltTS (Manufacturer)
Industries
Waste and Recycling
Automotive Foundry
Logistics
Construction / Aggregate
Food
Depanner Belts
Mining and Processing
Energy
Agriculture
Lumber
About Us
Our History
Meet our Team
Company News
Work With Us
Contact Us
Belt Specs
Videos
Brochures
Privacy
Basic Confidentiality and Privacy Policy
Beltservice Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliated companies, hereafter "Beltservice", considers personal information, such as your name, postal
and e-mail addresses or telephone number, to be private and confidential. Accordingly, the personal information you provide is stored in a secure
location, is accessible only by designated staff or authorized agents, and is used only to market our products or better serve our customers. Beltservice
will not disclose any personal information to other organizations.
Information Collection
When you browse a Beltservice website, you do so anonymously. Personal information is not collected. Some areas of our websites, however, may request
that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your name, email address, etc., for purposes such as correspondence, site registration,
making a purchase, requesting information, or participating in online surveys.
Beltservice may also retain electronic communications you send to our customer service representatives, webmaster or other associates. These may be
shared only within Beltservice as a means to continually improve customer service.
Beltservice web sites track information about the visits to those sites. For example, statistics are compiled that show the daily number of visitors
to a site, the daily requests received for particular files on a site, and what countries those requests come from. These aggregated statistics
are used to customize our website to better meet your needs and may also be provided to others, but the statistics contain no personal information
and cannot be used to gather such information.
There is a technology called "cookies" which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a website. A cookie is an element of data that
a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. Certain Beltservice sites may use cookies so that we can better serve
site users. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Information Use
Beltservice may use the information users give us to, for example, provide a service, measure consumer interest in our various products and services
or inform users about new products and programs. These offers may be based on information provided in surveys, information that may indicate purchasing
preferences or email sent to a Beltservice site.
Any lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under strict conditions designed to safeguard the security and privacy
of customer personal information. Beltservice will use reasonable effort to address all requests to remove names from any postal mail or email
lists.
Disclosure
Because Beltservice considers the individual information we maintain to be confidential, our policy is to disclose no personal information gathered
on-line to third parties unless release is required by law or is pertinent to judicial or government investigations or proceedings. Beltservice
does not sell, rent or transmit personal information to other organizations.
Other Websites
Beltservice websites may contain links to other sites, and we make every effort to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for
privacy. However, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.
Children
Beltservice does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information (such as name, address and telephone number) from children under 18
years old through its website. We do not currently allow children under 18 to register or participate in contests or promotions on the site. However,
if the parent or guardian of a child under 18 believes that the child has provided us with personally identifiable information, the parent or guardian
of that child should contact us if they want this information deleted from our files. If Beltservice obtains knowledge that it has personally identifiable
information about a child under 18 in retrievable form in its files, we will delete that information from our existing files. In addition, anyone
under 18 years old should seek their parent's or guardian's permission prior to using or disclosing any personal information on this site.
Disclaimer
By using a Beltservice site, you signify your assent to the Beltservice Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use
our sites. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page
periodically for changes. Your continued use of our sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Don’t Miss Out!
Sign up today to keep updated on all of our latest product and company news!
SIGN UP!
Product Groups
Core Heavy Duty Light Duty Woven Carcus Kits and Supplies
Lightweight Lightweight Thermoplastic
ProTurn ProClean Nylon Core/Power Transmission Movex
Specialty/Engineered Blast/Abrasive Cleaning Weigh Feeder Belts Filter Belts High Abrasives
Custom PartsBeltwallAir Permeable Fabrics Fabflex (Manufacturer) BeltTS (Manufacturer)
Industries
Waste & Recycling Automotive Foundry Logistics
Construction / Aggregate Food Mining & Processing Energy Agriculture Lumber
Beltservice Corporation
About Us Our History Meet Our Team
Company News
Work With Us Open Positions
Contact Our Locations
Tools / Information
Account Login
Conversion Calculator
Warranty
Privacy
Notices
World HQ
4143 Rider Trail North
Earth City, MO 63045
Contact
USA: 800.727.2358 Int’l: 1.314.344.8500 (General Inquiries) info@beltservice.com (Sales Inquiries) sales@beltservice.com
© 2020 Beltservice Corporation • All rights reserved • Web Design & Development by