https://www.proworldinc.com/security-and-privacy-policy/
Free Shipping
On orders of $49 or more. Restrictions Apply.
See Details >
Home
Pro World Security & Privacy Policy
Security & Privacy Policy
close
close
Your Security Is Our Top Priority
We want to make sure your online ordering is easy, secure and worry-free. Just a word about our online security. To safeguard all your shopping transactions, and to encrypt your credit card information, Pro World employs the Internet’s Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") security technology. Your Browser will automatically be directed to our secure commerce server, so that all your personal information will be encrypted before it is transmitted over the Internet.
For your additional security, Pro World requires all shoppers to sign in with their email address and password before any account can be accessed. You'll notice that when you switch over to our secure server you see a 'lock' icon at the bottom of your browser indicating that you are now using our secure server. Different browsers indicate the security differently. This assures you that the information being submitted is now secure.
Our Privacy Policy
Pro World values its customers and respects their privacy. We collect customer information in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services, and promotions. Pro World recognizes that it must maintain and use customer information responsibly. We do not sell or rent the information you provide to us online to third parties. We also give you the option to opt-out of receiving periodic email from us during the checkout process. If this option is unchecked, you will not receive any email from us other than email communicating information regarding your order(s). If you choose to receive email from us by keeping this option checked, you hear from us from time to time via email describing new products, services or promotions. Each email newsletter you receive will always give you the option to opt-out of receiving future email from us.
As you browse the website, advertising cookies from our advertising partners may be placed on your computer periodically so that we can understand which products are of most interest to you. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. Additionally, the techniques our partners employ do not include the collection of personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number.
Sometimes we share customer information with our advertising service providers so that they can perform services on our behalf.
Like cookies, this practice allows us to tailor the Pro World experience to our users.
This information is used solely for marketing and targeting purposes by us and is never sold or rented to other marketers.
If our information practices change in the future, we will let you know by posting the policy changes on our Web site or by communicating directly with you. We will notify you of any such change before we use your information in a manner not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. You will have the opportunity at that time to opt out of any new use of your information.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy please contact us.