http://www.castrol.com/en/global/home/legal-notice.html
Site Traffic Information and Cookies
We use cookies (and equivalent technologies) to collect and analyse information on our site's performance and to enable the site to function. Cookies also allow us and third parties to tailor the ads you see when you visit our site and other 3rd party websites in the same online network, including social networks. By clicking 'Agree', you agree to these uses of cookies. If you do not agree or if you would like more information, you can manage your cookie preferences opposite.
Manage cookie preferences
Agree
Home
LEGAL NOTICE
Main Content
LEGAL NOTICE
Welcome to the castrol.com web site. This web site is owned and operated by Castrol Limited, registered office address: Castrol Technology Centre, Whitchurch Hill, Pangbourne, Berkshire, RG8 7QR.
Visitors to this web site are bound by the terms and conditions set out below. By progressing beyond this screen, you are deemed to accept them. Our Privacy statement governs the use of any personal data that you provde to us via this website. Click on the link in the footer of this page to read our Privacy statement.
Other Castrol websites may contain terms and conditions that are different to these terms and conditions. Please check the terms and conditions of each web site that you visit.
Unless specified otherwise, references in this website to "Castrol" or the "Castrol Group" shall mean Castrol Limited and its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Our liability to you
Castrol Limited is providing this website on an "as is" or "as available" basis, and makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this website or its contents. The information contained in this website is not comprehensive. Despite our efforts, it may not be accurate, up to date or applicable to the circumstances of any particular case. We cannot accept any liability for any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and any decisions you make based on information contained in this website are your sole responsibility. Neither Castrol Limited nor the Castrol Group accept liability for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or other loss or damage of whatsoever kind arising out of access to, or the use of this website or any information contained in it. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Castrol Limited and the Castrol Group remain liable for any fraudulent misrepresentations contained in this website and for any death or personal injury resulting from our negligence.
The downloading of material from this website is done at your own risk. Castrol Limited does not guarantee or warrant that such materials are free of viruses, worms, trojan horses or other destructive codes. It is your sole responsibility to implement safeguards to protect your computer system and data, and you are responsible for the entire costs of any service, repairs or corrections necessary as a result of the use of this website.
The limitations and exclusions set out in this website shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law.
Product information
Where we have provided information about Castrol products on this website including, but not limited to, product data sheets, material safety data sheets, and technical data sheets, all reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this information is accurate as of the date of issue of such documents. Nevertheless, such information may be affected by changes subsequent to the date of issue in the blend formulation, methods of application of any of the products referred to or in the requirements of any specification approval relating to any such products. The properties and specifications of Castrol products may vary from one country to another. Please contact your local Castrol office before using any products in a manner other than as directed. For the avoidance of doubt, liability for product information on this website shall be governed by the terms of the “Our liability to you” section above.
Use of any hyperlink
Neither Castrol Limited nor the Castrol Group are responsible for the content of any other website, including any website through which you may have gained access to our website or to which you may gain access from our website. We do not accept any liability in connection with any such sites or links.
Where we provide a hyperlink to a third party's website, we do so because we believe in good faith that such a website contains or may contain material which is relevant to that on our website. Such a hyperlink does not signify that Castrol Limited or the Castrol Group have reviewed or approve of the connected third party's website or its contents – indeed, in certain instances, a hyperlink may connect you to a third party's website containing views contrary to those expressed on our website or otherwise held by Castrol Limited or the Castrol Group.
Trademarks
The Castrol name and logo are registered trade marks of Castrol Limited. All other trade marks, product names, and company names or logos used in this website are the property of either their respective owners or Castrol Limited. No permission or licence (whether express or implied) is hereby granted regarding the use of any such trade marks, get-up, product names, logos or titles, and such use may constitute infringement of the holder’s rights.
Copyright
The copy rightinthe contents and any downloads from this website is owned by Castrol Limited, the Castrol Group or third parties. All rights reserved. Castrol Limited, Castrol Technology Centre, Whitchurch Hill, Pangbourne, Berkshire, RG8 7QR.
You are responsible for obeying all applicable copyright laws. We permit you to make copies of this website as necessary incidental acts during your viewing of it, and you may take a print for your personal use of so much of the website as is reasonable for private purposes. All other use is strictly prohibited. You may not frame this site nor link to a page other than the home page without our express written permission.
Non-personal information
Other than in respect of personal information which will be treated in accordance with the Privacy Statement that appears in this website, if you provide information to us, you agree that we have unlimited rights to such information and that we may use such information in any way we choose. Such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential.
The information, material and content provided in the pages of this website may be changed at any time without notice. Changes may also be made to the terms and conditions at any time. You agree to review the terms and conditions regularly and your continued access to or use of this website will mean that you agree to any changes.
What law governs this website?
Your use of this website and downloads from it, and the operation of these terms and conditions, shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of your use of this website.
In the event that any or any part of the terms contained in these terms and conditions shall be determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful, or unenforceable to any extent, such terms shall to that extent be severed from the remaining terms which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.