http://www.najarianfurniture.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Najarian Furniture Company
Revised October 24, 2017
Please read the privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) below before using the Najarian Furniture Company website.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Najarian Furniture Company collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://najarian-furniture.myshopify.com website.  This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Najarian Furniture Company.  BY ACCESSING, VISITING, SUBMITTING ANY INFORMATION TO OR OTHERWISE USING THE SITE OR ANY OF ITS WEBPAGES, SUBDOMAINS OR FEATURES (COLLECTIVELY YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AS WELL AS OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE LOCATED AT THE URL http://www.najarianfurniture.com.
1.  Definitions
For purposes of this Privacy Policy: (1) the terms or phrases “Najarian Furniture Company“, “the Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our” means Najarian Furniture Company, Najarian Furniture Co., Inc., a California corporation and any and all entities that control, are controlled by, are affiliated with, or are under common control with Najarian Furniture Co., Inc.; and, (2) the term “Site” means the website located at the homepagehttp://Najarianfurniture.com and any affiliated websites.
2.  Amendments To This Privacy Policy
Najarian Furniture Company has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Users acknowledge and agree that it is their responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
3.  Personal Identification Information
Our Site is neither directed to, intended for, nor designed to be used by anyone who is less than 18 years of age. You represent that you are at least 18 years of age. We do not collect personally identifiable information from anyone we actually know is a minor under the age of 13. If we receive a complaint which states that a user is under 13 years of age, we will comply with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”).
We may collect personal identification information from adult Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.  Users may be asked for, when appropriate, name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number and credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they confirm that they are over 18 years of age and voluntarily submit such information.  Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
4.    Non-Personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
5.  Web Browser Cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert User when cookies are being sent. If the User does so, please note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
6.  Website Server Logs
We may collect information in the form of website server logs (“Logs”).  These Logs are files that record activity on the Site and gather statistics about users’ activities, such as:  (1) how many users have visited the Site; (2) how often; (3) how many “hits” the Site and a particular webpage has received; (4) sign-in and sign-off times for the Site; (5) type and quality of the user’s Internet connection to the Site; (6) identification of the user’s hardware and software accessing the Site; (7) the features on the Site you used; and, (8) the frequency of use.  The entries comprising the Logs contain IP addresses, user IDs, and identification of the Internet service provider that provides your connection to the Internet.  Generally, we use the Logs to operate and improve the Site, to identify the popularity of certain features, to assist with internal marketing and demographic studies, to enable us to assess overall efficiency and activity on the Site, and to assess users’ web-browsing activities, preferences, and habits.  We also use the Logs to monitor traffic on the Site and to troubleshoot technical problems.
7.  How We Use Collected Information
In addition to what is set forth above, Najarian Furniture Company also uses User’s personal information for the following purposes:
To personalize user experience:  We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To process transactions:  We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order.  We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic e-mails:  The e-mail address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order.  It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
To send periodic Newsletters or Alerts:  We may use information we collect from you to provide you with newsletters, alerts, special offers, promotional offers or market research surveys by e-mail, and we may maintain separate e-mail lists for different purposes.  If you wish to end your e-mail subscription from a particular list, you need to follow the instructions at the end of each e-mail message to unsubscribe, or “opt out”, from the particular list.  Our opt out or unsubscribe process impacts only the future delivery of electronic mailings disseminated by us on our own behalf.
If you do not want Najarianfurniture.com to send you communications such as newsletters, announcements, or promotional offers, you may opt-out from receiving these communications at the time your Personal Information is originally collected through the communications preferences in your Account management page.  Or, if you’d like to opt-out at a later date, opt-out instructions as well as instructions to update communications preferences will be included in the bottom portion of each e-mail we send to you. You may also contact us by regular mail at the address listed below.  Please note that you may not opt-out from certain transactional or relationship messages (e.g., billing matters, Account reminders, legal updates) concerning your Account or products or services that you purchase from Najarian Furniture Company or that you use on the Site.
8.     How We Protect Your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.  Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a secure sockets layer (“SSL”) secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
9.  How We Share Your Personal information
We do not sell, trade or rent Users personal identification information to others.  We may share generic aggregated demographic information that is not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.  Najarian Furniture Company may share your Personal Information with an unaffiliated third party under the following circumstances:
A.     Fulfillment of Najarian Furniture Company’s Services
We may retain other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf.  Examples include, but are not limited to, companies that help to administer the Najarian Furniture Company website, companies that provide payments and billing services, companies that conduct surveys or assist Najarian Furniture Company in its promotional activities such as sending e-mails to you, shipping companies that deliver products, third party advertisers or promotional partners who provide a product or service to you, customer support specialists, web hosting and internet service providers, and data analysis firms. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in the United States by our third party service providers. Any such third parties who are involved in the operations of Najarian Furniture Company are authorized to use the information that is collected by and/or disclosed to them only for purposes of fulfilling their contractual obligations to us and/or fulfilling any obligations owed to you and to the other individuals who access and use the Site.  We require that any such third parties adhere to this Privacy Policy and protect the confidentiality of Personal Information they collect or have access to in the course of their engagement by Najarian Furniture Company.
B.     Compliance with Law and Fraud Protection
We expressly reserve the right to disclose Personal Information and any other information to third parties if we believe, in good faith, that we are required to do so by applicable law, including, but not limited to, disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of claims of fraud, misappropriation or infringement of any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, or any other conduct or activity that is illegal or that may subject you or Najarian Furniture Company, its agents, employees, affiliates or others to any potential legal liability or as otherwise required by law. We may also disclose Personal Information and any other information where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or as otherwise permitted by law.  We reserve the right to disclose the Personal Information or any other information of a user who we believe is in violation of any policy or rule as posted on the Site, even without a subpoena, warrant, court order or other governmental request.
C.     Sale or Transfer of Information
In the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, or transfer of substantially all of the assets of Najarian Furniture Company and/or Najarian Furniture Co. Inc., the Personal Information and/or other information collected about you from the Site may be sold, traded, assigned or transferred to the party acquiring all or substantially all of the equity and/or assets of Najarian Furniture Company and/or Najarian Furniture Co. Inc., in order to permit the party to continue the operation of any acquired assets.  You consent to the sale and transfer of your information as described in this paragraph.  If the successor entity intends to use your information for a purpose unrelated to that which it was originally collected, we will contractually require the successor entity to provide you with notice of these new purposes and an opportunity to consent to such new purpose.
10.  No Guarantee of Absolute Security
Although we use security measures to keep your personally identifiable information confidential, no security measure is perfect or impenetrable.  We cannot ensure that all of your private communications on or throughNajarian Furniture Company and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.  By way of example, but not limitation, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.  Therefore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary within this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use or elsewhere on the Site, your use of Najarian Furniture Company is at your own risk, and we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will always remain private.
11.  Minors And Children
Persons who are at least 18 years of age are permitted to register for an Account as set forth in the Terms of Service, Section 3 (Eligibility).  If Najarian Furniture Company becomes aware that any Minor is submitting or has submitted Personal Information to the Site without parental consent, we will close the Account and delete any Personal Information within our control as soon as possible.
In addition, for purposes of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), Najarian Furniture Company makes the following statement:  The Najarian Furniture Company website is not directed to or intended for persons under the age of 13.  If Najarian Furniture Company becomes aware that any person submitting Personal Information is under the age of 13, we will close the Account and delete any Personal Information within our control as soon as possible.
12.  California Privacy Rights Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83
If you are a resident of California (“California Users”), in addition to the rights set forth in this Privacy Policy, you generally have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. However, under the law, a business is not required to provide this information if it adopts and discloses to the public in its privacy policy a practice of not disclosing a user’s personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the user first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure.  Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying California Users of their rights to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right.  As stated above, Najarian Furniture Company does not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you have requested us to do so, or have otherwise consented, and then subject to your right to opt-out of sharing your personal information for third party marketing purposes.
Please note that whenever you opt-in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use your information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information.
California Users may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing:privacy@Najarianfurniture.com.  Please note that we only are required to respond to one request per user each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address.
13.  Acceptance Of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at:
Najarian Furniture Companyhttps://najarian-furniture.myshopify.com265 North Euclid Ave
Pasadena, CA 91101(888) 781-3088info5@najarianfurniture.com
Copyright © 1986–2019 Najarian Furniture Co.,Inc. All Rights Reserved
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection