http://www.drillmasters.com/privacy-policy.php
Home
Site Map
Contact
www.sterlinggundrills.com
888-338-1049
ProductsSterling Gun Drills
Deep Hole Gun Drills
Solid Flute Drills
Drilling Systems
TWINMASTER™ Drills
Regrinding Systems
Spraymist Kits
Stationary/Rotary Toolholders
Gundrilling Accessories
Pricesour product prices
Solid Carbide Flute
Standard Single Flute
Spraymist Units
Stationary Toolholders
Rotary Toolholders
Reduction Sleeves
Cutting Fluid
Chip Deflectors
The Gundrilling Handbook
Drill Guides
Regrinding Fixtures & Accessories
Miscellaneous Accessories
Special Gun Drill Pricing
Drilling Systemsdeep hole drilling system
Gun Drilling Helpguides and literature
FAQ's
Troubleshooting Guide
Support for Longer Length Solid Carbide Flute Gun Drills
Speed & Feed Charts
Contact Sterling
Categories:
Deep Hole Gun Drilling
Solid Flute Gun Drills
Drilling Systems
TWINMASTER™ Drills
Regrinding Systems
Speed & Feed Charts
Sterling Distributors
Troubleshooting Guide
About Sterling
Sterling News
Translate:
Privacy Policy
Our Promise To You
Protecting your privacy is important to us ("Sterling Gun Drills, Inc."). This Policy explains how Sterling Gun Drills, Inc. uses and discloses the personal information collected from and provided by you while using www.sterlinggundrills.com' Web site (the "Main Site"). Any personal information collected or provided to us through any contact form will be treated with care, subject to this Policy, will not be used or disclosed in ways to which you have not consented.
By using the Site (www.sterlinggundrills.com), you signify your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, you may no longer use this Site.
Information Automatically Collected
Like many other web sites, the Site automatically collects certain non-identifiable information regarding Site users, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, the date and time you access the Site, your operating system, the sections of the our site that you visit, and the materials you post to or download from the Site. This non-identifiable information is used for Site administration and improvement. Your non-identifiable information may be disclosed to others and permanently archived for future use.
Personal Information You Specifically Provide
During your use of the Site, you may decide to voluntarily provide personal information such as your name, email address, postal address, and telephone number when asked for purposes such as communicating with us, we may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, to respond to your inquiries and or requests that you may have submitted, and as otherwise permitted by law. If you provide your email address, we may send to you, email containing information about our products and collections.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Sterling Gun Drills, Inc. must cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or a legal authority to release your personal information. Sterling Gun Drills, Inc. takes reasonable precautions to avoid the unauthorized disclosure of your personal information. Nevertheless, due to the nature of the Internet, security and privacy risks cannot be eliminated therefore Sterling Gun Drills, Inc. cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Policy.
External Sites & Advertising
This Site may contain links to other websites which collect information about you voluntarily. Sterling Gun Drills, Inc. has no responsibility, liability for, or control over those websites. If you stop using the Site or your permission to use the Site is terminated by Sterling Gun Drills, Inc., we may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Policy as amended from time to time. This Policy may be changed by us at our sole discretion and without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person.
New versions of this Policy will be posted here and you should check for Policy updates. If you have any comments or questions about this Policy or your personal information, please contact us online.
Customer Links
Credit Application
General Contact
Application Data Sheet
Conditions of Sale
YouTube
1-888-338-1049
Contact Us
Shipping:
940 Water Street
North Bennington, VT 05257
Mailing:
PO Box 806
North Bennington, VT 05257
Copyright 2020 ©
Sterling Gun Drills, Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy
top
Home
FAQ
Site Map
Contact
Powered by: Websites & More
Contact Us
Phone:
888-338-1049
Copyright 2020 ©
Sterling Gun Drills, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy | Site Map
Powered by: Websites & More
top