https://www.bidmarketing.co.uk/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
BID Marketing Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out the data processing practices carried out through the use of the Internet and any other electronic communications networks by BID Marketing. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact Geoff Wilton
(Geoff@bidmarketing.co.uk) on 0121 687 8001. Please note that all data thus captured will be used and held in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 and any subsequent legislation.
Information collected
We collect information from visitors to this website through the use of online forms and contact us webpages. We collect your details when you email us with an enquiry.
In addition to the above, we collect information automatically about your visit to our website. Please see our Cookies Section for more details.
Use of personal information
We process personal information collected via this website for the purposes of:
Providing information about BID Marketing’s products and services
Providing and personalising our services
Dealing with your enquiries and requests
Data Capture Information
We will send you information according to the preferences you submitted via our website. If you would like to change these preferences at any point, please email us info@bidmarketing.co.uk or call us on 0121 687 8001. You can also write to us if you prefer at:- Data Officer, BID Marketing, 15 Aston Court, George Road, Bromsgrove, B60 3AL.
Marketing
Please note that your information may be used to send you details of those products or services that we offer that we have identified as likely to be of interest to you. This will be in accordance with the preferences that you indicated when you entered your details on our website.
If at any point you would like to opt-out of receiving communications from us please contact Geoff Wilton at Geoff@bidmarketing.co.uk You can also write to the Data Officer at BID Marketing, 15 Aston Court, George Road, Bromsgrove, B60 3AL.
Disclosures
We will not share your data with third parties unless we are obliged to disclose personal data by law, or the disclosure is ‘necessary’ for purposes of national security, taxation and criminal investigation, or we have your consent.
Subject access requests
You have the right to see what personal data we hold about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please write to the Data Officer at 15 Aston Court, Aston Court, George Road, Bromsgrove, B60 3AL
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser. Find out more about cookies on www.allaboutcookies.org.
We use cookies to identify you when you visit this website and to keep track of your browsing patterns and build up a demographic profile. Most browsers will allow you to turn off cookies. If you want to know how to do this please look at the menu on your browser, or look at the instruction on www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note however that turning off cookies will restrict your use of our website.
By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to the use of cookies as detailed above.
Amendments
Please note that this privacy policy is subject to change from time to time. It was last reviewed in October 2017
Get In Touch
For a more informed consultation surrounding your companies specific demand generation or appointment setting needs then feel free to get in touch
CONTACT US
Talk to us
+44 (0)121 687 8001
Email Us
info@bidmarketing.co.uk
Get In Touch
Contact Us