http://www.nsga.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our postal address is:  1601 Feehanville Drive, Suite 300, Mount Prospect, Illinois 60056.  We can be reached via email at info@nsga.org or by telephone at 847-296-NSGA (6742).
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).  We collect the domain name and email address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via email, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number.  The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page.
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending us email at the above address.   If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.  Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.  Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by emailing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , a description of information that we maintain about them.  Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.  Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us email at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site.  For your protection, NSGA discourages the sending of credit card numbers via email.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.