https://www.hrotoday.com/hro-today-privacy-policy/
SharedXpertise Media, LLC (“SharedXpertise”), publisher of HRO Today and HRO Today Global, organizer of HRO Today Forum events, and manager of the HRO Today, C-TEN and TALENT associations, is committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs. We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about our customers and prospects. In adopting this customer privacy policy, our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information with your reasonable expectations of privacy.
Collection of Personal Data
The personal data SharedXpertise may collect includes, but is not limited to, names, job titles, company names, email addresses, phones numbers, and addresses.
Your personal information may be shared with SharedXpertise in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, event registration, webinar enrollment, research study or survey participation, research report downloads, and award nomination through a third-party partner submission.
SharedXpertise’s website may place a “cookie” on the browser of a SharedXpertise user’s computer. The “cookie” itself does not contain any personally identifying information. A “cookie” can be used to tell when your computer has contacted a website. This information is used for editorial purposes and purposes such as delivery of ads, to enable customized delivery of information without compromising privacy.
Use of Personal Data
A user’s personally identifiable information (e.g., name, e-mail address) may be used by SharedXpertise for editorial, marketing and promotional purposes.
E-mails may be sent relating to SharedXpertise’s products, promotions or services, as well as to communicate on behalf of other companies. From time to time, SharedXpertise may partner with a third-party and send a co-branded communication, which may also request personal data be provided. In such cases, the use of your personal data by the third-party is covered by their privacy policy, and not SharedXpertise’s privacy policy.
Web servers assisting SharedXpertise automatically collect information about which pages each user visits and the domain name of visitors to be used for internal review, to tailor information to individual visitors and for traffic audits. We also provide this information (as well as information from third-party market researchers) about our users on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our advertisers. Any personally identifiable information provided online as part of an advertiser promotion online may be provided directly to advertisers.
Disclosure of Personal Data
If you do not wish to receive any e-mails or to have SharedXpertise share such information with another party, you may “opt out” at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any informational email we send to you, or via regular mail, telephone (+1- 215-606-9520) or email.
Under certain circumstances, SharedXpertise may be required or permitted by law or court order to collect, use, and/or disclose personal information. Under these circumstances, notice of disclosure may not be required.
In the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, or acquisition of SharedXpertise, the acquiring party would agree to be bound by the terms of SharedXpertise’s privacy policy before any information would be transferred.
We do not control the privacy policies of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other sites to which we provide hyperlinks. SharedXpertise’s users should also be aware that, when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards, information included in those areas may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
This privacy policy and these practices are intended to be in compliance with the GDPR regulations of the EU.
HRO Today will send you the most relevant news and information about human resources that advances your career and keeps you up-to-date on the newest professional practices. You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any informational email we send to you.
Regarding our website, hrotoday.com, visitors need not register or give any personally identifiable information in order to read the basic sections of the website. We do not mine visitor email addresses related to website visits in order to obtain email addresses for our mailing database without the visitor’s express consent or opt-in.
Your email address and any other personal information related to that email address is housed in our mailing database indefinitely, or until you either request to unsubscribe by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any informational email we send to you, via telephone (+1- 215-606-9520) or email.
For further general information, or if you believe that there is a complication with the way that your data is being handled, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office at https://ico.org.uk.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
SharedXpertise reserves the right to modify and update this policy and its related business practices at any time. Please review this privacy policy on a regular basis. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our website (https://www.hrotoday.com/hro-today-privacy-policy/).
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the privacy practices of SharedXpertise, please contact us at +1- 215-606-9557.
4th 300×250 Ads Place180×150 AdRoyal Recognition 180×150180×150 Place 4Ads Place: 180×150 Ad Spot 3300×125 Ads PlaceSide 2300×250 Ads – Active Now
Most Popular
Top Concerns of CHROs
New Workplace Realities
A Catalyst for Change
Diversity Driven By Data
Values Know No Boundaries
A Community Focus
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion: Building a Successful DEI Stratey by Measuring Culture
HRO Today November 2020
CEO’s Letter: “W”ells “T”he “F”argo and “Cultural Rot”
HRO Today Educational Podcast Series – Episode 31: Korn Ferry
Side 3Orion Novotus 300×250WW Static 300×600 AdMain 300×600 AdSide 1 AdsSocial Links
Social Connections
Home
HR Trends
Magazine Issues
Baker’s Dozen
Awards
Videos & Podcasts
Research
Membership
Events
About
© 2009 - 2020 Copyright SharedXpertise Media, LLC.
All SharedXpertise Media logos and marks as well as all other proprietary materials depicted herein are the property of SharedXpertise Media. All rights reserved.
SharedXpertise Media, LLC, 123 South Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 19123
BY BEAVAN