http://www.bpl-global.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of UseYou are here: Home / Terms of Use
Terms of use
Welcome to our website. If you browse and use this website [www.bpl-global.com], you are agreeing to comply with, and be bound by, the following terms and conditions of use (‘Terms’), which together with our Privacy Policy govern BPL Global’s relationship with you in relation to this website. Please read these Terms carefully. If you disagree with any part of these Terms, you should not access or view this website.
This website is owned and operated by Berry Palmer & Lyle Limited (‘BPL Global’) which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
The term ‘BPL Global’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Berry Palmer & Lyle Limited, 52 Lime Street, London, EC3M 7AF and our affiliates outside the UK. Our company registration number is 01661686, registered in England and Wales. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following Terms:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is not intended to amount to advice of any kind on which you should, or may, rely. Information on this website should not be relied upon for making any decision without seeking independent professional or specialist advice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. Please read the relevant section in the Privacy Policy for further information.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk. You agree that, to the fullest extent allowed by law, we will not be liable to you and/or any third party for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for any indirect or consequential loss, loss of business opportunities or projects, or loss of profits) howsoever arising, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages and even in the event of fault or tort (including negligence, strict liability or otherwise).
We do not represent, warrant or guarantee that the website or the server through which it is accessed is free from viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other harmful components. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the website or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We reserve the right at any time and without notice to enhance, modify, alter, suspend, permanently discontinue or otherwise change all or any part of this website and to restrict or prohibit access to it. We will not be liable to you if for any reason the website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
This website contains material which is owned by, or licensed to, us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the logo, branding, design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction of any materials is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these Terms.
All present and future copyright, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights relating to this website are owned by BPL Global and protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. You agree to protect the proprietary rights of BPL Global and agree to promptly notify us in writing (via our Contact page) upon becoming aware of any unauthorised access or any use of the website that infringes upon any proprietary rights.
You are permitted to print or download information and content from this website only for your own personal non-commercial use or for the non-commercial use of your organisation. You may not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way. You may not offer for sale or sell or distribute over any medium any part of this website or its content.  You may not make any part of the website available as part of another website, whether by hyperlink framing on the internet or otherwise, unless you have been authorised to do so in writing by us.
You may not use the BPL Global name or misuse the BPL Global brand in any way, such use or misuse to be determined solely at our discretion.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
You hereby agree to indemnify BPL Global against any costs, claims, losses and damages (including legal fees) incurred by, or awarded against, BPL Global as a result of your misuse of this website or your breach of these Terms.
From time to time, this website may include links to other websites over which we have no control. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of such websites, and cannot accept any liability for the accuracy or otherwise of any content or the security of any activity carried out on other such websites. Your use of such websites is at your sole risk.
These Terms may be amended by BPL Global from time to time. Your use of this website following such changes constitutes your acceptance of these changes.
Your use of this website, and any dispute arising out of such use, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of England and Wales and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
Any questions or enquiries which you have in relation to this website should be sent via our Contact page or in writing to:
Compliance Officer
Berry Palmer & Lyle Limited
52 Lime Street
London
EC3M 7AF
Headquarters Berry Palmer & Lyle Limited
52 Lime Street
London
EC3M 7AF
Telephone +44 (0)20 7375 9600
Contact Us
International Offices
Paris
New York
Geneva
Singapore
Hong Kong
Navigation
People
Expertise
Our Markets
About BPL
News
Contact
Bookmarks
Our PeopleExpertise
Financial InstitutionsExportersCommodity TradersCorporate InvestorsClaims Back
Our MarketsAbout BPL
About BPLThe BPL AdvantageGlobal ReachOur ClientsCareersAwards & Testimonials Back
News
60 seconds with…Lloyd’s Brexit Transfer Back
Contact
LondonParisNew YorkSingaporeHong KongGeneva Back
× Close Panel
Make an Enquiry
We would like to keep you up-to-date on relevant BPL news, market insight reports and events via our e-alerts. Please be assured that we take data security very seriously and will not share your information with any third parties. You can read our Privacy policy here. If you would like to sign up to our mailing list, please tick here.
Scroll to top