https://www.spalding.com/customer-service/privacy-security/dmca-statement.html
Skip to main content
External Link Warning
×
You are about to leave our site. Do you want to continue?
Go Back
Continue
Customer Service
DMCA Statement Page
Statement Regarding Digital Millennium Copyright Act
If you believe that any portion of the material contained on this site infringes your copyright, notify Fruit of the Loom, Inc., which operates the Fruit.com website, of your claim in accordance with the following procedure. We will take appropriate action as required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3).
Written Notification must be submitted to this site's Designated Agent:
Chris Krebs
Vice President,
Fruit of the Loom, Inc.
One Fruit of the Loom Drive
Bowling Green, KY 42103
Email: DMCA@fruit.com
To be effective, the Notification must be in writing and contain the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Upon receipt of the written Notification containing the information outlined above, Fruit of the Loom will:
Remove or disable access to the material that is alleged to be infringing;
Forward the written notification to such alleged infringer;
Take reasonable steps to promptly notify the alleged infringer that it has removed or disabled access to the material.
A Counter Notification will be effective if in writing, provided to the Designated Agent, and including substantially the following:
A physical or electronic signature of the alleged infringer;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement under penalty of perjury that the alleged infringer has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled;
The alleged infringer's name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the alleged infringer consents to jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located or, if outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Fruit of the Loom, Inc., a New York company, may be found, and that the alleged infringer will accept service of process from the person who provided notification or the agent of such person.
Upon receipt of a Counter Notification containing the information outlined above, the Company will:
promptly provide the complaining party with a copy of the Counter Notification;
inform the complaining party that it will replace the removed material within ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days following the receipt of the Counter Notification, provided our Designated Agent has not received notice from the complaining party that an action has been filed seeking a court order to restrain alleged infringer from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on our Site, network or system.
This process only relates to reporting a claim of copyright infringement. Messages related to other matters will not receive a response through this process.
General Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Spalding MVP
Product FAQs
Product Registration
Warranty Information
Warranty Claim
Returns
Check Your Order
State Adoptions
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
DMCA Statement Page
Terms & Conditions
U-Design Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Info
Manuals Page
Catalog PDFs Download Page
Need Help?
If you have any questions, you may contact us to assist you.
Customer Service
Monday - Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM CST
1-800-772-5346
For individuals with visual, hearing, or other impairments, please call toll free: 1-877-879-7960
Spalding Equipment Customer Service
Have questions on our professional arena and gymnasium equipment? We got you covered.
Monday - Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM CST
1-800-435-3865
For individuals with visual, hearing, or other impairments, please call toll free: 1-877-879-7960
×
SYSTEM MANUAL FINDER
Select System Type
System Manual Finder
COMBO
Can be mounted to an existing system, pole or roof
Select
PORTABLE
Can be moved for convenience and storage
Select
IN-GROUND
Remains stationary for maximum stability
Select
Select
Portable System
Enter 2 Digit Number
The model number for portable systems will consist of two (2) sets of numbers that will need to be combined. Below are instructions on where to locate these numbers and how to combine them. If you are unable to locate this number, please contact our Customer Service Department.
Step 1: The first set of numbers will be a two (2) digit number located on the base. This two (2) digit number will be located near the fill hole where you put the water or sand.
Some System
Enter 3 Digit Number
There is a three (3) digit number on the front of the backboard, to the right of the rim. This set of numbers will identify your system. If you are unable to locate this number, please contact our Customer Service Department.
Step 2: The second set of numbers will be a three (3) digit number located on the front of your backboard, to the right of the rim.
Search Results
Previous Step
Next
Start Over
Sign up for Spalding MVP to get 15% off anything on Spalding.com
No Thanks
Sign Up
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Remove Product?
×
Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart?
Cancel
Yes
Address Correction
We found a more accurate version of the address you entered. Using this one will prevent shipping delays and ensure your shipment is delivered to the correct address.