http://www.soulsbyaccounting.com/privacy
This notice discloses the privacy practices for SoulsbyAccounting.com and applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
What information do you collect?
Soulsby Accounting is the sole owner of the information collected on this website. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register for our newsletter or contact us via email, phone/fax or mail. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
On some pages, you can make requests and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Company name
Address
Email address
Phone number
General company insight, such as ballpark revenue figures and number of employees
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
What control do I have over the information I share?
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by logging into your account and/or contacting us via the email address provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
How do you use the information you collect?
We use the information you provide about yourself when communicating with us only to complete your requests for Service. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to fulfill that request for Service. In addition, we may use your personal information to create personalized recommendations and offers.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive, as well as communicate with your regarding your Service. From time to time, we may also use these email address to communicate other information, including but not limited to news, special offers and notification of new Services. Your email address will never be sold or shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website or that Y number of men and Z number of women completed our registration form. However, we do not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
How do you secure your data?
We take precautions to protect your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Any sensitive information, like financial information, is processed using a reputable, secure networks. Some information is stored in a secure third-party accounting software like Quickbooks. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
In addition to using encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to sensitive information.
How do I access or correct my information?
If you have created an account at SoulsbyAccounting.com, you can update some information yourself. If you are unable to update your information, we will correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information if you send us a request via mail or email that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
If you have any questions or concerns, or you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact us at Info [at] SoulsbyAccounting.com.
Effective 03/14/2016
Soulsby Accounting
PO Box 391
Bath, OH 44210
330.865.9633
FIND IT FAST
JOIN US
STAY CONNECTED
Get regular & incredibly useful accounting tips for your business. Subscribe to our newsletter today.
Email Address