http://www.whitebredshorthorn.com/members/privacy.html
www.whitebredshorthorn.com
The Whitebred Shorthorn Association
Secretary
Anna Pattinson
High Shield Farm, Bardon Mill
Hexham,
Northumberland NE47 7AJ
Tel: 01434 344 716
whitebredshorthorn@gmail.com
Home
Breed
About
History
Association
Sales
Shows
Judges
Bluegrey Sales
Association
Directors
Members
Privacy Policy
Sales
Dates
Sale Reports
Private Sale Register
Semen Sales
Features
Members
List of Members
Fees
Membership Form
Registration Form
Transfer Form
Herd Prefix
Members Adverts
News
Newsletter
Links
Contacts
Database
Whitebred Shorthorn Association Privacy Policy
All members and purchasers of Whitebred Shorthorn cattle receive
a copy of the Privacy Policy.
When cattle are purchased, or a membership fee is paid, the
information supplied is held electronically (Name, Address,
Phone number, Email address, UK Herd number, Association number
and prefix). The membership apply to use the services of the
Association (registrations and transfers), this information
is also stored electronically. Paper documentation is filed
and held securely in folders and locked office.
We do not ask for sensitive personal data.
Digital data is held by the Association Secretary on a password
protected computer. Storage of back up data is password protected.
We hold information while members are a fully paid member
or elected Life Member, Honorary Member of the Association
and for a short period after that. We will not hold it for
longer than necessary. For a lapsed member this would be three
months to allow for subscription renewal reminders to be sent.
The personal data/information can be deleted from the database,
while retaining information on the livestock held at that address.
Information relating to cattle registrations will is retained
permanently as part of the continuous herd book record for
Whitebred Shorthorn cattle.
To meet our regulatory and legal obligations, we hold
the information provided, keep it up to date with regular contact
with members and will delete it when no longer required
We only share information with Grassroots Systems Limited
for the sole use of their Breed Society Record and we may use
the information also in Association publications, Show and
Sale catalogues and photographs taken or supplied unless requested
that we do not.
We use information to provide membership services (registrations,
transfers of ownership and relevant membership information).
Information is used for the breed Herd Book and in-house publications
unless consent is withdrawn.
We will not share information with third parties, other than
those already listed and with prospective purchasers without
prior consent. We do not use market research.
We do not anticipate a need to share members information
outside the parties already listed above.
Owners of Whitebred Shorthorn cattle
can ask us for a copy of the personal information we
hold for them.
can update or correct any personal details
by contacting the Association office.
can remove their consent
to share personal information at any time by contacting the
Association office.
can ask us to
delete their personal information. Information regarding
registered cattle (Name, Herd number, Ear number and prefix)
will be retained permanently as part of the continuous
herd book record for the Whitebred Shorthorn cattle
Where possible we will share a digital copy of information
directly when requested. Paper information will not be shared
electronically.
If they have a complaint about the use of personal information
they may contact the Association office. It will be dealt with
inside the prescribed time of 30 days.
We may make changes to this notice and if this happens we
will notify members of these changes.
The Association has no child/junior membership in place and
there are no plans for a junior membership to be introduced.
News
Autumn Sale Report
Copyright ©
1998 - 2020 Whitebred Shorthorn Association
Registered Office: FIFTEEN Rosehill, Montgomery Way, Rosehill Estate,
Carlisle CA1 2RW
Registered Charity No. 276217