http://www.blackbaud.com/company/california-consumer-privacy-act
California Consumer Privacy Act
Consumer RightsThe California Consumer Privacy Act is a law providing enhanced privacy rights and consumer protection for California consumers. The CCPA gives California consumers the right to:Know what personal information is being collected about them.Know whether their personal information is sold or disclosed and to whom.Say no to the sale of personal information.Access their personal information.Request a business delete their personal information.Not be discriminated against for exercising their privacy rights.For additional information about the California Consumer Privacy Act, please see https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpaWays We Collect DataBlackbaud collects personal information in a few different situations:Target Analytic®® collects data on individuals in the United States to provide non-profit customers with accurate information on their prospective constituents in the Social Good space. You are entitled to exercise all the rights below.About its prospective and current customers. Ordinarily, you’d have the right to opt out of sale, but we don’t sell this data.About its employees, job applicants, and contractors. You have the right to know what we collect about you and how we use it. You should have already received this notice, but it’s also available in the Policy Center on the hub (current employees) or by contacting us (applicants and contractors). We don’t sell this data either.To learn more about your rights, what data we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it, please read our privacy policy.Blackbaud acts as a service provider for many organizations in the social good community. If you would like to exercise your rights with respect to personal data that Blackbaud collects or maintains on behalf of a customer organization, please contact that organization directly. We cannot action these requests.Identity VerificationIn order to ensure the security and privacy of information we hold, all requests must first be authenticated using the form below. Please note that you will be asked to verify your identity via government-issued photo-identification.You may also contact us at this Toll-Free Phone Number: 1-866-I-OPT-OUTService Code: 220Exercise Your RightsIn the form below, you may exercise your rights using these 3 options:Access: By selecting this option, we will provide you with a data file containing all personal information collected and/or known about you.Opt Out: By selecting this option, you are requesting that Blackbaud does not sell your personal information (which is only ever sold to nonprofit organizations and one agency that serves the nonprofit community in direct marketing prospect acquisition).Deletion: By selecting this option, you are requesting that Blackbaud erase all personal information about you we have.