http://www.milliman.com/en/privacy-policy
Milliman Global Data Privacy Policy
Last updated March 2020
Milliman, Inc. and its affiliates (“Milliman”) take data privacy very seriously. This Privacy Policy sets out the principles governing Milliman’s use and protection of personal information that individuals and clients share with us (“Personal Data”) as well as describing the rights of individuals regarding their Personal Data.This Privacy Policy applies to Milliman’s data collection and use through this website and through its business operations.
Additional specific rules may apply in various jurisdictions.
For a list of those jurisdiction-specific privacy policies, please click here.
For individuals and clients residing outside of the United States who seek to transfer Personal Data from the EEA, the Isle of Man, Switzerland or the United Kingdom to the United States, please refer to our Privacy Shield disclosure here. Milliman as an organization is committed to handling Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection and privacy laws worldwide including, but not limited to, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Collection of Data
Aggregate Data
Like many companies, Milliman monitors the use of its websites by collecting aggregate data. No Personal Data is collected in this process. Typically, Milliman collects data about the number of visitors to the website, to each web page, and the originating domain name of the visitor's Internet Service Provider. This data is used to improve the usability, performance and effectiveness of Milliman’s website.
Cookies, Third Party Embedded Content and Do Not Track
For
more
detailed
information
describing
how
Milliman
uses
cookies
and
your
choices surrounding the use and opt out of such cookies, including information about third party embedded content on Milliman’s website and how Milliman responds to Do Not Track signals in browsers, please review our Cookie Policy which can be found here.
Processing of Personal Data
As we describe below in this Privacy Policy, we may collect, store and otherwise process Personal Data of visitors to our websites, employees, officers, partners or other representatives and agents of our clients, business partners, and other individuals.This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection and processing of Personal Data of job applicants and candidates or employees and non-employee workers.
The processing of such Personal Data is subject to specific privacy policies and notices that are communicated to individuals in the context of their candidacy, employment or working relationship with Milliman.
In certain situations, where required by applicable law, Milliman will seek your express consent to collect or process your Personal Data. You may withdraw that consent at any time by emailing Milliman at data.protection@milliman.com. If you provide us with Personal Data of another individual that requires consent, it is your duty to make sure that the individual has consented to or is appropriately informed about the processing of their Personal Data by Milliman.
The Personal Data we collect varies depending upon the nature of the services provided and our interactions with individuals.
In the context of the collection of data through this website, Milliman’s marketing activities and contract administration, we may collect the following categories of Personal Data(subject to applicable legal requirements and jurisdiction-specific privacy policies):
Name, contact information and other identifiers:
Visitors to our websites: we may collect the first name, last name, title, company, phone number,
location,
email
address,
subject
of
the
request
and
message
given
for
the purpose of the management of the relationship with clients and the administration of the website.
Clients’ representatives, officers, agents and employees, business partners, providers, parties to a contract: we may collect the name, professional address, title, email and other professional contact details, for contract administration purposes, to activate and maintain client
accounts,
to
fulfill
requests
or
respond
to
inquiries
about
Milliman
products
or services
and
to
provide
offers
and
information
(as
permitted
by
law)
about
products, services, or events offered by Milliman or that Milliman thinks may be of interest. Milliman may also use professional contact details of its clients’ employees for the purpose of sending surveys, questionnaires or for the purpose of organizing contests.
Personal Data from public resources:
We may also collect and process limited Personal Data about you from public resources (such
as
LinkedIn)
including
your
name/surname,
email
address,
telephone
number, organization,
title/position,
profession,
professional
interests,
to
allow
us
to
assess
a potential interest in our services and to contact you for marketing purposes.
Personal Data Collection on Milliman’s Proprietary Platforms
For some unique services, Milliman hosts and maintains its own proprietary software platforms (“Platforms”). These Platforms allow Milliman to offer enhanced services and specialized products to our customers. In some cases these software platforms may require the submission of Personal Data by customers. In cases where our data collection is materially different than described in this Privacy Policy, and may be subject to local data privacy laws, we will provide additional information regarding such data collection on the applicable Platforms.
Affiliates and Authorized Third-Party Agents
All Milliman websites, products, and services are provided in cooperation with Milliman, Inc., located in the U.S. Any Personal Data may be shared with Milliman, Inc. or other entities controlled by or under common control with Milliman, Inc. for purposes of centralization of Milliman’s administrative, contract management, CRM, IT maintenance, marketing and IT security practices, for the purpose of the website’s management and security, and to provide information about Milliman products, services, or events. We may also share Personal Data with affiliated entities using the MILLIMAN® mark, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Please note that we may be transferring your Personal Data to a country that does not have the same data protection laws as your home country. However, Milliman ensures that it and its affiliates will process Personal Data in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Milliman also may share Personal Data with authorized third-party agents or contractors that perform services for Milliman. If Milliman shares Personal Data with a third party, Milliman requires that those third parties agree to process Personal Data based on Milliman’s instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Any transfers of Personal Data are subject to appropriate safeguards that are compliant with jurisdiction-specific privacy laws.
Other Disclosures
Milliman may also disclose Personal Data and other related information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other lawful requests by public authorities, and to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Milliman may collect and share Personal Data in order to investigate or take action regarding illegal activities,
suspected fraud, violations of Milliman's Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law or regulation.
Security
Milliman stores Personal Data on a secure server that is password protected and shielded from unauthorized access by a firewall. Milliman has in place security policies that are intended to ensure the security and integrity of all Personal Data. Milliman has appropriate technical and organizational measures in place to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of Personal Data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, Personal Data held or processed by Milliman. If Milliman forwards Personal Data to any third party, Milliman requires that those third parties have appropriate technical and organizational measures in place to comply with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.
Data Retention
Milliman retains Personal Data only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or not prohibited by law. Milliman will delete your Personal Data once the purpose of the collection and processing of such Personal Data has been fulfilled and the adequate duration for documentation and backup storage of such Personal Data has lapsed. If you have unsubscribed from receiving marketing information from us, we will continue to maintain your Personal Data for any other purpose for which we still have legal grounds for processing such Personal Data (such as for the purposes of complying with a legal obligation or when the processing is necessary for the purpose of a legitimate interest of us). In certain cases, if no other legal grounds exist, we will maintain limited Personal Data (such as your email address) about you on record, so as to be able to ensure for the future that such marketing communications are no longer sent to you.
If you want to opt-out from a specific electronic communication service or marketing offer, you can unsubscribe at any time by using the opt-out link on such communication e-mail or send us an e-mail at: data.protection@milliman.com. Unsubscribing from a special service or product information may not automatically end the processing of your Personal Data by us unless we receive a specific e-mail request from you in this respect. Any complaints about un-solicited marketing communication can be sent by e-mail to Milliman at the same e-mail address.
Children
Milliman’s websites, products, and services are not directed to children, and Milliman does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children. If a parent or legal guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided Milliman with Personal Data without their consent, the parent or legal guardian should contact Milliman at data.protection@milliman.com, and Milliman will take steps to delete any such Personal Data.
Third-party Links
Milliman’s websites may provide links to other third-party websites that are outside of Milliman’s control and not covered by this Privacy Policy. Milliman is not responsible for the availability, content or accuracy, or privacy practices of other websites, products, services, or goods that may be linked to Milliman’s websites. Milliman encourages all users of its websites to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) sites.
Policy Updates
Milliman may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Milliman therefore asks all persons concerned to check it occasionally to ensure that they are aware of the most recent version.
How to Contact Us
If for any reason you wish to contact us, exercise your rights, or file a complaint, please refer to the jurisdiction-specific privacy policy.
You may also send an email to
data.protection@milliman.com. Complaints will be resolved internally in accordance with Milliman’s complaints procedures.
If you reside in California and have questions about the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, see the jurisdiction-specific privacy policies here.
Milliman and our third party website analytics and performance partners use cookies on our website that collect and use personal information (your IP address) in order to select and deliver statistical data on your use of our website and the pages your visit. By clicking “Accept” you consent to the placement and use of cookies by Milliman and our third party analytics partners for these purposes. Before you consent and in order to understand more details and choices surround how Milliman uses cookies you may click on our Cookie Policy. If you are comfortable accepting Cookies for analytics and performance purposes click “Accept.”
Accept
Cancel
Analytics and Performance
These Cookies are used by us or third-party service providers to analyze how the Sites are used and how they are performing. We use the following service providers and you can learn more about their privacy policies and how to opt-out of their cookies by clicking on these links:
AI Media: Privacy Policy
Google.com: Privacy Policy
Required Cookies
These Cookies are necessary for you to access and navigate our sites.
Social...
We use ‘social buttons’ to enable our users to share or bookmark web pages. These are buttons for third party social media sites. We use the following service providers and you can learn more about their privacy policies and how to opt-out of their cookies by clicking on these links:
Facebook.com: Privacy Policy
Google: Privacy Policy
LinkedIn.com: Privacy Policy
Twitter: Privacy Policy