https://www.pinnaclespeakers.com/privacy-policy/
Home Theater
Surround Sound Sytems
Best 5.1 Home Theater Systems
Best 7.1 Home Theater Systems
Best Satellite Speakers
Floor Standing Speakers
Best High-End Picks
Home Theater Subs under $200
Home Theater Subs under $500
Best In-Wall Speakers
Budget Bookshelf Speakers
Bookshelf Speakers Under $200
Bookshelf Speakers Under $500
Edifier R2000DB Active Bluetooth Bookshelf Speakers Review
Best Self-Powered Speakers
Computer Speakers
Best Computer Speakers under $100
Best Computer Speakers Under $50
Best Gaming Speakers
Best 2.1 Speakers with Subwoofers
Soundbars
Best Cheap Soundbars
Best Soundbars Under $200
Best Soundbars Under $300
Outdoor Speakers
Best Wireless Outdoor Speakers
Best Party Speakers
Wireless
Best Bluetooth Speakers Under $100
Best Bluetooth Speakers Under $50
Best Bluetooth Shower Speakers
Car Audio
Car Subs
8-Inch Subwoofers
10-inch Subwoofers
12-inch subwoofers
15 inch subwoofers
Best Underseat Subwoofer
Best Shallow Mount Subwoofers
Best Rockford Fosgate Subwoofers
Best Kicker Subwoofers
Best JL Audio Subwoofers
Best 6.5 Speakers
Best 6×9 Speakers
Privacy Policy
Pinnacle Speakers takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it. See this privacy policy primer to learn more about privacy policies in general.Routine Information CollectionAll web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.Cookies and Web BeaconsWhere necessary, Pinnacle Speakers uses cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.Controlling Your PrivacyNote that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms. This list of web browser privacy management links may also be useful.Special Note About Google AdvertisingAny advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising services. Learn how to opt out of Google’s cookie usage. As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google’s own privacy policies.Collected contact informationWe will not sell or share your personal information with third parties. We will use the information to respond to inquiries. From time to time, we may contact you about new content, products, services or events that are relevant to your interests.Contact InformationConcerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to barry@pinnaclespeakers.com for further clarification.
Keep up to date with our latest news and releases:
Share0
Tweet0
Pin0
About Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Amazon Associates DisclaimerAs an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.Copyright Text 2020, PinnacleSpeakers.com