http://www.aeri.com/privacy/
Toggle navigation
Toll Free
888.427.9111
Headquarters:
California, USA Global Offices: London, UK | Australia | France
Home
Quality
Products
Services
Testing
Excess Inventory Management
About
Why AERI
Our History
Case Studies
Our Team
Careers
Contact
Blog
Find it now
SEARCH
AERI – Privacy Policy
AERI understands that our customers’ privacy is of the utmost importance. Our company is committed to protecting the information we collect and limiting its use only to those purposes which will help our company serve our customers better. Please review our privacy policy to learn more about the information we collect and how it is used.
For any questions about our policy as presented on the website, feel free to contact our company at request@aeri.com.
Collection and Use of Customer Information
AERI collects customer information in several ways, including:
• Registration– AERI collects information when registering to use our website, including signing up for our company newsletter or email updates. We may collect information like names, telephone numbers, mailing addresses, and other data in order to better serve our many customers.
• Ordering products online – When you order products from the AERI website or request a quote from our online database, our company collects certain information to help streamline the ordering process and to complete purchases. We may save ordering histories and other information about the transactions our customers make on our website(s).
• Visits to the AERI website(s) – We collect information about how our site visitors interact with our company’s website(s). This may include IP addresses, pages visited, time spent viewing pages, and internal links clicked. We collect this information to learn more about user habits and trends, allowing us to improve the user experience on our website(s) and to diagnose any potential problems with site navigation.
• Surveys, Contests, and Polls – AERI may conduct customer surveys or polls in order to gauge interest in new products, company developments, and services the company offers. For these events, we may collect certain customer information. In the case of these events, participation is voluntary and you may choose whether or not to share personal information with our company.
• Cookies — cookies are small pieces of data some websites use to improve the visitor experience. These cookies may contain information about users, and are stored on the user’s hard drive. AERI does not currently use cookies on its website(s), but reserves the right to in the future.
Information Disclosure and Sharing
In an effort to protect customer information, AERI will not sell, rent, or distribute any of the information we collect through the use of our website(s). In general, we will not share information with any third-party, but there are exceptions that may require us to share some or all of the information we collect. These include:
• Information that helps process orders or service your customer account.
• Information requested through law enforcement agencies, government agencies, or legal action
• Anonymous information with our business and advertising partners. This information cannot be used to identify our customers and is not linked to personal data.
Links to External Websites
From time to time, AERI may link to external websites in an effort to give our customers detailed information on products or industry developments. AERI is in no way responsible for the privacy practices of the sites we link to, nor the content that those sites contain. We always encourage our customers to become familiar with the privacy policies of every website they visit to ensure data safety and security.
Security Strategy
AERI takes many steps to ensure the safety of our customer information. Our company uses state-of-the-art encryption software and physical safeguard such as restricting employee access to customer information. These procedural processes help insure that the information collected through the use of our website(s) are protected from loss or unwarranted access.
Information Updates
We value our customer interactions, and strive to provide the best service in the electronics industry. To that end, we want to make sure our customers are able to update the information we have collected. If you would like to make corrections, update, or remove any of the information provided to us through the use of the AERI website, do not hesitate to contact us at request@aeri.com. We will review your information request and make the changes as desired.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
In an effort to improve customer service, AERI reserves the right to modify or change our privacy policy at any time without notice. Any changes or modifications will apply to the information we have collected both present and past. We encourage our customers to review the policy as posted. By reading our privacy policy and by using our website, you hereby acknowledge receipt of the policy and your consent to it as posted.
Site Map
Terms of Sale
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Copyright © 2020 AERIAll rights reserved.
Newsletter Signup
Email*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Certifications
Copyright © 2020 AERI All rights reserved.