http://www.lbocpa.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION ON OUR CONCERN FOR PROTECTING YOUR RIGHTS UNDER FEDERAL PRIVACY LAWS.
Introduction
CPAs and other providers of financial services are now required by law to inform their clients of their policies regarding privacy of client information.
LBO and our affiliated entities are bound by professional standards of confidentiality. This is why we would like to take this opportunity to explain to you that as a client of the firm, you can feel confident that we are committed to safeguarding your personal information.
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust and confidence is one of our highest priorities. Please take a few moments to read the following Privacy Policy.
Types of Information We Collect
We collect and maintain data and personal information about you from information you supply to us, or authorize us to obtain from third parties, or through information we obtain over the course of your business relationship with us, our affiliates, and others. In addition, we may from time to time receive information about you from a consumer reporting agency.
Personal information is information that we collect from you that is not otherwise available from public sources. The categories of personal information we collect include the following:
Information we receive from you from your tax organizer, tax return, worksheets, documents and discussions;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others, such as your account balances, investments, current and prior tax information;
Information that we obtain and develop as part of the engagement.
Parties to Whom We Disclose Information
Because of the confidentiality requirements of the accounting profession, we do not share with persons outside our firm any information, which you may supply to us or authorize us to obtain from third parties. We do, however, share such information with individuals within our firm or its affiliated entities.
To the extent permitted by law and any applicable state Code of Professional Conduct requirements, certain non-public information about you may be disclosed in the following situations:
Upon your written request;
To those third parties with whom you have chosen to do business and have authorized us to communicate with on your behalf;
To an outside service bureau that assists us in providing tax return preparation services for you;
To an outside records-retention agency retained by us to store prior year records;
To governmental agencies (such as Federal and State taxing authorities) in representation of your interests:
To the individuals and firms that conduct our in-house inspections and peer reviews;
To Federal or State regulatory authorities which oversee the accounting profession;
To the disciplinary authorities of the AICPA or state CPA societies;
To comply with a lawfully issued subpoena or court order or as part of any actual or threatened legal proceeding, or alternative dispute resolution proceeding, either initiated by or against us.
Notwithstanding the above, in conjunction with a prospective purchase, sale or merger of all or part of our practice, we may disclose certain non-public personal information about you provided that we take appropriate precautions (for example, through a written confidentiality agreement) so as the prospective purchaser or merger partner does not disclose information obtained in the course of the review.
Confidentiality and Security of Non-Public Personal Information
Except as otherwise described in this notice, we limit access to non-public personal information about you to employees of our firm and other parties who must use that information to provide services to you.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to assure the confidentiality of your information.
As we move forward in developing new products and services and improving our existing services, we will continue to maintain our dedication to assuring that your information is properly safeguarded.
If you have any questions about our policies designed to protect the privacy of your confidential information, please call us at 631.864.5206.