http://www.suzukicycles.com/legalnotices.aspx
Suzuki Home
FOLLOW
SUIVRE
SUZUKI:
FOLLOW
SUZUKI:
English|Français
Suzuki Cycles
Cycles
Scooters
ATVs
Accessories
Racing
Site Search
Dealer Search
Hide Search Popup
Search Textbox
Popular Searches
Sport Bike
Racing Gear
Performance
Rider Safety
Body Name
Legal Notices
Limitation on Scope of Content
This Suzuki Website contains information regarding Suzuki Motor of America, Inc. (Suzuki) and its products and promotional programs. The Suzuki vehicles described in this site contain uniquely American specifications and equipment and are offered for sale only in the U.S.A. (excluding Hawaii). The promotional programs described in this site are available only in those states and territories of the U.S. (excluding Hawaii, Guam, and Puerto Rico) specifically referred to within the description of the program. All pricing information referred to in this site is in U.S. dollars.
No Representation or Warranty
Suzuki reserves the right to modify the information contained in this site at any time without notice. While Suzuki makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that all material on this site is correct, accuracy cannot be guaranteed and Suzuki does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of any information contained in this site. This site, and all information and materials contained herein, are provided to you "as is" and without warranty of any kind. This site may contain hypertext links to other World Wide Web sites which are completely independent of this site. Suzuki makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of the information contained in any such hypertext link, and any hypertext link to the World Wide Web site of another person or entity shall not in any manner be construed as endorsement by Suzuki of such person's or entity's World Wide Web site, products or services. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. Your confidential use of this site cannot be guaranteed by Suzuki. Suzuki shall not be responsible for any harm that you or any person may suffer as a result of a breach of confidentiality with respect to your use of this site or any information you transmit to this site.
Transmission of Information
Transmission of information through our website can be unstable, unreliable and insecure. Suzuki makes every effort to ensure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information using industry-accepted data collection and encryption methodologies such as SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) and PGP (Pretty Good Privacy); there is a risk however, that information may be intercepted illegally.
Business Transactions
Suzuki and / or its subsidiaries and affiliates may acquire other businesses, and another company may acquire Suzuki, its subsidiaries or affiliates or substantially all of its or their assets such as through a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase.
If that occurs, the information we collect may be one of the assets examined or transferred as part of the transaction.
We will not permit another business to examine the information we have collected without a confidentiality agreement.
We will not transfer the information we have collected unless the acquirer of all or substantially all of the assets of Suzuki, and / or its subsidiaries and affiliates, agrees to provide the same or substantially similar privacy protections as those established by this privacy policy.
So long as the acquirer of all or substantially all of the assets of Suzuki, and / or its subsidiaries and affiliates, agrees to be bound by the same or substantially similar privacy protections as those established by this privacy policy, we may transfer such information without any restrictions or conditions of any kind.
Trademark Ownership
You may use the information, text, or graphics contained in this site only for your personal use and may not reproduce, adapt or publish it, in whole or in part, for any purpose without the express written consent of Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) or Suzuki. The Suzuki mark and design are registered trademarks of SMC, and are used by license agreement with Suzuki. The Suzuki mark and design may not be used, downloaded, copied, or distributed in any way without the express written consent of SMC or Suzuki. Certain images are provided by eVox Productions, LLC. These images are ©eVox Productions, LLC. 2003-2004. All rights reserved.
No Offer to Sell or Lease; Consent to Terms of Online Privacy and Use Policy
All of the information contained in this site is for information purposes only and in no way constitutes an offer to buy or sell Suzuki products. The purchase of any Suzuki vehicle or engine shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable sale, lease or retail installment contract. The MSRPs (Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Prices) listed in this site exclude destination charges, government fees and dealer charges. This site shall not be used or relied upon by you as a substitute for information that is available to you from an authorized Suzuki Motorcycle, ATV, or Marine dealer or Automobile Service Provider.
You may contact Suzuki by telephone at 714-572-1490 or by mail at Suzuki Motor of America, Inc., Attn: Customer Service, 3251 E. Imperial Highway, Brea, CA 92821-6795.
Motorcycles
KATANA
Sportbike
Cruiser
Touring
Standard
Adventure
DualSport
Supermoto
Motocross
Off Road
Scooters
Scooters
ATV
Utility Sport
Youth
Accessories
Manuals
Dealers
Locate a Dealer
Special Offers
Demo a Suzuki
Become a Dealer
Racing
Motocross
Road Racing
Off Road
About Suzuki
History
News
Events
Owners
Safety Recalls
On Suzuki Magazine
SuzukiCARE
SUZUKI SOCIAL
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram
Accessibility |
Contact Us | Newsletters | Privacy Statement | Do Not Sell My Personal Information | Legal Notices | Supplier Code of Conduct | Press | Careers | Rider Education
Motorcycle ATV | Marine
For your safety, always wear a helmet, eye protection, and protective clothing when riding any motorcycle or ATV.  Never ride under the influence of alcohol or other drugs.  Study your owner's manual and always inspect your Suzuki before riding.  Take a riding skills course.  For the MSF street course nearest you, call 1-800-446-9227.  Off-road riders can enroll in the DirtBike SchoolSM by calling 1-877-288-7093.  ATV riders can call the SVIA at 1-800-852-5344 and we’ll even pay for the training. Suzuki engineered the GSX-Rs™, Hayabusa, and the QuadSport Z400 for experienced riders.
Specifications, appearances, equipment, color, features, materials and other items of “SUZUKI” products shown are subject to change by manufacturer at any time without notice.
Suzuki, the “S” logo, and Suzuki model and product names are Suzuki Trademarks or ®. © 2020 Suzuki Motor of America, Inc.
Suzuki Motor of America, Inc. ("SMAI") uses cookies on this site to ensure the best browsing experience by optimizing site functionality, analyzing site activity, and personalizing your experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to SMAI’s use of cookies. For more information, please view SMAI's Privacy Policy.
Continue
As an essential provider of quality motor vehicles, service, parts, and related safety equipment, we know that you count on Suzuki to be there for you, every day. We want to assure you, our customers, that you remain our top priority, always. During this critical time, Suzuki will continue its operations in order to meet your essential transportation needs.
Contact your local Suzuki powersports dealer for questions concerning service, parts, accessories, or the need for a new Suzuki motorcycle or ATV. Please note, Suzuki motorcycle and ATV dealers are independently owned and operated businesses, and may be subject to local directives. Contact information for Suzuki powersports dealers in the continental United States and Alaska is available on this website. Many Suzuki dealers are now able to deliver products directly to your location. Reach out to your local dealer for more information.
Stay Safe. Keep a Healthy Distance. Enjoy your Suzuki.
Close