http://www.garaventa.ca/en/privacy-policy.html
Contact Us 1 800 663 6556
EN ES
DSS Login
Professionals' Space
Architect & Builder Resources AIA Continuing Education
Toggle navigation
SolutionsPublic AccessibilityHome AccessibilityComfort & LifestyleProductsAll ProductsHome ElevatorElvoron LULAVertical Platform LiftInclined Platform LiftPortable Lift & Evacuation ChairServicesGaraventa LiftGaraventa Lift GroupGaraventa Lift North AmericaRegional BranchesNews / Latest installationsWork With UsPartners & LinksContactDSS Login
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Garaventa Lift
Garaventa Lift and its subsidiaries are responsible for all websites, computer and mobile applications and social media accounts or pages associated with this privacy policy. We are committed to respecting the privacy of the individuals whose personal information we collect.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices in handling personal data that is collected through the websites, computer and mobile applications from Garaventa Lift, if there is no separate privacy policy for such websites, computer or mobile applications. It also relates to personal data Garaventa Lift may be collecting from their websites, computer and mobile applications and processed separately, such as by e-mail or by other means. By providing us with personal and/or other data or using our websites, apps, social media pages, business transactions or product or service offerings, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
What personal information is collected by Garaventa Lift?
"Personal information" is information relating to an identified or identifiable person. The personal information that Garaventa Lift may collect from you will depend on the type of interaction you have with us. Garaventa Lift can capture the following for example:
names
Business contact information, including the name of your company, your title and your function, your work e-mail address, street and / or PO Box address, your work or the phone numbers in your work and other data to keep you in your work contact
Profile picture
Social Media Account ID or user ID, device ID or position encoded data
Special data, how they interact with you or your company with products and services of Garaventa Lift, including your personal product preferences.
If you are a retail customer, Garaventa Lift can record your name and personal contact information, such as your address, e-mail address or telephone number. If you are a private or business tenant, employee or contractor of a tenant or guest in a building in which a Garaventa Lift product is installed or Garaventa Lift service contract exists or Garaventa Lift services are performed, Garaventa Lift may collect personal information about you from our building customers capture (such as the owner, service provider or building security company). Garaventa Lift can also detect geographic location data and other security authentication data from your personal computer or telephone, giving access to a facility or Garaventa Lift systems that are installed in a building.
How does Garaventa Lift use the personal information collected?
Personal information collected will be used to:
Provide customized services and content that are relevant to your specific needs and interests.
Fulfil contractual obligations, such as to allow to activate built-in features of our product service offerings.
Provide notice, such as to request for building access for special product or service activity.
Verify your identity in order to ensure the safety of any of the other purposes described herein, or to give you access to a website, application, social media page.
Develop new services to improve the quality of our products or improve the user experience. To provide a personalised user experience and to better prepare future content based on user interests and those of other users.
Communicate with you regarding new and modified products and services offered by Garaventa Lift.
Enable you to apply for employment opportunities and / or evaluate your interest in employment with Garaventa Lift.
Answer any legitimate legal request of law enforcement or other government regulatory agencies and comply with any other legal requirements in any terms.
Investigate a suspected or actual illegal activity and contrast.
Avoid injury, or financial loss.
Provide any necessary information regarding a business change that might affect the person, the product or the service provided by Garaventa lift.
Conduct investigations to ensure that the legal requirements are complied with.
Garaventa Lift may use your personal information for legitimate business interests in order to fulfil a legal obligation or our contractual obligations.
How does Garaventa Lift use your personal information to contact you?
In addition to us contacting you about your product, Garaventa Lift can also use the collected data to communicate with you about new and/or modified products and services offered by Garaventa Lift or to provide you with other offers. Garaventa Lift ensures that the entire marketing communications will provide you an easy way to opt out of communication or cancel it.
Does Garaventa Lift forward the collected data to third parties?
Garaventa Lift will not sell your personal data nor in any other way share it with any third-party outside the Garaventa Lift Group except:
To service providers who provide services for Garaventa Lift or on our behalf or on behalf of our building’s customers. Garaventa Lift will disclose your personal information only to those third parties that were contractually bound by Garaventa Lift, not to use the data or to pass, unless and to the extent necessary for the performance of services by third parties on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. These third-party may include cloud service providers, system providers, software providers and other service providers.
To meet legal obligations, including but not limited to in response to a legitimate legal request of law enforcement or other government regulators.
To investigate a suspected or actual illegal activity.
To avoid injury, or financial loss.
To provide any necessary information regarding change in the business or any part of our business.
In respect of customers who interact with Garaventa Lift on the social media sites, Garaventa Lift may extend the above in connection with your social sharing activity in which the subject of this activity is Garaventa Lift. In addition, if the information on information boards, in chat rooms, on profile pages, blogs and other services to which you can post information and material actually announced, all such information that you disclose through such services or disclose publicly and the general public are also included in the above.
Does Garaventa Lift forward personal data to other countries?
Since Garaventa Lift is a global company with operations in many different countries, we can transfer your data from one entity to another or from one country to another in order to achieve the purposes listed above. We will forward your personal information in accordance with applicable legal requirements and only to the extent needed.
Does Garaventa Lift use cookies or other tracking techniques?
Garaventa Lift may use cookies on its web pages and applications. Cookies are small text files that are sent to the computers of users and stored there. They allow websites to recognize repeated users, to facilitate their access to the website’s users, and allow sites to compile collecting data that enables improvements of the content. Cookies do not damage computers or files of users. If you do not want access to this and other websites or applications from Garaventa Lift cookies on your computer, you should adjust the settings on your browser or system in your electronic device so that you reject or disable the use of cookies. Please remember that if you do this, it may prove impossible to take full advantage of the functions of websites computing and mobile applications and social media from Garaventa Lift.
Does Garaventa Lift use Analytics?
This website uses Google Analytics, a Google Inc. ("Google") offered analytics service. Google Analytics uses "cookies" to help the website to analyse the type of site usage by users on your computer. The text file generated by the cookie contains information about your website usage (including your IP address), this is created and stored by Google servers which are in the United States. Google uses this information to evaluate your site usage, compile reports on website activity for the website operator and provides other services related to the website activity and internet usage. Unless otherwise required by law or on behalf of Google process, the Google information can also be transferred to third parties. Google will not associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser. However, please note that in this case you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you agree to the processing of data by Google in the manner and for the purposes described above. You can prevent the acquisition and transmission of Analytics data by installing the necessary Google software
"Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on."
For more information please look at Google’s Analytics Data privacy page.
What you need to know about the links of third parties that may appear on this site?
In some instances, Garaventa Lift may provide links to websites that are not controlled by Garaventa Lift. Garaventa Lift tries to identify it as such. However, Garaventa Lift does not control such websites and cannot be held responsible for the content or applied from other websites privacy practices and content.
How long does Garaventa Lift keep personal data?
Garaventa Lift will retain personal information only if they are needed to meet contractual and legal obligations. If personal data are not subject to contractual or legal obligations, Garaventa Lift picks it up if it is necessary for the original purpose for which it was collected. Personal data collected online to a user who has not accessed a website, application or social media for Garaventa Lift will be deleted within a reasonable time from our files, if applicable law does not prohibit it, or the personal data is needed to fulfil our contractual necessary or legal duties.
What are your rights regarding your personal data?
Individuals can always ask to review the data they have submitted Garaventa Lift, to update, correct, modify or delete. Garaventa Lift will provide a rapid response and endeavour to meet such requests, unless this not a possibility by law or according to the contract or restrictions made by competing privacy interests. Garaventa Lift tries to update data in time and will remove your personal information from the Garaventa Lift files if necessary, in accordance with legal requirements. Garaventa Lift is taking steps to protect the privacy and security of the user verifying the identity of the user before the requested change is made. If you want to access your personal information, want to change or delete them, when you wish to report a problem with the website, ask questions or want to direct concern to us, please send an e-mail to Garaventa Lift at the address
privacy@garaventalift.com.
Some media accounts of our websites, apps and social enable you to make corrections directly on the website without having to deal with this via Garaventa Lift.
In certain countries, such as those in the European Union, you have the right to file a complaint with the data protection authority of your state or country.
Please remember that while we help you to protect your personal data, it's up to you to protect your passwords and other login information from others.
INFORMATION FOR CERTAIN GROUPS OR PEOPLE
For parents and legal guardians
Although the Garaventa Lift website is not directed at children, Garaventa Lift takes the responsibility to comply with all applicable laws and requirements, such as the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act in the United States (law to protect the online privacy of children) and the Data Protection Regulation in the European Union. Garaventa Lift does not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If Garaventa Lift learns that personal information from a child under 13 has been provided, this data is deleted from the Garaventa Lift systems.
How could Garaventa Lift change this policy?
As part of the expansion and improvement of this site, it may be necessary to update these guidelines. This policy may be amended from time to time without prior notice. Therefore, we recommend that you review these guidelines periodically for changes.
How can you get in touch with Garaventa Lift?
If you have general questions about Garaventa Lift privacy practices, please send an e-mail to
privacy@garaventalift.com.
How can we help you? We process the information given here only to answer your request.
IMPORTANT:
Safety notice for current owners of Garaventa Lift residential elevators.
Contact Us 1 800 663 6556
<{literal}>