http://www.harrisandassociates.com/pub/privacy-statement/
Follow Us
Innovators Podcast
Join Meeting
About
Our Firm
Consultants
Partnerships
Practices
Higher Education
Academic Medicine
Research
Healthcare Administration
Searches
Success Stories
Publications
Contact
About
Consultants
Partnerships
Practices
Higher EducationAcademic MedicineResearchHealthcare Administration
Searches
Success Stories
Publications
Contact
Join Meeting
Privacy Statement
Harris Search Associates (“Harris Search Associates” “we,” or “our”) is a national retained executive search firm whose principal place of business is 4236 Tuller Road, Dublin OH 43017
Privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this statement to communicate transparently how we collect, use, and share (“process”) any information which relates to individuals who visit this website www.harrisandassociates.com
(the “Site”) or individuals who provide us with information as part of the services we provide (“Personal Data”).
Where we collect any information from individuals in the European Union (EU) for the purpose of providing services to that individual, under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) (“GDPR”) and the related and applicable legislation, Harris
Search Associates is the data controller for such Personal Data collected, and Harris Search Associates is the representative in the EU.
Scope
This statement addresses our practices for handling the Personal Data we process as a result of your use of the Site or our services. Harris Search Associates collects relevant Personal Data voluntarily provided by people such as clients, candidates,
sources, referees, and nominators in the course of providing our services. We also collect Personal Data through technology embedded in the Site, as well as other data sources. We are dedicated to protecting this Personal Data in accordance
with applicable privacy laws and industry standards.
Through the Site, users may be able to link to other third-party websites who provide useful information, or who have agreed to offer goods and services to website users. This Statement does not apply to these other third-party websites. Any Personal
Data you provide on the linked pages is subject to that third party's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of websites to which we link. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of third-party
websites.
Categories of Data We Collect
Harris Search Associates will collect and process information that you provide by filling out forms on the Site; this includes information provided when participating in our services or requesting further information. We may also ask you for information
when you report a problem with the Site. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to participate. Technical details of your visits to the Site, including traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, and
resources you access may, be collected. This may or may not include Personal Data.
How We Collect Personal Data
Data Collected from You
Harris Search Associates collects Personal Data on the Site and other online means through information voluntarily sent to us (i.e., through a survey or an application for a position with one of our clients). Typically, this will be through online
forms, which may include the following activities: user registration, employment application or resume submission, contact requests, and surveys. The Personal Data collected may include some or all of the following: name, address, telephone
number, e-mail addresses, job title, employment history, and other pertinent information voluntarily provided as part of the application process.
When we speak with candidates about their credentials, we may collect additional Personal Data in order to evaluate required experience and qualifications. We may also collect Personal Data in preparation for the interview process.
Data Collected from Others
We receive information from clients or individuals affiliated with the client’s organization, as well as nominators and other sources. This may include Personal Data of candidates, participants, or sources. Data collected can include job title,
contact details, or position description, or other information to aid in the assessment of candidates and the provision of our services.
We collect and receive unsolicited resumes and CVs through third parties. We also collect information proactively from public internet sources and licensed databases. We may contact potential candidates we find through these research and networking
exercises.
Data Collected from Technology
Some Personal Data is collected automatically when you visit the Site. When any visitor links or connects to the Site, our web server automatically recognizes the visitor’s domain name and e-mail address where possible.
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Site as a convenience to users so that users are not required to input the same information in different parts of the Site or on repeat visits to the Site. Cookies
are small text files that are transferred from your browser to a web server which a website can use to recognize a repeat visitor.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, which gives you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. While we use cookies to track your visit to the Site, our web
servers automatically log the IP/internet address of your computer.
If you are only browsing the Site and have not logged in, we will not ask you to directly submit any Personal Data. However, certain information (which may be considered Personal Data) - including computer and connection information, browser type
and version, operating system. platform details, and the time of accessing the Site – will be automatically collected.
Why We Collect Your Personal Data
We collect and process Personal Data for our legitimate business interests in providing users with services, for internal marketing purposes, to improve the content of our Site, and for generally accepted business purposes such as data analysis.
Our processing of Personal Data collected from the Site is based primarily on this justification. However, some uses of Personal Data are necessary to comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements.
More specifically, we regularly use Personal Data about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from the Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
To provide you with information, products, and services you request from us or which we feel may interest you. For example, we may retain your Personal Data on file so that we can determine whether there are other positions for which we believe
you may be qualified, and to contact you regarding those positions
To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Site
To notify you about changes to our services
To protect the integrity of the Site, our Services, and our reputation
To prosecute or defend legal claims
To protect other users of the Site, and to ensure no unlawful or unethical activity occurs through our systems
In business transactions as they arise
As required by applicable law or in response to a legal request for information; Additionally, we use technology to help us enhance the Site and to deliver more personalized and improved service. For example, we use information (which can include
Personal Data)
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern
To store information about preferences which allows us to customize the Site according to individual interests
To speed up Site searches
To recognize you when you return to the Site
We occasionally carry out market research and business development. A third party might help us to do this. More specifically, we use the web analytics services of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies. Google Analytics does not
provide us with personally identifiable data; it provides us with aggregate data on the usage of our website.
The information generated by such a cookie is transmitted and stored by Google to servers in the United States of America (US). If IP-anonymization is activated on our website, your IP-address will be abridged by Google within the EU territory
and the European economic area. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating use of our website and will compile reports relating to website activity.
We will collect and use Personal Data with the objective of fulfilling the purposes specified as stated in this Statement or for other compatible purposes. Should these purposes change, we will provide you notice of this change in purpose, at
which time, where allowed by applicable law, you may exercise your right to object to such processing.
Security
We will protect Personal Data by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. While we have implemented safeguards, you should be aware that internet security
technology rapidly changes. We cannot guarantee that the safeguards we employ today can protect your information from the threats of tomorrow. You should also be aware that despite our efforts, factors beyond our control may result in disclosure
of Personal Data. Accordingly, we are not in a position to guarantee that your information will be secure under all circumstances.
Summary of Your Rights
You will have the choice whether or not to disclose such Personal Data in the above activities. However, if you do not provide us with complete information, we may not be able to process or fulfill your request. By submitting information to us,
you are representing that it is accurate.
We collect, process, and maintain information in the United States, where privacy laws may not be as protective as in your home country. Users who provide us with Personal Data from a country in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) should understand
that the transfer of their information to the United States for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with this Statement and the purposes required to carry out the purposes and functions relating to their application is done so
for the purpose of fulfilling contractual obligations between the individual and us.
You have rights regarding how we process your Personal Data. You may contact us at privacy@harrisandassociates.com if you would like to object to your Personal Data being processed, or if you
would like your Personal Data corrected, amended or deleted.
However, please note that your rights may be counter to similar rights other individuals, or even Harris Search Associates have to data. Where specified by law, your exercise of rights may be limited or refused where your attempt to exercise such
rights is in an unresolvable conflict with another’s equal or greater rights.
Disclosing Your Personal Data
We may disclose your Personal Data to our clients when you respond to their posting or position. For other clients, we may disclose your Personal Data in order to determine whether the other client may be interested in an individual with your
qualifications. This is in our mutual interest in helping you find employment.
We may disclose Personal Data in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of
Harris Search Associates, our clients, or the public. Information, including Personal Data, may be disclosed as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets or acquisition.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services, or as otherwise required by law. If you wish to request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at privacy@harrisandassociates.com.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Harris Search Associates is committed to providing you complete and current information about the Site, so that you are aware of the information Harris Search Associates collects, how it is used, and under what circumstances it may be disclosed.
If you do not consent to the terms of this Statement, you should exit the Site now.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, please contact us at privacy@harrisandassociates.com