http://www.vcu.com/security-privacy--fees
Schedule an Appointment
Open a New Account
Add/Modify an Account
Upgrade My Checking
Apply for a Loan
Request a Debit or ATM Card
Reorder Checks
Stop My Electronic Debit
Report a Lost/Stolen Card
Dispute a Card Transaction
Buy a Car
Buy a Home
Improve My Home
Apply for a Credit Card
Pay for College
Get an Insurance Quote
Get a Life Insurance Quote
Membership & Account Agreement
Fee Schedule
Previous
Next
Security & Privacy
Ah…security and privacy… This is certainly the opposite of The Fun Stuff, but still very necessary. Ensuring the security and privacy of your personal and financial information is the most important responsibility we have, and we take it very seriously.
That’s why we’ve included this section, where you’ll find statements and notices about our stance on your security and privacy. You’ll also find service and user agreements, browser recommendations and other necessary stuff.
Fun? Not really, but it’s here to bring you peace-of-mind that Vantage Credit Union is taking good care of your most important information…and keep the legal types happy!
Your Information Security is Our PriorityInternet Security Practices StatementPatriot ActPrivacy NoticeCorrespondence Authentication CodesBrowser & Device RecommendationsFinancial Statement NoticeElectronic Suite of Services AgreementeSign Consent AgreementElectronic Document Delivery AgreementMobile Wallet Terms & Conditions
Don’t Get Swindled! Five Fraud Trends to Avoid
UPDATED: Important Message About COVID-19
The Do & Don’ts of Email Safety
While we like to provide our members with links to relevant and informative information, we need to let you know you’re about to leave the Vantage Credit Union site for an alternate site that’s not owned or managed by us. As such, we’re not responsible for the entire content of this alternate site. We’re also not responsible for any agreement or interactions between you and this alternate site. Our privacy and security policies may also differ from those practiced by this alternate site.
Things you need to know before you proceed.
Accept
or
cancel
You’re leaving our site for the site of one of our service partners, who provides independent products and services to our members. This alternate site isn’t owned or managed by Vantage Credit Union, therefore, we’re not responsible for its entire content. Vantage is also not responsible for any agreement or interaction between you and this alternate site, and our privacy and security policies may also differ from those practiced by this site.
Accept
or
cancel