http://www.pearlmeyer.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Top
Cookie Notification
Cookie Notification
We use cookies to collect information about how our website is used and to improve the visitor experience. You can change your browser’s cookie settings at any time. Please review our privacy policy for more information. OK
Why Pearl MeyerOur Philosophy
Our Approach
Our Commitment
Our Clients
Global Reach
Our Role
Advisory ServicesConsulting ServicesExecutive Compensation
Director Compensation
Compensation Governance
Employee Compensation
Compensation Communication
Specialized ExpertiseBy Industry
High-growth Start-Ups
Mergers and Acquisitions
Restructuring
Salary SurveysRunning Your Salary Survey
Salary Survey Portfolio
By Industry
Meet our Team
Knowledge Share
Contact Us
Careers
Salary Surveys
Login
Blog
Enter your keywords
Search
You are hereHomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
cta
left
This notice provides information about the privacy policies and practices of Pearl Meyer & Partners, LLC ("Pearl Meyer"). Because your privacy is very important to us, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding how the information you share with us through our website is collected, used, and maintained.
We do not sell your information to third parties. We also maintain policies, procedures, and technical measures that are intended to secure and manage the responsible handling of collected information and to comply with US, UK, and EU data privacy regulations. The examples below of information we collect are intended to illustrate our information practices; they are not intended to be exhaustive.
You do not need to take any action as a result of this privacy policy, but you do have certain rights as described below. We recommend that you check this privacy policy regularly for any relevant updates.
This privacy policy was last updated on April 23, 2018.
Our Website Policies and Practices for Website Visitors and Registered Members
Information We Collect From Website Visitors and Registered Members
1. Information You Provide
Completing forms or registering on our website may require you to give us both your personally-identifiable information as well as basic information about your company. Such personal information may include name, email address, and phone number. This allows you to access content available only to registered members and/or to ask specific questions you may have about our services and products. When you provide this information you will be asked to consent to Pearl Meyer processing your submitted personal information for the purposes set out below and will be asked whether you want to opt-in to future communication from Pearl Meyer (see below for further details).
In certain circumstances, you must provide your personal information in compliance with a statutory requirement, a contractual requirement, or as necessary in order to enter into a contract with us. We will inform you where this is the case at the time of collecting your personal information and the consequences of not providing the information.
How We Use the Information You Provide
We use this information to help improve our site to reflect your interests and deliver personalized information to you. If you have provided your consent to us doing so, we may also use contact information from the online registration process to send you information about our company, our thought leadership content, and to keep you informed of services in which you might be interested. Your information may also be used to reach you, when necessary, regarding questions you may have about our services.
When We Share the Information You Provide
We share or disclose your personal information when necessary to provide the above services, where you have consented to us doing so, or in order to conduct our business operations, as set out below. The parties with whom we may share your personal information and why, are as follows:
Subsidiaries of Pearl Meyer.
Third Party Service Providers: We may share your personal information with service providers who support Pearl Meyer in the successful completion of contractual services acting on our behalf.
Third Parties by Law: We may share or disclose your personal information if we believe it is required, including: (i) to comply with applicable laws, litigation or requests from governmental authorities, (ii) for the purposes of national security, law enforcement or issues of public importance, or (iii) in the event of a re-organization, merger, sale, acquisition, assignment, or other disposition of all or a portion of our business, assets or shares.
2. Information Your Browser Provides
Pearl Meyer, like many websites, uses "cookies" (a small text file placed on the user's computer) to facilitate site navigation, maintain quality of online service, provide additional security, and allow the customization of your access to Pearl Meyer. The cookies automatically collect information about your computer hardware and software, which can include browser type, access times, and Internet Protocol (IP) address. Pearl Meyer does not use website cookies to collect information from third party websites that you may visit or allow 3rd parties to set cookies on the Pearl Meyer website.
How We Use the Information Your Browser Provides
Pearl Meyer may monitor aggregate user traffic patterns and site usage to help provide enhancements to the user experience on our website. Pearl Meyer may also use cookies to track customer or user requests, inquiries, and traffic patterns or to determine audience size and repeated usage.
Pearl Meyer may make use of cookies to store information and prepare customized pages or other personalized aspects of its services. Pearl Meyer may also personalize your user experience by using information about your interests to recommend other services or content that might be of interest to you.
Where cookies are not necessary for us to provide the services you have requested or for the functioning of the website, we will ask you to consent to their use. However, rejecting cookies may diminish your browsing experience and prevent you from using certain functions. You may have to repeatedly enter information to be able to access specific content on the website. In general, cookies allow Pearl Meyer to identify you as a particular user and thus provide you with a more customized website experience.
You may wish to know more about cookies. Below are examples of useful resources that will provide you with detailed information about the types of cookies, how they are used, and how you manage your cookie preferences: www.whatarecookies.com or www.aboutcookies.org.
Future Communications to Website Visitors and Registered Members
Some demographic and profile data is collected at our site. This information helps us deliver information tailored to your needs.
You will be asked to opt-in and subscribe to receive future communications from us regarding our services and products when completing a form on the Pearl Meyer website. You may elect to discontinue use of our service as a “registered member.” To opt-out of future communications, you may click “Unsubscribe” in marketing emails at any time or contact us at dataprivacy@pearlmeyer.com to unsubscribe from our registered user database.
Further, at any time after you have submitted personally identifiable information to us, you may contact us at dataprivacy@pearlmeyer.com to:
Access: You may request access to information we have collected regarding you or your company. We will respond to your request as soon as possible and (except for in certain circumstances) within one month.
Correction: You may notify us of changes to your information if inaccurate or it needs to be updated.
Deletion: You may elect to have information we have collected on you deleted from our registered user database.
Restriction: You may request that we stop processing your personal information (other than storing it), if: (i) you are verifying the accuracy of it; (ii) you believe the processing is against the law; (iii) you believe we no longer need your information for the purposes identified to you; or (iv) you are verifying whether our legitimate grounds to process your personal information, override your own rights.
Transfer: If you wish to transfer your information to another organization as a data controller and certain conditions are satisfied, you may ask us to do so, and we will send it directly if we have the technical means.
Withdraw Consent: If you previously gave us your consent to process your personal information for a particular purpose, you can contact us to let us know that you withdraw that consent at any time.
If you request any such changes, we will contact you by email to confirm those changes.
We do not carry out any automated processing, which may lead to an automated decision based on your personal information.
This site contains links to other sites. No information collected on the Pearl Meyer site is shared with or provided to these other sites. Pearl Meyer is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Please see our website terms of use for more information about our online terms and policies.
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. This period will be seven (7) years from the original date of collection unless contractual requirements, litigation requirements, or governmental requests dictate otherwise. When we no longer need your personal information, we will securely delete or destroy it.
EU Residents - International Transfers
We are an international organization and we may transfer your personal information outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) to the United States for the purpose of successfully completing contractual services. Where such country does not offer the same level of data protection as your country of residence, we take measures to ensure an appropriate level of protection for your personal information (namely standard contractual clauses, robust security measures, and using Privacy Shield certified platforms to manage all data subject data).
Security
We use commercially reasonable physical, procedural, and technical safeguards to deter unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure of individually identifiable information. We train and instruct our employees that information must be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and any misuse by employees is subject to disciplinary action.
Contacting Pearl Meyer Regarding Website Policies and Practices
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website, or the use of the Pearl Meyer website or services, please contact us at:
Pearl Meyer & Partners, LLC
461 Fifth Avenue, 19th Floor
New York, NY 10017
Phone (212) 644-2300
Email dataprivacy@pearlmeyer.com