http://www.amlumber.com/terms
Askins Publishing Group
www.amlumber.com
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Last Modified: March 26, 2015
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
Welcome to the website of Askins Publishing Group. ("Company", "we" or "us"). The following terms and conditions [together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference] (collectively, these "Terms of Use"), govern access by Customer (or “Customer”) to and use of www.amlumber.com, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through www.amlumber.com (the "Website"), whether as a guest or a registered user.
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before Customer start to use the Website. By using the Website [or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Use when this option is made available to Customer], Customer accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, found at www.amlumber.com/privacy, incorporated herein by reference. If Customer does not want to agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, Customer must not access or use the Website.
This Website is offered and available to users who 18 years of age or older. By using this Website, Customer represents and warrants that Customer is of legal age to form a binding contract with the Company. If Customer does not meet all of these requirements, Customer must not access or use the Website.
Changes to the Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time at our
sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and
apply to all access to and use of the Website thereafter.
Customer's continued use of the Website following the posting of
revised Terms of Use means that Customer accept and agree to the changes. Customer
are expected to check this page from time to time so Customer are aware of any
changes, as they are binding on Customer.
Accessing the Website and Account Security
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service
or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice.
We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is
unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict
access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including
registered users.
Customer is responsible for:
Making all
arrangements necessary for Customer to have access to the Website.
Ensuring that all
persons who access the Website through Customer's internet connection are aware
of these Terms of Use and comply with them.
To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, Customer may
be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a
condition of Customer's use of the Website that all the information Customer provides
on the Website is correct, current and complete. Customer agree that all
information Customer provide to register with this Website or otherwise,
including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on the
Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy www.amlumber.com/privacy, and Customer consent
to all actions we take with respect to Customer's information consistent with
our Privacy Policy.
If Customer chooses, or is provided with, a user name, password or any
other piece of information as part of our security procedures, Customer must
treat such information as confidential, and Customer must not disclose it to
any other person or entity. Customer also acknowledge that Customer's account
is personal to Customer and agree not to provide any other person with access
to this Website or portions of it using Customer's user name, password or other
security information. Customer agree to notify us immediately of any
unauthorized access to or use of Customer's user name or password or any other
breach of security. Customer also agrees to ensure that Customer exit from Customer's
account at the end of each session. Customer should use particular caution when
accessing Customer's account from a public or shared computer so that others
are not able to view or record Customer's password or other personal
information.
We have the right to disable any user name, password or other
identifier, whether chosen by Customer or provided by us, at any time in our
sole discretion if, in our opinion, Customer have violated any provision of
these Terms of Use.
Company Communication
Company utilizes email as a vital and
primary communication channel with customers. As a registered user, Customer
hereby acknowledges and grants Company permission to communicate with customer
via email (as well as other communication channels such as phone and fax) for
any purpose Company determines to be relevant including, but not limited to,
system messages, product updates, service announcements and other marketing
messages. Company will use best efforts to honor Customer's request to opt out
of marketing messages, but under no circumstances will Company have any
liability for sending any email to its registered users/customers. Company
assures customer that under no circumstances will it knowingly share personal
and/or email information with any third party.
Customer Privileges
Customer privileges are granted by
Company to individuals exclusively and are granted specifically to the
registered member only. Individual user rights cannot be assigned, sublicensed,
distributed, shared, viewed, accessed, or otherwise transferred to anyone
without the express written permission of Company. Company requires that each
registered user maintain a valid email address or Member ID and a password,
which shall be utilized for logging on to the COMPANY system. Customers are not
permitted to share their individual logon information with others. Company has
the right to refuse service to any member that refuses to abide by the terms
and conditions herein or abuses their rights related to the COMPANY service.
Intellectual
Property Rights
The Website and its entire contents, features and functionality
(including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays,
images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof),
are owned by the Company, its licensors or other providers of such material and
are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent,
trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
These Terms of Use permit Customer to use the Website for Customer's
personal, non-commercial use only. Customer must not reproduce, distribute,
modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website,
except as follows:
Customer's
computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to Customer's
accessing and viewing those materials.
Customer may
store files that are automatically cached by Customer's Web browser for display
enhancement purposes.
Customer may
print [or download] one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for
Customer's own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction,
publication or distribution.
If we provide
desktop, mobile or other applications for download, Customer may download a
single copy to Customer's computer or mobile device solely for Customer's own
personal, non-commercial use, provided Customer agree to be bound by our end
user license agreement for such applications.
Customer must not:
Modify copies of
any materials from this site.
Use any
illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately
from the accompanying text.
Delete or alter
any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of
materials from this site.
Customer must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of
the Website or any services or materials available through the Website.
If Customer prints, copy, modify, download or otherwise use or provide
any other person with access to any part of the Website in breach of the Terms
of Use, Customer's right to use the Website will cease immediately and Customer
must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials Customer
have made. No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on
the site is transferred to Customer, and the Company reserves all rights not
expressly granted. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these
Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright,
trademark and other laws.
Prohibited Uses
All information obtained from the Service,
including business listings, items for sale and any other information otherwise
made available to Customer in the Service (individually and collectively, the
"Content") is proprietary to Company and its licensors, and is
protected by copyright and other U.S. and international intellectual property
rights, laws and treaties. Customer agrees that Content reserved for members will
be treated as proprietary, maintained as confidential and shall be protected as
a trade secret of Company. Company does not ensure the accuracy of, endorse or
recommend any Content and Customer uses such Content at the Customer's own
risk.
Customer may use the Website only for
lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. Customer agrees not
to use the Website:
Customer shall
not use or reproduce Content obtained from the Service for or in connection
with any other listing service or device.
Customer shall
not disclose or transmit any portion of the Service to any direct or indirect
competitor of Company (by way of example, a "direct or indirect
competitor" of Company includes, but is not limited to, Internet listing
services or other business information services and employees, independent
contractors and agents of such services).
In any way that
violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or
regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data
or software to and from the US or other countries).
For the purpose
of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by
exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable
information or otherwise.
To send,
knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material, which does not
comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms.
To transmit, or
procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material [without our
prior written consent], including any "junk mail", "chain
letter" or "spam" or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or
attempt to impersonate the Company, a Company employee, another user or any
other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses
[or screen names] associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any
other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the
Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Company or users of the
Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, Customer agrees not to:
Use the Website
in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or
interfere with any other party's use of the Website, including their ability to
engage in real time activities through the Website.
Use any robot,
spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for
any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the
Website.
Use any manual
process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other
unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device,
software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.
Introduce any
viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious
or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain
unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the
Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or
database connected to the Website.
Attack the
Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service
attack.
Otherwise attempt
to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
To
decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer all or any part of Website in order
to identify, acquire, copy or emulate any source code or object code.
User Contributions
The Website may contain message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages
or profiles, forums, bulletin boards, dealer listing pages, and other
interactive features (collectively, "Interactive
Services") that allow users to post, submit, publish, display or
transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, "post") content or materials (collectively, "User Contributions") on or through the Website.
All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out
in these Terms of Use.
Any User Contribution Customer post to the site will be considered
non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any User Contribution on the
Website, Customer grant us and [our affiliates and service providers, and each
of their and] our [respective] licensees, successors and assigns the right to
use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute and otherwise disclose to
third parties any such material [for any purpose/according to Customer's
account settings].
Customer represents and warrants that:
Customer own or
control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant
the license granted above to us and [our affiliates and service providers, and
each of their and] our [respective] licensees, successors and assigns.
All of Customer's
User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use.
Customer understand and acknowledge that Customer are responsible for
any User Contributions Customer submit or contribute, and Customer, not the
Company, have fully responsibility for such content, including its legality,
reliability, accuracy and appropriateness.
We are not responsible, or
liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions
posted by Customer or any other user of the Website.
Monitoring
and Enforcement; Termination
We have the right to:
Remove or refuse
to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action
with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in
our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution
violates the Terms of Use, including the Content Standards, infringes any
intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens
the personal safety of users of the Website or the public or could create
liability for the Company.
Disclose Customer's
identity or other information about Customer to any third party who claims that
material posted by Customer violates their rights, including their intellectual
property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate
legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for
any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website.
Terminate or
suspend Customer's access to all or part of the Website for [any or no reason,
including without limitation,] any violation of these Terms of Use.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate
with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us
to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials
on or through the Website. CUSTOMER WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS THE COMPANY AND ITS
AFFILIATES, LICENSEES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY
ACTION TAKEN BY THE COMPANY/ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING OR AS A RESULT
OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF
INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER THE COMPANY/SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT
AUTHORITIES.
However, we cannot/do not undertake to review all material before it is
posted on the Website, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable
material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any
action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided
by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone
for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
Content Standards
These content standards apply to any and
all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services. User Contributions must
in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local and
international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User
Contributions must not:
Contain any material,
which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent,
hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
Promote sexually
explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race,
sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any
patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property or
other rights of any other person.
Violate the legal
rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any
material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under
applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these
Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy www.amlumber.com/privacy.
Be likely to
deceive any person.
Promote any
illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
Cause annoyance,
inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or
annoy any other person.
Impersonate any
person, or misrepresent Customer's identity or affiliation with any person or
organization.
Involve
commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes and other sales
promotions, barter or advertising.
Give the
impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity,
if this is not the case.
Copyright Infringement
If Customer believes that any User
Contributions violate Customer's copyright, please see our Copyright Policy www.amlumber.com/dmca for instructions on sending us a
notice of copyright infringement. It is the policy of the Company to terminate
the user accounts of repeat infringers.
Fees
COMPANY may charge a fee to post content or for other features, products, services or
licenses. You are responsible to COMPANY for any fees applicable to content that
you post or other features, products, services or licenses you purchase or that
are purchased through your account. You authorize COMPANY, or its designated
payment processor, to charge your specified credit card, debit card or other
payment method for such fees.
Unless otherwise specified, all fees are in United States dollars and all charges will
be made in United States dollars. Any applicable sales or other taxes are
additional to the stated fee. Currency exchange settlements and foreign
transaction fees are based on your agreement with your credit card or other
payment method provider.
Except as required by law, all fees are nonrefundable, including, without limitation, in
situations where COMPANY removes paid posts. The user may not cancel payments and
purchases, except as required by law. However, COMPANY reserves the right to
refuse or terminate any purchase or attempted purchase at any time in its sole
discretion. You understand and agree that if you authorize a payment
transaction with your credit card, debit card or other payment method, but your
charge is rejected for any reason, there may be a hold on your use of that
transaction amount for several days.
Reliance
on Information Posted
The information presented on or through the Website is made available
solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy,
completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance Customer place on
such information is strictly at Customer's own risk. We disclaim all liability
and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by Customer
or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of
its contents.
This Website includes content provided by third parties, including
materials provided by other users, bloggers and third-party licensors,
syndicators, aggregators and/or reporting services. All statements and/or
opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to
questions and other content, other than the content provided by the Company,
are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity
providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the
opinion of the Company. We are not responsible, or liable to Customer or any
third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third
parties.
Changes
to the Website
We may update the content on this Website from time to time, but its
content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on the
Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to
update such material.
Information
About Customer and Customer's Visits to the Website
All information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy
Policy www.amlumber.com/privacy. By using the
Website, Customer consents to all actions taken by us with respect to Customer's
information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
Linking
to the Website and Social Media Features
Customer may link to our homepage, provided Customer do so in a way
that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of
it, but Customer must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form
of association, approval or endorsement on our part without our express
[written] consent.
This Website may provide certain social media features that enable Customer
to:
Link from Customer's
own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Website.
Send e-mails or
other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this
Website.
Cause limited
portions of content on this Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed
on Customer's own or certain third-party websites.
Customer may use these features solely as they are provided by
us[,/and] solely with respect to the content they are displayed with [and
otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide
with respect to such features]. Subject to the foregoing, Customer must not:
Establish a link
from any website that is not owned by Customer.
Cause the Website
or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example,
framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site.
Link to any part
of the Website other than the homepage.
Otherwise take
any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent
with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
[The website from which Customer are linking, or on which Customer make
certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the Content
Standards set out in these Terms of Use].
Customer agrees to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized
framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw
linking permission without notice.
We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any
time without notice in our discretion.
Links
from the Website
If the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by
third parties, these links are provided for Customer's convenience only. This
includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and
sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or
resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that
may arise from Customer's use of them. If Customer decide to access any of the
third party websites linked to this Website, Customer do so entirely at Customer's
own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Disclaimer
of Warranties
Customer understands that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant
that files available for downloading from the internet or the Website will be
free of viruses or other destructive code. Customer is responsible for
implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy Customer's
particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input
and output, and for maintaining a means external to our site for any
reconstruction of any lost data. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE
CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER
TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT CUSTOMER'S COMPUTER EQUIPMENT,
COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO CUSTOMER'S USE OF
THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR TO CUSTOMER'S
DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.
CUSTOMER'S USE OF THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS
OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS AT CUSTOMER'S OWN RISK. THE WEBSITE, ITS
CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON
AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES
OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON
ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT
TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY
OF THE WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANYONE
ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS
CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE,
RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR
SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL
COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE
WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET CUSTOMER'S NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
THE COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED
OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Limitation
on Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS,
SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH CUSTOMER'S USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO
IT, ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS
OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS
OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF
USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR
LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification
Customer agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its
affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective
officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers,
successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages,
judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable
attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to Customer's violation of these
Terms of Use or Customer's use of the Website, including, but not limited to, Customer's
User Contributions, any use of the Website's content, services and products
other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or Customer's use of
any information obtained from the Website.
Governing
Law and Jurisdiction
All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use and any
dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including
non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Tennessee without giving
effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State
of Tennessee or any other jurisdiction).
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to,
these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the
federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of Tennessee
[although we retain the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against Customer
for breach of these Terms of Use in Customer's country of residence or any
other relevant country]. Customer waives any and all objections to the exercise
of jurisdiction over Customer by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Waiver
and Severability
No waiver of by the Company of any term or condition set forth in these
Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or
condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of the
Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not
constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other
tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for
any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent
such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full
force and effect.
Entire
Agreement
The Terms of Use our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire
agreement between Customer and COMPANY, with respect to the Website and
supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations
and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.
Customer's
Comments and Concerns
This website is operated by Askins Publishing Group.
All notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent to the
copyright agent designated in our Copyright Policy www.amlumber.com/dmca in the manner and by
the means set forth therein.
All other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other
communications relating to the Website should be directed to: alp@amlumber.com
Thank you for visiting www.amlumber.com.
While Company shall take all reasonable efforts for data
backup and business resumption, Customer will be solely responsible for
retaining back-up copies of all information, photographs and other materials it
provides to Company.
Help Me