http://www.communityfirstcu.com/privacy-accessibility
Privacy Statement
Accessibility StatementPrivacy Statement
Privacy Statement
How Community First (CFCU) Protects Member Information
CFCU will restrict access to non-public personal information about current, prospective and former members to CFCU employees who have a specific business purpose in utilizing the data. CFCU Management will ensure employees are trained in the importance of preserving confidentiality and member privacy.
It is the policy of CFCU to comply with the provisions of both the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the NCUA Privacy Regulations. These rules govern the treatment by credit unions of non-public personal information about members.
Non-public Personal Information Collected and How it is Used
CFCU receives non-public, personal financial information from consumers in a variety of ways:
From membership and loan applications and other forms members may complete;
From transactions with CFCU or others (i.e. with merchants using CFCU's debit card);
From a consumer reporting agency;
From verifying the data provided on an application or other forms, such as from current or past employers or other institutions where the member conducts financial business.
In order to offer members the most competitive products to meet their financial needs, effectively process and service members' transactions, and comply with federal reporting requirements, it is necessary for CFCU to share the information collected regarding the member, as described above, with various organizations with whom CFCU partners.
Some examples of companies who partner with CFCU are:
vendors who work with CFCU to process and mail account statements
providers of brokerage services to CFCU members
credit and check card processors
In those instances where CFCU partners with organizations providing additional financial products or services to the credit union or CFCU's members, CFCU may disclose all the information CFCU collects as described above. To ensure confidentiality and limit the use of the information provided, CFCU will enter into special agreements with these organizations.
To protect CFCU's members' privacy, CFCU will only work with companies that agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of information CFCU provides.
CFCU will not share member information with affiliated third parties.
The term affiliate means any company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with another company.  While the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the NCUA Privacy Regulations allow information sharing with affiliates, CFCU does not share non-public personal information with affiliates.
CFCU will not share information we have collected about former members, except as permitted or required by law.
CFCU will maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations and leading industry practices to safeguard member non-public personal information.
You may view and download the CFCU privacy notice here.
Accessibility Statement
Accessibility Statement
Community First Credit Union is committed to making its website usable by all people, including those with disabilities by meeting or exceeding the requirements of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 Level AA (WCAG 2.0 AA). We strive to ensure that everyone has equal access to our site. We monitor our site to make sure that all content provided is accessible to all visitors.
Disclaimer
It is important to note that efforts are ongoing for our website as we work to implement the relevant improvements to meet WCAG 2.0 AA guidelines over time.
Our Commitment to Help
We are dedicated to meeting all of your accessibility needs. Should you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of this site or need assistance in using the processes found within this site, we will be happy to assist you.
Please contact us directly at 920.830.7200 or 1.866.273.2328. We would be happy to help make your visits to our site as convenient as possible.
Third Party Applications
While on our site, you may notice that we use third-party sites such as Facebook and Twitter to provide information to the public. Though individuals may have challenges with access to these particular sites, Community First Credit Union does not control or remedy the way content is portrayed.