http://www.beonscreen.com/terms
Homepage
Shows
Entertainment
Home / Lifestyle
Reality / Documentary
Game / Quiz
Talent / TV Extras
Free Audience Tickets
Latest TV Shows
All TV Shows
Add a listing
About
How Does beonscreen Work
About beonscreen
Our Wall Of Fame
Contact Us
Login
Register
Homepage
Shows
Entertainment
Home / Lifestyle
Reality / Documentary
Game / Quiz
Talent / TV Extras
Free Audience Tickets
Latest TV Shows
All TV Shows
Researchers
Add a listing
About
How Does It Work
About beonscreen
Our Wall Of Fame
Contact Us
Login
Register
TERMS OF WEBSITE USE
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
These website terms of use (together with the documents referred to in them) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.beonscreen.com (our site), whether as a guest or as a registered user.
Use of our site
includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use our site.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our site.
We recommend that you print a copy of them for future reference.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our site.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our site.
We recommend that you print a copy of them for future reference.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them
If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our site.
OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our privacy policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal
data we collect from you, or that you provide to us.
By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Our acceptable use policy, which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of our site.
When using our site, you must comply with this acceptable use policy.
Our cookie policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
If you register as a member on our site, or if you are a production company with listings on our site, our member terms and conditions or terms and conditions for production companies (as the case may be) will also apply to you.
INFORMATION ABOUT US
www.beonscreen.com is a site operated by Beonscreen Limited (we or us).
We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 04568357 and have our registered office at Beonscreen Ltd - One Eastwood Binley Business Park - Coventry - CV3 2UB.
Our main trading address is the same as our registered office address.
Our VAT number is 826 8254 09.
CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you.
CHANGES TO OUR SITE
We may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time.
However, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
ACCESSING OUR SITE
Our site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted.
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis only.
We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice.
We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
YOUR ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential.
You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at beonscreen support or email support@beonscreen.com .
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it.
Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.
All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use, and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us, or from our licensors, as the case may be.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
NO RELIANCE ON INFORMATION
The content on our site is provided for general information only.
It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely.
You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use.
You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our site.
Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any services to you, which will be set out in our member terms and conditions or terms and conditions for production companies, as applicable.
UPLOADING CONTENT TO OUR SITE
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload, input or otherwise add content or information to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
If you are a consumer user, this means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any content or information you upload, input or otherwise add to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such content for any purpose.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content or information posted, inputted, uploaded or otherwise added by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content or information posted by you or any other user of our site.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site or any content or information that you upload, input or otherwise add to our site if, in our opinion, it does not comply with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy.
The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.
VIRUSES
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site.
You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, Trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site.
You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990.
We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities, and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them.
In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
LINKING TO OUR SITE
You may link to our site, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
Our site must not be framed on any other site.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy.
If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact beonscreen support or email support@beonscreen.com .
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND RESOURCES IN OUR SITE
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
APPLICABLE LAW
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and formation, are governed by English law.
You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction.
However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law.
We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
TRADE MARKS
beonscreen and beonscreen.com are trade marks of Beonscreen Limited.
CONTACT US
To contact us, please visit beonscreen support or email support@beonscreen.com .
Thank you for visiting our site.