http://www.deckers.com/cookies-policy
Skip to main content
COOKIES POLICY
Effective Date: February 9, 2017
The Deckers family of product lines (UGG®, KOOLABURRA By UGG®, Teva® (including Ahnu by Teva®), Sanuk®, Hoka ONE ONE®) and accompanying domestic websites (ugg.com, koolaburra.com, teva.com, sanuk.com, hokaoneone.com) and international websites takes the protection and proper use of your personal information seriously. We respect your privacy and take great care to safeguard information in our possession. Your preferences with regard to how we use your information are our highest priority. Below you will find our Cookies Policy. It explains generally what cookies are, what cookies we use, and what we use them for.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies (or similar tracking technologies designed for mobile devices) are simple text files stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit certain web pages. A cookie records basic information about your visit, such as your user settings or what pages you have viewed. The website (and potentially other websites) can then recognise this information in the future and can use it to improve your overall experience, for example, by remembering your log-in details, preferences or even recommending certain content. There are four principle types of cookie, which perform different functions. The main types are:
Essential cookies
Some cookies are essential for the operation of a website, and without these cookies the website would not be able to perform certain necessary functions. An example of this is where a shopping website uses cookies to remember products placed into an online shopping basket. Without using these cookies, it would not be possible to shop online.
Performance cookies
Performance cookies collect information about how a website is used in order to improve the website's effectiveness. Also known as 'analytical' cookies, performance cookies track information such as, which parts of the website have been visited, what links have been clicked and if any errors have occurred. Performance cookies are commonly used to ensure that popular content is displayed more prominently on a website so that users can find the information that they are looking for more quickly.
Functionality cookies
As the name suggests, 'functionality' cookies are used to deliver specific features or functions on a website. The most common use of functionality cookies is to remember preference settings, or to store log-in details. For example to save you the trouble of inputting your username every time you access a site.
Targeting cookies
'Targeting' cookies may be placed by us, or by our advertisers, to store information about the webpages that you have viewed. This allows us and our advertisers to deliver adverts that are relevant to the content you are interested in. These adverts may be displayed on our website or on other sites that you visit. Targeting cookies are also used to operate 'Like' or 'Share' buttons, which users can click to let other people know that they have found a particular webpage useful or entertaining. Other sites (normally social networking sites) will then recognise these cookies and display your shared content to other users.
HOW LONG DO COOKIES LAST?
Cookies may stay on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time depending on what they are used for.
Many cookies will only last for the duration of a single visit and will be automatically deleted when the browser is closed down or the computer is turned off. These cookies are known as 'session' cookies. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into our website. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our website.
Some cookies (known as 'persistent' cookies) do remain on your device between sessions and allow us to authenticate you and to remember your preferences. Persistent cookies will remain on your computer after you have closed the browser or turned off the computer. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity and to display advertising on our website and on third party websites.
WHAT DO WE USE COOKIES FOR?
Deckers does not store personally identifiable information such as credit card details in cookies we create, but we do use encrypted information gathered from them to help improve your experience of the Deckers family of websites.
We principally use cookies to:
Remember the products you have stored in your basket in case you want to return and purchase them at a later date
Identify you when you sign-in to one of our websites, which enables us to provide customized features and services, such as adding items to your wish list
Keep track of items stored in your shopping basket when you go from one page to another on one of our websites
Conduct research and diagnostics to improve our content, products and services to you
Prevent fraudulent activities
Improve security
Make it easier for you to navigate our websites and services.
We also use automated devices and products like Google Analytics to evaluate usage of our website, and to help us improve our website and services. Entities like Google Analytics use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services. On our websites, we do not honor browser do-not-track requests for analytics purposes, but you may refuse the use of Google Analytics and opt out of having your information used by Google Analytics by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. To learn more about how we use third party analytics technologies, please review our Privacy Policy found here.
To order products on our UK or Japan based sites, you need to have cookies enabled. If you don't wish to enable cookies, you'll still be able to browse the site and use it for research purposes, but you will not be able to make a purchase.
HOW DO I MANAGE COOKIES?
Most modern browsers will allow you to:
See what cookies you have got and delete them;
Be notified when a cookie is being sent;
Block third party cookies;
Block cookies from particular sites;
Block all cookies; or
Delete all cookies when you close your browser.
Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your web browser to refuse all or some cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent, however, certain features of the Site or Services may not work if you delete or disable cookies.
The links below take you to the ‘Help’ sections for each of the major browsers so that you can find out more about how to manage your cookies.
If you're not sure of the type and version of web browser you use to access the Internet:
For PCs: Click on 'Help' at the top of your browser window and select the 'About' option.
For Macs: With the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the 'About' option.
Internet Explorerhttp://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-10 (Explorer 10)http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/windows7/How-to-manage-cookies-in-Internet-Explorer-9 (Explorer 9)http://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-8 (Explorer 8)
Firefoxhttp://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Cookies
Google Chromehttp://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647
Operahttp://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/
Safarihttps://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=en_US
Safari iOShttp://support.apple.com/kb/HT1677
Android https://support.google.com/android/?hl=en
Blackberry https://supportforums.blackberry.com/t5/BlackBerry-OS-Smartphones/How-to-turn-on-browser-cookie-functionality-in-blackberry-curve/td-p/945611
Windows Phonehttp://www.microsoft.com/windowsphone/en-us/howto/wp7/web/changing-privacy-and-other-browser-settings.aspx
In addition, we do have relationships with carefully selected and monitored third party suppliers who may also set cookies during your visit to be used for their own remarketing purposes. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one. Though our systems do not honor browser do-not-track requests for analytic purposes, several of these third parties enable you to opt out of their use of cookies for their own targeted advertising practices. You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”), and in Europe, the European Interaction Digital Advertising Alliance (“EIDAA”). For more information regarding this practice by NAI members and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI, DAA and EIDAA members, please visit their respective websites: www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp (NAI), www.aboutads.info/choices (DAA), and www.youronlinechoices.com.
For more information about our privacy practices and policies, please review our Privacy Policy found here.