http://www.icaewjobs.com/privacy-and-policy
Connecting...
Privacy Policy
As part of the ICAEW, ICAEWjobs believes it is very important to respect the privacy of individuals, and to make only safe and ethical use of the information that is provided through electronic channels. Where we collect information we are doing so in order to offer you better services, both on the Website and in the rest of our operations. If any of the information we hold about you is inaccurate we will do our best to correct it quickly once you notify us. You can update your contact details yourself online. The information you provide as either a Customer or Candidate will be held in databases that through our best endeavours is secure and can only be accessed by authorised people. The CV information provided to ICAEWjobs by Candidates will be held in a separate database, which Recruiters can pay to access. This privacy policy describes: The information we collect through ICAEWjobs’ websiteWhat we do with itWho we share parts of it withOur website staff are fully trained in the privacy policy and are aware that ensuring it is fully implemented is an important part of their jobs. The implementation of the privacy policy is directly supervised by senior managers of the ICAEW.The information we collect and how we use it: Members of the ICAEW wishing to use ICAEWjobs as a Candidate do not need to provide their membership number in order to use the website. The registration process and information required is the same for both members and non-members. We do not collect any financial information on this website except where Recruiters/Employers choose to pay for job adverts online via credit card using the PayPoint payment system. We do not collect any mandatory demographic information. However, in order to register as a Candidate we do ask for some compulsory information such as your name and e-mail address. To apply for a job advert it is also compulsory to upload your CV (where required by a Recruiter) and you have the option to build up a Candidate profile to further assist your suitability for new opportunities.We may also ask you to complete surveys or questionnaires on the website from time to time. These will always be voluntary, but we may use the information from them to personalise the Website and to target marketing to relevant users.We will ask you for your email address to receive update information and newsletters through email. You can delete or change your email address at any time or unsubscribe to particular types of email.The Website offers you the opportunity to change your preferences about receiving job alerts. To change preferences, login and select 'Your Account' from the top horizontal menu.The personal information we collect from Candidates on registering to the Website or applying to a job is entered into our Candidate CV database, where CV’s can be searched by Recruiters. Candidates also have the option to make their CV unsearchable. This information will be stored under your name on the ICAEWjobs system.Information gathered from any Employer or Recruiter advertising on ICAEWjobs is contained on a separate database, which only authorised personnel have access to. This information is treated in the strictest confidence and is not shared with any other entity. Sometimes this information will be used to track recruiter trends/behavior, but the primary function will be to aid the sales process and any future sales.Who will have access to the information? Any information you give either as a jobseeker or Recruiter/Employer will only be available to the ICAEW.No information about you or your use of the Website will be made available to any other organisation without your consent other than as anonymous usage statistics.Information about domain names or IP addresses will not be included in statistics made available to other organisations.Technical information Like most websites, our server gathers limited information about you during a session, including the IP address and domain name from which you are accessing the server.This information is used to help us improve the content, design and performance of the Website.The log files or the information they contain will not be made available to any third parties.The Website software is able to recognise the configuration of the computer you are using and the browser software you are using. This will help us provide you with an optimised experience.Use of cookiesA cookie is a tiny file that is saved by your browser when you visit a website. It enables certain information about your visit to be stored by the site. We have set out full details about our use of cookies on a separate page, where you can find out which cookies we use, why we use them, and what you need to do if you don’t wish to accept some or all them.Access to your personal informationYou have a right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to amend or update any inaccuracies.Please contact:Data Protection OfficerICAEWMetropolitan House321 Avebury BoulevardMilton KeynesMK9 2FZ UKEmail: data.protection@icaew.comOther websitesOur website and emails may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content or practices of these other sites and we recommend that you check their own privacy policies.Data ProtectionThis privacy statement forms part of ICAEW's commitment to the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998.You can get a full copy of our data protection policy from ICAEW's Data Protection Officer by email on data.protection@icaew.com, by phone on (+44) 1908 248 250 or in writing at the address below.Alternatively, you can read the data protection policy online.Contact usIf you have any questions or concerns about this policy or the way we operate it, please contact:Data Protection OfficerICAEWMetropolitan House321 Avebury BoulevardMilton KeynesMK9 2FZ UKdata.protection@icaew.com+44 (0)1908 248 250All contents © ICAEW 2019.Registered office: The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, incorporated by Royal Charter RC000246 with registered office at Chartered Accountants’ Hall, Moorgate Place, London EC2R 6EA.
Need help? Call +44 (0)20 7920 8535 or email icaewjobs@icaew.com
Home
Coronavirus
Membership
Learn
Careers
ACA students
Resources
Communities
Insights
Regulation
ICAEW member content
ICAEW Jobs is now accessible to ICAEW members only.
Use your member log in details to sign in, create and update your account.
I understand