http://www.fairmeasures.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyFMWPadmin2016-11-18T16:00:31+00:00
This is how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site only to read information:
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain); the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site. We use this information to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
If you are sending a question to Ask the Lawyers:
We require that you provide some basic information so that we can answer your question (such as your email address, your state, and how many employees in your company). You can choose to also give us your name and title. If you do, we may contact you by phone or email to inform you about our products.
You will be given the opportunity to check a box indicating that you would like to receive our monthly updates. If you do not check this box, you will receive an auto-respond to your question, and you may also receive an answer from one of our lawyers. However, you will not receive monthly updates.
Please note: Under federal law, employers have the right to read any e-mail sent or received through their systems. Therefore, we highly recommend that you do not send us questions from work about problems you are having with your current employer! Use a free e-mail account on Yahoo, Google, or Zoho.
If you wish to see our Archives, White Papers or PDF newsletters:
We will ask you for simple information including your name, job title, company name, phone number and email address. We may contact you occasionally about our other products or services. However, every email includes information for you to be removed from our customer list.
You will also be asked if you want to subscribe to our monthly enews. If you say yes, you will be entered into our database and receive the enews. However, every mailing contains information about how to un-subscribe. If you un-subscribe, your name will be eliminated from our monthly mailings database.
If you order a product from us, such as a Checklist:
If you order a product from us, you will be asked if you want to subscribe to our monthly enews. If you say yes, you will be entered into our database and receive the enews. However, every mailing contains information about how to un-subscribe. If you un-subscribe, your name will be eliminated from our monthly mailings database.
If you do not ask to subscribe, or you un-subscribe, your name will be kept in a customer database. We may contact you occasionally about our other products or services. However, every email includes information for you to be removed from our customer list.
If you ask to subscribe to our eNews, you’re on the list!
However, every mailing includes how to un-subscribe.
Once we have your name in our database, we will not sell, give away or trade it to anyone. It will be seen only by our attorneys or office administrative staff, in the regular course of their duties. However, the names in our database are considered a corporate asset and could be transferred in connection with the sale of the firm or the site.
We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
As you no doubt are aware, e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. Whenever we ask for your charge card, we do use a secure server. However, if you have any concerns, call our office at 800-458-2778 and we will make alternative arrangements.
Go to Top