https://www.redwoodsaunas.com/about-us/terms-of-sale/
832-722-8412 info@customleisureproducts.com
Web Site Terms and Conditions Home About Us Web Site Terms and Conditions
Terms of Sale:
Most of our products are made to order.
All orders including custom sizes and configurations require full payment with order.
If item is in stock, full payment is required before crating and shipping.
All order are shipped from our shop – FOB Buda, Texas 78610.
Canceled Orders or Refused Orders will be charged a restocking fee of 20% of total price and any additional shipping charges incurred by us.
Any returns must be authorized by us and any returns must be in original condition and packaging.
Other terms and conditions may apply in addition to the above concerning purchases with credit cards.
Returns: You may return your product in original unopened, freight pre-paid after our authorization within seven days.
All products MUST BE RETURNED and inspected by us before any credit is applied.
A 20% restocking fee of the total purchase price applies to all saunas and hot tubs.
Custom manufactured orders in most cases CAN NOT BE RETURNED.
Please note: Standard freight includes curbside delivery only.
The shipping quote provided is an estimate of charges based on the information you supplied and current rates and discounts.
The actual charges will be based on the actual shipment and any additional services that may be performed.
We will do our best to perform services at this level on every shipment, but once in a while, the service may be beyond our control.
Service delays due to access issues to delivery address that may occur can cause delay of shipment and or additional charges.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
We collect and use personal information you have provided to us solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us or you and for other compatible purposes. We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes. We also collect ip address, time date stamp of inquiry, and browser used for the purpose of improving the security of our web site, and for no other purpose.
We never share any information you provide or your email to third parties for any reason. We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date. We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
All content and photos, brand names or product names used in this site are trademarked or registered trademarks of their respective holder and or is copyrighted. Unauthorized reproduction is prohibited.
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the prepared PDF file materials (information only) on Custom Leisure Products web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
a. modify or copy the materials;
b. use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial)
c. attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Custom Leisure Products web site
d. remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
e. transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Custom Leisure Products at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Custom Leisure Products web site are provided “as is”. Custom Leisure Products makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Custom Leisure Products does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Custom Leisure Products or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Custom Leisure Products Internet site, even if Custom Leisure Products or a Custom Leisure Products authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Custom Leisure Products web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Custom Leisure Products does not warrant that all of the materials on its web site are complete, or current. Custom Leisure Products makes an effort to ensure that all content provided is as accurate as possible, and may make changes to the materials contained on the web site at any time without any notice to you.
6. Links
Custom Leisure Products has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Custom Leisure Products of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Custom Leisure Products may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Custom Leisure Products web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Frequently asked questions about our barrel saunas
Our Services Wood Hot Tubs
Standard and Custom
Barrel Saunas
Indoor and Outdoor
Custom Designed
Hot Tubs and Saunas
© 2020 Custom Leisure Products. All Rights Reserved
.
F L N :