http://www.goarctic.com/privacy-policy/
Arctic Spas Ltd
GDPR Customer Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
USA & Canada
This privacy policy applies to the use of this website.
We highly value your privacy and make this policy easily available throughout our site to assist you in understanding the handling of information in the course of using this site.
Log Files and Cookies
This website utilizes industry standard analytics packages which gathers limited information on visitors to our website automatically, and stores this anonymous information in server log files. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, basic IP information, referring pages, operating system used and date/time stamps. This information does not identify individual users; it is used only for site administration, as well as for analysis of website usage and trends.
Additionally, cookies may be used to provide easier and faster access to website features such as logins and/or repeat visits. Cookies are very small text files that are stored on personal computers for reference purposes. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you have submitted while on our site.
Links to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other sites that are not controlled in any way by us. Please be aware of this when you click on any such links; we are not responsible for the privacy practices and/or policies of any website other than our own. Consequently, we strongly suggest that you review the privacy policy of every website you visit, whether or not they are linked to by our own site.
Registration and Use of Personal Information
Registration is not required in order to use or access this website. However, this site may make forums, contact forms, refer a friend tools, blogs, message boards or similar features available to its users. You may be required to register for these features.
If you do register, and in the process provide us with personally identifiable information, rest assured that any such information you provide will not be shared with any third-party organization except with your express consent.
Please note that if you post comments or articles to any form, forum, blog or message board on this site, any personally identifiable information you provide in those comments or articles may be read, collated and used by anyone viewing them. As such, we are not responsible for personally identifiable information you may choose to make available through these channels.
We also provide visitors to our website the opportunity to opt-in to receive communications from us. In this case, we ask the visitor for his or her email address and name. These communications may include newsletters, product promotions and any other information that we feel may be pertinent to the visitor. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications through our Contact Us Page, or by clicking on the unsubscribe link in any email we send to you.
Again, if you provide us with your email address and/or name for the purposes of receiving communications from us, this information will not be shared with any third-party organization except with your express consent.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer wish us to possess your information, you may request correction, updating, or deletion of your information by emailing us through our Contact Us page.
Links to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other sites that are not controlled in any way by us. Please be aware of this when you click on any such links; we are not responsible for the privacy practices and/or policies of any website other than our own. Consequently, we strongly suggest that you review the privacy policy of every website you visit, whether or not they are linked to by our own site.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on our website.
Contact Details
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, or you wish to contact us just click here
Return to the home page.
UK & EU
CUSTOMER PRIVACY NOTICE
What this Notice covers
Arctic Spas Ltd are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use personal information about you.
This notice does not form part of any agreement or contract and may be updated at any time.
We are a data controller for any personal information that you provide to us. This means that we are responsible for determining how information relating to you is used, stored and shared.
Categories of personal data we process
We will collect, store, and use the following categories of personal information about you:
Your full name
Your address
Your contact details such as phone numbers and email addresses
Your employment status, salary and homeowner status
Sources of personal data
We collect personal information relating to you directly from you.
Our lawful bases for processing your data
We will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract, we have entered into with you
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or those of a third party and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests
To comply with relevant legislation and regulations
Our purposes for processing your data
Performing the contract that we have entered in to with you by providing you with the products and services that you have ordered
To provide you with a quote and the details of all available payment methods when you have shown an interest in our products and services
To issue marketing material to you about the products and services we offer
To process a finance application for you
Sensitive Personal Data
There may be instances where it is necessary for you to share information with us containing special categories of personal information or ‘sensitive personal data’. This relates to things such as details of medical conditions which you may need to share with us so we are able to meet your specific requirements when providing our goods and services.
Due to the sensitive nature of this information, we will only take it from you if you have given us your explicit consent and it is necessary for us to do so. We will also inform you of what we will do with this information and who we will share it with.
Use of Cookies
If you visit our website, we may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer and your general interests to enable us to improve our website and target marketing appropriately.
Cookies are stored on your computer’s hard drive and cannot be used to identify you personally as they contain no personal information.
Who has access to your data
We may share your personal information with third parties where required by law, where it is necessary to administer the contract we have entered in to you with you, or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so.
Recipients of your data may include third-party service providers, other related business entities, a regulator, or to otherwise comply with the law.
If you choose to fund your purchase with us using one of the finance products we offer to our customers as a credit broker on behalf of lenders, we will share your data with the relevant lender so they are able to process your finance application.
Where we do so, we will require third parties to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
Security of your data
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
How we decide how long to retain your data
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal or contractual requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and any applicable legal or contractual requirements.
Your rights
You have the right to:
Request access to, and a copy of, your personal information that we hold.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you if you believe it is incomplete or inaccurate
Request erasure of your personal information in specific circumstances, such as; if our processing of your personal information is based upon legitimate interests and you believe it is no longer necessary; or if you believe we have processed your personal data unlawfully or not for the purposes which it was intended.
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
Request to restrict the processing of your personal information in specific circumstances, such as; you have requested that your personal information is corrected and want to restrict processing whilst we correct it; where you believe our processing is unlawful but do not want us to erase your personal information; where we no longer need to store your personal information but you require us to do so to enable you to exercise or defend a legal claim.
Data Portability in particular circumstances meaning that you can request for your personal information to be securely moved, copied or transferred from our IT environment to another. This only applies if our lawful basis for processing your data is consent or performance of a contract, and we are processing your data by automated means.
If you believe we have not complied with your rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner by visiting their website https://ico.org.uk/.
Automated decision-making & Profiling
We do not conduct any automated decision-making or profiling activities whilst processing your personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
The Company reserves the right to update this privacy notice at any time. You can request the most up to date version from us at any time by contacting us on the contact details below.
Contacting us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Policy by Contacting Us
Unit 2 Hartlebury Trading Estate, Hartlebury, Worcs, DY10 4JB
Ph: +44 (0) 1299 250552
Fax: +44 (0) 1299 253833
Company Registration Number: 3974352
VAT : 753880894