http://www.cubbank.com/privacy-statement
Accessibility Statement
Online Banking
Click hereto log in to online banking.
Website Security Information
Website Security InformationVisitors to this bank Website remain anonymous. We do not collect identifying information about visitors to our site. We may use standard software to collect non-identifying information about our visitors, such as:Date and time our site was accessedWeb browser usedCity, state, and countryThe bank uses this information to create summary statistics and to determine the level of interest in information available on our site. Visitors may elect to provide us with personal information via E-mail, online registration forms.This information is used internally, as appropriate, to handle the sender’s request. It is not disseminated or sold to other organizations.Some areas of our Website may use a “cookie” stored on the visitor’s computer hard disk to allow the web server to log the pages you use within the site and to know if you have visited the site before. The Bank may use third-party tracking and marketing services such as Google Analytics, Google AdWords and Display Network advertising, and others which employ the use cookies. The use of these cookies helps us track trends and behaviors such as navigation within the website, helping to increase the general effectiveness of our website and marketing, and improving the overall services we offer. Tracking services such as Google Analytics are not used in any of our secure online banking services. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or flush them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. To view, Google’s Privacy Policy click here. To opt out of some of Google advertising features visit their Google Ad Settings page by clicking here.SecurityThis Internet Banking System brings together a combination of industry-approved security technologies to protect data for the bank and for you, our customer. It features password-controlled system entry, a VeriSign-issued Digital ID for the bank’s server, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol for data encryption, and a router loaded with a firewall to regulate the inflow and outflow of server traffic.Secure Access and Verifying User AuthenticityTo begin a session with the bank’s server the user must key in a Login ID and a password. Our system, the Internet Banking System, uses a “3 strikes and you’re out” lock-out mechanism to deter users from repeated login attempts. After three unsuccessful login attempts, the system locks the user out, requiring either a designated wait period or a phone call to the bank to verify the password before re-entry into the system. Secure Data TransferOnce the server session is established, the user and the server are in a secured environment. Router and FirewallRequests must filter through a router and firewall before they are permitted to reach the server. A router, a piece of hardware, works in conjunction with the firewall, a piece of software, to block and direct traffic coming to the server. The configuration begins by disallowing ALL traffic and then opens holes only when necessary to process acceptable data requests, such as retrieving web pages or sending customer requests to the bank.Using the above technologies, your Internet banking transactions are secure.
Quick Links
Personal
Personal Checking
Savings Accounts & CDs
Rates
Reorder Checks
Online Banking
International Travel Notice
Mortgage
Home Equity
Auto & Personal Loans
Mobile Banking
eStatements
Debit Card
Investment Services
Business
Business Checking
Savings
Loans and Credit
Basic Business Designee Application
Facebook
YouTube
LinkedIn
Home
About
Locations & Hours
Careers
Privacy Notice
CRA Notice
Patriot Act Notice
Contact Us
Website & Security Information
Donation/Sponsorship Application Agreement
Website Accessibility
Reorder Checks
Lost or Stolen Cards
Calculators
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Wire Transfer
Click to login and access your benefits
Free usage of over 55,000 ATMs!
Remote Deposit
Update Your Contact Info and Earn $1
Sign up for eStatements
Use our Switch Kit to Join Today
Banking Products and Services are provided by Citizens Union Bank
Disclaimer
×
Clicking continue will take you from Citizens Union Bank’s site to a third party website. Citizens Union Bank makes no endorsement or claims about the accuracy or content of information contained within the third party site to which you may be going. The security and privacy policies on these sites may be different from Citizens Union Bank.
Continue
Go Back