http://www.makeupandhairdesign.com/privacy.php
privacy policy
Information Collection and Use
We take your privacy very seriously. When you give us your information including, but not limited to, name, telephone number, email, and mailing address, we do not share it with any third-party entities for marketing purposes. We use your information to communicate with you regarding financial transactions, news, and other updates specifically related to Jana & Co. Makeup and Hair Design and its programs. If we send you an email, you will be given the opportunity to decline receiving similar emails in the future.
Terms of Use
By using this website in any way, you are agreeing to comply with the Terms of Use ("TOU"). In addition, when using particular services, you agree to abide by any applicable posted guidelines for that service (including all state and federal laws), which may change from time to time. Should you object to any term or condition of the TOU, any guidelines, or any subsequent modifications thereto or become dissatisfied with Jana & Co. Makeup and Hair Design in any way, your only recourse is to immediately discontinue use of this website. Jana & Co. Makeup and Hair Design has the right, but is not obligated, to strictly enforce the TOU through self-help, community moderation, active investigation, litigation and prosecution.
E-mail: info@makeupandhairdesign.com
Copyright ©
Jana & Co. Makeup And Hair Design
Site Design: B2 Web Design
Report A Bug | Privacy Policy | Login
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Google +
Instagram
Check out Jana & Co Makeup and Hair Design on Yelp
Make up, Makeup, Hair, Hairdesign, Hair Design, Hair styling, Hairstyling, Wedding Hair, Wedding Hairstyling, Hair and Makeup for Wedding, Wedding Hair and Makeup, updo's, up-do's, hairdo, Hair Updos pictures, Bridal hairstyles, Bridal Make up, Wedding Make up, wedding stylist, Wedding hair styles, make up design, make up artistry, make up artist, commercial, print, video, photography, editorial, fashion, foundation, mascara, blush, lipstick, long wearing makeup, makeup ideas for wedding, hair ideas for wedding, glamour photography, black and white photography, editorial photography, stylist, photo stylist, video stylist, print stylist, bride, bridesmaids, fashion stylist, wedding checklist,
Southern California, Ventura County, Los Angeles County, Bridal Hair stylist Santa Barbara, Bridal Hairstylist Los Angeles, Wedding Makeup Artist Los Angeles, Bridal Hairstylist Ventura, Bridal Makeup and Hair Santa Barbara, Bridal Makeup and Hair Los Angeles, Bridal Makeup and Hair Ventura, Hairstylist Ventura, Hairstylist Los Angeles, Hairstylist Santa Barbara, Bridal Makeup Simi Valley, Bridal Hairstyling Simi Valley, Wedding Hair and Makeup Simi Valley, Bridal Hair and Makeup Simi Valley
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Newsletter
sign up