http://www.lionpic.co.uk/our-company/terms-conditions/
Moulding
Wood Mouldings
Bare Wood Mouldings
Aluminium Mouldings
Hand Finished Mouldings
FSC™ Certified
Chop Service
Workshop
Frame Making
Mountcutters
Sheet Material Cutters
Laminators
Workshop Tools & Accessories
Training Books
DIY Framing
Surface Cleaning
Protective Clothing
Wrapping & Packaging
Spare Parts
Supplies
Consumables
Hanging Hardware
Tapes & Adhesives
Screws Pins Tacks Rivets
Frame Hardware
Mounting & Laminating
Finishing & Decoration
Clever Stuff
Mountboards & Boards
Daler
Colourmount
Value
Canson Museum Board
Foam Board
Styrene & Backing Board
Mountboard Storage
Canvas, Print & Panel
Canvas Stretcher Bars
Stretcher Brace Bars
Canvas Stretching Tools
Canvas Hardware
Paper, Canvas & Coatings
Printed Panel
Art Hanging
Newly Picture Hanging Systems
STAS Picture Hanging Systems
J Rail & Gallery Rods
Hanging Systems Accessories
Clearance
Moulding
Supplies
Workshop
Picture Hanging Systems
OPEN we are taking orders for delivery
FREE DELIVERY over £125
EXPORT we ship worldwide
NEXT DAY DELIVERY order before midday
Home
»
Our Company
»
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Click & Collect
Security Privacy
Glossary of Terms
Terms & Conditions
VAT at the current rate of 20% is chargeable by law on the total cost of goods and carriage.
Prices are shown on this website and in our catalogues as a guide only. They are all subject to revision without notice. Goods will be invoiced at the price ruling on the day of sale. All items offered are subject to availability. While we try and ensure that all prices on our website and in our catalogues are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of goods you have ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund.
Minimum orders, carriage rates and charges applied through the LION online ordering system are valid only for deliveries to UK addresses. Carriage charges on orders for delivery outside the UK will normally be higher and will be charged at cost. We also reserve the right to apply an export administration charge.
All goods remain our property until all outstanding invoices have been paid in full. English jurisdiction applies.
1.5% per month surcharge may be added to accounts paid late. Any charges for the collection of overdue accounts which are incurred by Lion are to be paid by the customer.
Returns / Damage / DeliveryAs trade suppliers we use commercial carriers to deliver your goods. They assume that your premises are clearly marked and open 9.00am - 5.30pm from Monday to Friday and will require a signature before they leave the goods. We cannot accept any liability for the failure to deliver 'overnight' should you have requested this service.If you think there is a problem with your delivery please contact the sales team immediately and we will endeavour to sort it out for you as quickly and efficiently as possible.If you suspect your goods have been damaged in transit you must sign for them as ‘Damaged’ on the carriers terminal or docket. We cannot usually issue credits if goods have not been signed for as ‘damaged’. No claims will be considered after 28 days.All returns must be made within 28 days of receipt. To arrange the return of goods please visit the ‘Returns’ section of our website and complete the online form. Once you have completed and submitted the form please print a copy and enclose it with the goods. Clearly mark carton ‘GOODS RETURNED’. You can also contact our customer service team who will be happy to email you a Goods Returns Form.
No warranty is given or implied that any particular item we offer is fit for any particular purpose. As we have no control over the way our products are used, customers must ascertain for themselves that an item is suitable for the intended purpose. Our liability is in any event strictly limited to the invoiced value of the item concerned.
Our policy is one of constant development and improvement. We reserve the absolute right to make changes to the specification of any product at any time without notice.
All sizes, weights, colours, temperatures and other specifications shown on this website and in our catalogues are for guidance only. If such information is critical to a customer's application, then it is their responsibility to check.
Your DataLion is a trade (business to business) supplier.We assume that the contact data you supply relate to your business. Holding and processing this data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interest we pursue in selling to your business.If you have any questions relating to the data we hold, please contact our data controller data@lionpic.co.uk
Stock Levels and Due DatesStock levels and due dates shown on the site are as accurate as possible, but are indicative only. Please call us if you need absolute clarity on the amount of stock available or the expected due date. Due dates often change as a result of factors outside our control. We recommend that you do not commit to project completion dates that are contingent on stock arriving precisely when predicted. We cannot accept any claims for losses as a result of inaccurate or unreliable stock levels or due dates.
IN PLACING YOUR ORDER WITH LION, IT WILL BE ASSUMED THAT YOU HAVE READ AND ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET OUT ABOVE
Next Day Delivery
Order before midday for next day delivery - UK mainland only
FREE DELIVERY
Over £125 exc. VAT & delivery. Next day delivery to UK (restrictions apply)
EXPORT
We ship worldwide and have stockists throughout Europe and overseas
OPEN FOR BUSINESS
We are still taking orders for delivery, while maintaining social distancing