http://www.portfoliorecovery.com/prapay/help/about-us
About us
Helping people resolve their debt since 1996.
Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC (a subsidiary of PRA Group, Inc.) was started in 1996 by Steve Fredrickson and Kevin Stevenson, two friends who had worked in banking and believed that they could create a better experience by taking a consumer-centered approach to the debt market.
So they created a company that did things differently:
Fair and respectful treatment of its customers
Affordable plans and comfortable payment options
Consumer-friendly policies
More than two decades later, we’ve successfully helped millions of people throughout the United States resolve their debt.
High standards for how we treat customers and employees.
How and why your debt came to us.
Debt sale
When banks, credit card companies, and other creditors are unable to collect on an account they may sell those debts to companies like PRA, LLC.
Personalized plans
We leverage data and technology to help build affordable payment plans and create user-friendly tools for customers.
Recovery options
Customers get helpful, realistic options to resolve their debt with us.
Our account representatives are here for you, all located in the
USA.
Norfolk, Virginia
Hampton, Virginia
Hutchinson, Kansas
Jackson, Tennessee
Birmingham, Alabama
Dallas, Texas
Burlington, North Carolina
Our core principles
Our employees share a common understanding of how we treat customers and each other.
We’re ‘people’ people, on and off the job.
At Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC, we like helping people, both during our day jobs and as proud and engaged members of our communities.
We make it a priority to help support programs that serve the communities where we live and work.
We match our employees’ contributions dollar-for-dollar for programs that qualify, and we support their civic engagement with paid time off to participate in Volunteer Days.
Help with your account?
Contact & FAQs
Live CHAT
Modal Title
Template to be used for all modals.
Close
OK
Modal Title
Close
OK
Template to be used for campaign modals.
Live Chat