http://www.meineke.com/mobileterms/
Skip to Main Content CLOSE Modal TitleCenter HoursMeinekeMobile Terms MOBILE TEXT TERMS OF USE These Mobile Text Terms of Use (“Mobile TOU”) govern your use of the text messaging information and marketing program (the “Program”) provided by Meineke Car Care Centers, LLC (the “Company”). Please read this Mobile TOU carefully. By opting into the Program, you agree to this Mobile TOU, the Company’s online PRIVACY POLICY and the Company’s overall TERMS OF USE, as amended from time to time (collectively, the “Terms”). Before opting into the Program, please read the Terms carefully. Your access to, and use of, the Program represents your agreement to these Mobile TOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, INCLUDING CHANGES THERETO, DO NOT ACCESS, SUBSCRIBE OR USE THE PROGRAM.
The Company’s Program is an account information and marketing program that sends its users updates on account activity, as well as, but not limited to, great deals and special offers. This information is delivered directly to their mobile phones, via SMS and/or MMS. As a Program member, you may receive account updates, special retailer deals, insider news, access to in-store events (where applicable), ways to enter sweepstakes and instant win games, among other brand specific communications. Mobile Messaging Terms When you provide the Company with your mobile phone number, you are expressly agreeing that the Company may send text messages (including SMS and MMS) to that phone number. You also agree to pay the charges to your wireless bill or to have them deducted from your prepaid balance for this service. You acknowledge that you are thirteen years of age or older and you have the consent of the wireless account holder. The Company may send recurring auto marketing mobile messages per month. The number of Account Updates & Information messages you receive will depend on your activity with the brand. If you signed up by texting a signup keyword, you will receive a confirmation text message, and you may need to reply as instructed to complete registration. Message and data rates apply. Reply STOP to cancel, HELP for help.
If you opt-out, you agree to receive a final text message confirming your opt-out. You may optout at any time by texting the word STOP to shortcode 222245. You agree to receive a final text message confirming your opt-out. For help, send a text message with the keyword HELP to 222245. Texts may be sent through an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. You agree to notify the Company of any changes to your mobile number and update your subscription with the Company to reflect this change. Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain mobile features and certain mobile features may be incompatible with your carrier or mobile device. Contact your carrier with questions regarding these issues. Sign Up For The Company’s Program Sign up for the Company’s Program to receive texts with great deals, events and insider information. To opt in, text MEINEKE to 222245. You will receive a text from 222245 prompting you to reply. Reply with the appropriate confirmation to specify the messages you wish to receive and confirm that you agree to the Mobile Terms of Use. Message & data rates may apply. Stop Receiving Promotional Text Messages To stop receiving promotional or account update text messages from the Company, simply text STOP to 222245.
Note: None of these opt-out trigger words are case sensitive.
Alternatively, you can opt-out of receiving texts from the Company by either sending an email with your mobile phone number to customerservicemeineke@meineke.com.
Please allow up to 10 business days from when the email or physical mail request was received to process your removal. Questions / Comments / Concerns Please direct all comments, questions or concerns regarding the Company’s text messaging program to customerservicemeineke@meineke.com or our toll-free customer support line at 1-800-447-3070. Help Command For help at any time, text HELP to 222245. This text messaging marketing program is free from the Company, but message & data rates may apply. Requirements To take advantage of the Company’s text messaging marketing program, you must have a text messaging-enabled mobile device with a text messaging plan. Carriers Supported The Company’s text messaging marketing program works with all major U.S. carriers including currently: AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Boost, Cricket, MetroPCS, U.S. Cellular, Virgin Mobile, and a host of other smaller regional carriers.
The Company reserves the right to modify these Mobile TOU by posting new versions on this website as well as the right to provide additional notices of significant changes. Your continued use of the Program following such changes constitutes your acceptance of those changes. Promotional Disclaimer Coupon must be presented at time of estimate. Only one coupon code per transaction. Not valid on basic oil changes. Not valid with any other offers, special order parts or warranty work. Valid on most cars and light trucks at participating Meineke U.S. locations only. See center manager for complete details. No cash value. Void where prohibited. Limited time offer. ×Enter Offer Send Services Email : Check icon for email subscriptionEmail Sign up for exclusive Meineke offers and promotions Email me the coupon×Enter Offer Send Services Enter Your Mobile Number : Check icon sms textSms TextSign up for exclusive Meineke offers and promotions * Text me the coupon * Receive recurring text messages from Meineke. Standard messaging and data rates may apply. Consent not required for purchase. Text STOP to 222245 to cancel; text HELP for help. Privacy PolicyA Family of Driven Brandsschedule appointment