https://www.plastictechnologies.com/privacy-policy/
X
This site uses cookies and by using the site you are consenting to this. We utilize cookies to optimize our brand’s web presence and website experience. To learn more about cookies,
click here to read our privacy statement.
Hit enter to search
Search for:
Skip to content
Our Privacy Policy
We at Plastic Technologies, Inc. (PTI) are committed to protecting the personal information that you – our registered users and visitors – share with us, and explaining how we collect, process, and share that information online.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information collected on websites, mobile applications, or controlled widgets embedded in communication platforms with a link to this Privacy Policy (“Sites”). By Personal Information, we mean information that identifies you personally and directly. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other information collected by PTI through any other means. It covers how we collect, use, and share Personal Information as of the date that this Privacy Policy is posted. This Policy also doesn’t apply to any Sites maintained or operated by other companies or linked to our Sites.
Your Consent to Transfer Your Personal Information to the United States. PTI is headquartered in the United States. If you decide to use the Sites, your Personal Information may be transferred to the United States, and processed in several countries according to the terms described in this Privacy Policy. The laws in the United States or other countries may not be considered adequate by authorities in your home country. If you prefer not to have your Personal Information transferred outside your home country, don’t use the Sites. Otherwise, by using the Sites, you expressly consent and authorize PTI to transfer your Personal Information to destinations outside your home country, and process it according to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
WHAT TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT OUR USERS?
We collect information about you including Personal Information you voluntarily provide to us. We don't require you to give us Personal Information to access public areas of our Sites. This is true unless you live in a country that defines Personal Information to include network identifiers like your Internet Protocol addresses. Certain secure areas of our Sites, however, enable authentication or require you to provide Personal Information when you use specific features on our Sites. If you can’t or choose not to provide us with the Personal Information we reasonably require, we may be unable to provide you with the information or services you have requested. For example, we may collect Personal Information from you when you:
Register for training classes
Request customer or technical support
Purchase goods or services
Information we collect about you, for example, may include your:
Name
Company name
Postal address
Geolocation (your device’s longitudinal and latitudinal information)
E-mail address
Telephone or mobile number
Payment card information
Demographic information
We may also collect certain demographic information (e.g., gender, country of residence, preferences) you provide to us, and may sometimes also combine it with your Personal Information.
Pseudo-Anonymized Information
In some situations, we may collect, use, and share emotion metrics, analytics, mobile apps used, and other information that no longer identifies you personally, with certain identifiers removed, for trend monitoring, market or product research, and overall technological enhancements.
Device Information
Depending on the permissions you’ve granted and other factors, we may receive information about your location and mobile device when you download or use apps created by our Sites, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, certain player search results, and other personalized content. Examples of the device information we collect include:
Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers;
Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals; or
Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and timezone, mobile phone number, and IP address.
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services, and we encourage you to contact your device manufacturer for detailed instructions on how to do that.
Payment Information
If you purchase a product or service on our Sites, we may collect payment card information from you directly or through a service provider, including your name, expiration date, authentication code, and billing address. We transmit this information consistent with payment card industry rules and practices to the appropriate payment facilitators. We may offer you the option to save information about the method and choice of payment on our Sites. If you save this payment card information on our Sites, you will be able to add, delete, or modify that information at any time using your account settings.
DO WE ADVERTISE ONLINE?
We advertise in a number of ways, including online through managed social media presences, and on other unaffiliated sites and mobile applications. To understand how our advertising campaigns are performing, we may collect certain information via our Sites through our advertising service providers. We (or our vendors) use several common online tracking tools to collect this information, such as browser and flash cookies, web beacons and other, similar technologies. The information we collect includes IP addresses, the number of page visits, pages viewed via our Sites, search engine referrals, browsing activities over time and across other websites following your visit to one of our Sites or applications, and responses to advertisements and promotions on the websites and applications where we advertise.
Controlling Our Tracking Tools
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so, however, depends on your browser and the type of cookie. Certain browsers can be set to reject all browser cookies. If you configure your computer to block all cookies, you may disrupt certain web page features and limit the functionality we can provide when you visit or use our Sites. If you block or delete cookies, not all of the tracking that we have described in this policy will stop. Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. These browser features are still not uniform, so we are not currently set up to respond to those signals.
Controlling Online Interest-Based Ads
We sometimes work with online advertising vendors to provide you with relevant and useful ads (for example, we may use Google technologies (among others). You may learn more about how Google technologies work at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). This may include ads served on or through our Sites. This may also include ads served on other companies’ websites, online accounts, or mobile applications. These ads may be based on information collected by us or third parties. For example, your postal code may be used to target an ad for people in your area. These ads may also be based on your activities on our Sites or on third party websites, online accounts, or mobile applications.
To learn more about Interest-Based Advertising or to generally opt-out of this type of advertising by those third parties that are members of the self-regulatory programs such as the Network Advertising Initiative, please visit the NAI’s website (www.networkadvertising.org), which will allow you to opt out of Interest-Based Advertising by one, or all, NAI members. For more information about our ad service provider and its cookies, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, you may visit www.aboutads.info/choices . In addition, users may prevent Google’s collection of data generated by your use of the Sites (including your IP address) by downloading and installing a Browser Plugin available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Minors and Children Under 13
Our Sites are not intended for those under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 13 or knowingly track the use of our Sites by these minor users.
HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In accordance with applicable law, we may share what we know about you with affiliated and unaffiliated third parties for their marketing activities, or for any purpose allowed by law (California residents see below). In certain instances, we may also help advertisers better reach our users by providing your device ID and type, geographic and geolocation information, language preferences, demographic, and other information obtained from you and other companies. We may run joint or co-sponsored programs or promotions with unaffiliated companies and, as part of that, collect, use, and may share certain information about you, only for the purpose of those programs or promotions. Finally, we may share collected location for Interest-Based Advertising, allowing certain advertisers to infer interests and serve ads to our users based on activity and location over time.
Whatever the purpose may be, we only process and share information about you to the extent reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and other legitimate business objectives. When we disclose information about you to external entities that perform services on our behalf, they may access that information only for the purposes of performing those services. We may also use what we know about you to offer you other products and services. We may combine your online information with information collected from other sources or information we already have. We may also use and disclose what we know about you to our affiliates and others for any purpose allowed by law.
Business Activities
We process and may use information about you to:
Respond to your questions about our product or services;
Help you match your contacts against our directory of registered users;
Identify new visitors to our Sites and recognize returning visitors;
Send you tailored communications, including ads, electronic newsletters, or other offers tailored to you
Enable our advertisers to provide you with more personalized content, advertise on other sites and mobile applications, and track the effectiveness of certain advertising campaigns;
Determine whether you might be interested in new products or services;
Better understand our audience, customers, or other visitors to our Sites;
Comply with applicable law, obey judicial orders, cooperate with law enforcement authorities, or prevent any suspected illegal activities; or
For any other everyday business purposes, such as product development and administration of the Sites.
Authorized Service Providers
We use other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Those functions include payment card processors, CRM databases, web analytics, and/or analyzing or hosting data on cloud-based servers, and other companies that help us improve our products and services. We may disclose your information about you to these companies and other individuals only for the purposes of performing services on our behalf in the United States or other locations where we may conduct business at that time.
For California Residents
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents may opt-out of a company’s disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for its direct marketing purposes. If you wish to opt-out of our sharing your Personal Information with third parties for marketing purposes, you may do so at any time by sending us an email at info@pti-usa.com with subject line “CA Opt Out.” Please make sure to send this request from the email account registered with us and tell us the application you are emailing about; if you have more than one account associated with that email address, please also include your specific User ID for which you are making the request. We will take steps to process your request shortly after we receive your request. Please know that this opt-out request does not, however, prohibit disclosures made for other non-marketing purposes.
Sale of the Businesses
If we sell all or part of our business, information about you may be transferred to the purchaser in connection with that transaction. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to include contractual provisions that require the purchaser to treat your Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Other Disclosures
We may otherwise disclose information about you as permitted or required by law, when we believe in good faith it is necessary for safety purposes, required for legal reporting, or to protect our legal rights or enforce our Terms of Use or any applicable rules, or to protect the rights of others. We may also disclose information about you to our auditors, legal advisers, or to respond to a subpoena. We may also aggregate information that we gather about you, online sales, traffic patterns, and services, and provide these statistics to others in aggregate form.
WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE ABOUT THE COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you wish for us to stop receiving marketing communications or newsletters you signed up to receive from us, you can opt-out any time by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of those communications.
If you wish for us to stop sharing your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for marketing activities, please contact us at info@pti-usa.com with subject line “Opt Out.”. We will honor your request shortly after we receive it, and your request will only apply as of that date onward.
WHAT KINDS OF SECURITY MEASURES DO WE TAKE TO SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
The security and confidentiality of your Personal Information matters to us. That’s why we have technical, administrative, and physical controls in place to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. We also review our security procedures periodically to consider appropriate technology and methods.
HOW CAN YOU FILE A COMPLAINT, ASK QUESTIONS, OR SEND US COMMENTS ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
If you have any questions, have a complaint, or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, contact us directly at info@pti-usa.com with subject line “Question” or write to us at the address below. We will investigate your complaint and use reasonable efforts to respond to you as soon as possible.
Our postal address is:
PTI
1440 Timberwolf Drive
Holland, OH 43528
HOW WILL YOU KNOW IF WE AMEND THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any material change to the way we collect, use, disclose, or otherwise process Personal Information, we will prominently post a link to the updated Privacy Policy. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective 10 days after we post the updated Privacy Policy. Where required to do so by law, we may seek your prior consent to any material changes we make to this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with our Privacy Policy changes, you may exercise your then-available options to opt-out. Further, if a separate agreement exists between you and us (“Separate Agreement”), and the terms of this Privacy Policy conflict with the terms of the Separate Agreement, the provisions of the Separate Agreement will govern to the extent of the conflict.