http://www.openvpms.org/about/privacy
Skip to Navigation
OpenVPMS
Log in using OpenID:
What is OpenID?
Username: *
Password: *
Log in using OpenID
Cancel OpenID login
Create new account
Request new password
Login or Join the Community (free)[You only need to join if you want to post to our forums or subscribe or donate.]
Home ›
OpenVPMS Privacy Policy
This Policy covers when, why and how we collect personal information on OpenVPMS website visitors and users.
It details how we use this information, the conditions under which we may disclose it to other parties, and how we keep it secure.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
When is information collected?
We obtain information about you when you use our website or use our product.
On our website:
When you browse our website
When you contact us
When you register for an account
Our product:
When you submit error reports
What information do we collect?
When accessing our website, personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, phone number and business details.
In Australia, this may include your ABN Number.
When submitting error reports, personal information we collect includes your email address.
If you buy a subscription or make a donation, we do not hold your card information.
It is collected by PayPal, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions.
How do we use personal information?
We use your personal information for:
administrative purposes
managing OpenVPMS subscriptions. This includes annual subscription reminders, sent via email.
periodic newsletters
notification of forum updates, if you have turned on notifications
security
Who can access your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
We may disclose your details to third party service providers working on our behalf, for example to send you emails.
We will only use third party service providers that comply with the EU General Data Protection Legislation (GDPR)
Where do we store and process personal data?
The security of your data is important to us. Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorised employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
We store personal information on secure servers that are managed by us and our service providers, outside the EU. These comply with the EU General Data Protection Legislation (GDPR).
Personal information that we store or transmit is protected by security and access controls, including username and password authentication, and data encryption where appropriate.
How do we secure personal data?
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business and need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any particular regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
How long do we keep your personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Your rights in relation to personal data
Your duty to inform us of changes
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes.
Your rights in connection with personal information
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you.
Request erasure of your personal information.
Object to processing of your personal information.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information.
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party.
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your personal information to another party, please contact admin[at]openvpms[dot]org.
Opt out
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us.
If you no longer want to receive forum notifications, you can change your preferences via the My Profile link.
If you no longer want to receive subscription reminders, email admin[at]openvpms[dot]org and we will process your request within 7 days.
How to contact us?
You can ask questions about this Policy and our privacy practices by emailing admin[at]openvpms[dot]org.
Use of cookies
Like many other websites, the  OpenVPMS website uses cookies. Cookies' are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Google Analytics
When you visit the OpenVPMS website, we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to learn things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is processed in a way that does not identify any individual person. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identity of anyone visiting our website.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Links to other websites
Where we link to other websites or third parties, this does not constitute endorsement of those resources.
Our website may contain links to other websites, plug-ins and applications run by other organisations. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. This privacy policy applies only to our website and what we do‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites, even if you access them using links from our website.
Login or register to post comments
About OpenVPMSFeatures
Frequently Asked Questions
Demonstration
UsersUsers Forum
Help
Resource LibraryAbout
Catalogue
Using
Community Documentation
Projects
Steering Committee
Service Contacts
ImplementorsImplementors Forum
Implementation Documentation
DownloadOpenVPMS web applicationLicense
Subscriptions
Pay subscription
Download
Customisation
DevelopersDevelopers Forum
Developer Documentation
Bug / Issue management (Atlassian Jira)
Source code
About          Contact Us          Privacy
Thanks to our sponsors:
OpenVPMS is developed with the help of various tools including the Java profiler