http://www.resumesnapper.com/privacy.html
Instantly Distribute Your
Resume to 100's of Recruiters and Headhunters -- Starting $39
GENERAL INFO
JOB SEEKERS
RECRUITERS
EARN MONEY
Home
Order Now
Sign-up to Receive
Free Resumes
Affiliate Program
Contact
Prices
Login
Tell A Friend
About this Wonderful Service
Recruiter FAQs
Recruiter Count
Job-Seeker FAQs
Get a Professional
Resume
Privacy Policy
Protecting the confidentiality of
the information you submit to Resumesnapper.com is of
great importance to us. We will use our best efforts
to ensure that submitted information is kept private
and used only in the ways described below. If you have
further questions regarding our commitment to you,
please feel free to contact us at
info@resumesnapper.com.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your resume, cover letter and all
related information submitted for distribution of your
resume is considered strictly confidential, and unless
required by law to do so, Resumesnapper.com will not
disclose that information to anyone without your
authorization. On your ordering our distribution
services, we will distribute your resume, cover letter
and related information (provided by you) to our
network of recruiters.
We may make you aware of products
and services that we believe may be of interest to
you, or contact you regarding changes in our products
and services. You may opt-out of receiving these types
of communications from us. Opt-out information will be
provided in such marketing related communications.
For those who submit their email
address to receive free career updates and
newsletters:
Your email address will be used
to send you newsletters, career updates and
product/service information from resumesnapper.com and
affiliated companies. We may send you updates,
advertisements or marketing information in these
newsletters. All advertisers will be required to send
their ads through us. We will never at any point of
time sell or rent these email addresses or your
personal data to third parties.
If you input information on a
site with a link or an ad on Resumesnapper.com's
website  your information may become the property of
such third party. We are not responsible for the
information that any such partner company receives.
RECRUITER DATA
When recruiters sign up to
receive free resumes, we collect some information.
This information will be regarded as confidential. We
will send recruiters that opt-in to receive a free
newsletter with relevant advertisements and materials
that may be of interest to the recruiters. Recruiters
can opt-out of receiving newsletters and such material
at any point of time. We will also contact recruiters
to provide information relevant to our services,
policies, offerings etc. We will not any point of time
rent or sell recruiter information to third parties.
Recruiters may periodically receive advertisements
through our newsletters. All ads will be routed
through us only.
STATISTICAL DATA
We may collect and group
information of those who use our site or services. The
data collected may be used anonymously and in groups
to improve our services and offerings and for
planning, marketing, and advertising our services. We
may share this information with our affiliates and
partners, but all your personal information will
remain anonymous.
SURVEYS
We may conduct surveys/research
studies or provide areas within our site where you can
submit feedback to us. It is not necessary to provide
such information, but if you do provide it, any such
information submitted to us through these methods
become the property of Resumesnapper.com. We may use
this information and feedback for marketing purposes.
CREDIT CARD
We do not collect your credit
card information, we use professional credit card
processing companies to process all our transactions.
While submitting your credit card information you will
be taken to our credit card processing company's
secure website. Information on the merchant being used
will be provided on the payment page. You may contact
the merchant to find out more about their privacy and
security policies. Although we are very careful about
the merchants we work with, resumesnapper.com is not
responsible for the actions of these credit card
processing companies.
CHANGES IN THE PRIVACY POLICY
All changes in our privacy policy
will be updated on this page. Please visit this page
regularly to learn more about privacy policy. For
further questions send us an email at:
info@resumesnapper.com
HOME   ORDER NOW   RECRUITER
SIGN-UP   PRICES   TELL
A FRIEND   CONTACT
US
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE Dontspendmore.com
Sai Mandir
Copyright
©
Resume Corner, All rights reserved, 2003