http://www.northeasterntech.com/privacy-policy
#
Supplies
Careers
Find Local Office
Products
ABR - ASSR
Audiometers
Hearing Aid Test Systems
Newborn Hearing Screening
TeleAudiology
Occupational Health - Industrial
Otoacoustic Emissions - OAE
Otoscopes
Sound Rooms - Suites
System Software
Tympanometry - Middle Ear Analyzers
Vestibular - Balance
Vision Screeners
VRA - COR Systems
Supplies
Services
Calibration Services
Repair Services
Preventative Maintenance Services
Resources
Download Center
Promotions
E-Learning
National Conferences
Pre-recorded Webinars
Webinars
Blog
Events
Offices
New York
Somerset
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to e3 Diagnostics. Our commitment to your privacy includes:
Under no circumstances will e3 Diagnostics rent or sell information about our customers and/or individual visitors to this Website.
e3 Diagnostics respects the privacy of visitors to this Website. e3 Diagnostics will only collect personally identifiable data, such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address, when it is voluntarily submitted to e3 Diagnostics at this Website. e3 Diagnostics may use this information to comply with your request for information, or as otherwise disclosed to you at the specific location at which you submit your information. From time to time, e3 Diagnostics may consider the information to better understand your needs and how we can improve the quality of this Website and e3 Diagnostics may use the information to contact you.
This Website also uses information to track the total number of visitors to this Website, the total number of visitors to each page of this Website, and the domain names and country of origin of our visitors or their internet service providers. Normally no personally identifiable information is available in this process.
This Website is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. e3 Diagnostics does not collect personally identifiable data from any person e3 Diagnostics knows to be under the age of 13.
The privacy policies and procedures of e3 Diagnostics described herein do not apply to third-party sites. e3 Diagnostics suggests that you contact those third-party sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.
MINORS: We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors. You must be 18 years or older to use our website. If you are not 18 years or older, you must leave our site immediately.
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: In addition and/or in accordance with the rest of our Privacy Policy, you have a right to know and request information regarding the categories of personal information and actual personal information we collect or sell, as well as what categories of personal information and actual personal information we share with or sell to third parties and categories of third parties.
You also have the right to request the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, as well as the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
You have the right to edit this information or request its deletion. To submit an information request, you can e-mail us at USPrivacy@Demant.com or call us at 855.400.9766.
We have the right to verify the identity of a user before providing information related to that user’s request.
Information requests may take up to 45 days to process; we reserve the right to extend this period by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary. If we extend processing your request, we will notify you within 45 days from your initial request.
Additionally, you have the right to opt out of having your personal information sold to third parties.
You may opt out here.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights regarding your personal information.
You do not need to create an account to opt out of the sale of your information.
Pursuant to the Attorney General’s regulations, a consumer may authorize another person solely to opt out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information on the consumer’s behalf.
For purposes of this section, “personal information” means, but is not limited to: “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, the following if it identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household”.
Home
>
Privacy Policy
>
Menu
Blog
Services
Offices
Webshop
Careers
e3 Diagnostics represents
Expertise: Personalized,
agnostic consultation
Excellence: World-leading
technology and service
Everyday: Relationships
that go beyond a sale
Customer Service
(800) 323-4371
info@e3diagnostics.com
MON - FRI: 8am-5pm CST
Find Local Office
Shop Online
Browse our audiology supplies web shop today and stock up on products from the industry’s best brands!
Go to our Webshop
© 2013-2019 e3 Diagnostics. All Rights Reserved.
info@e3diagnostics.com | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | 3333 N Kennicott Ave., Arlington Heights, IL.  60004