http://www.bwsc.dk/privacy-policy
Legal
Privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
It is important to Burmeister & Wain Scandinavian Contractor A/S (BWSC) and our subsidiaries (hereafter, comprising all, referred to as BWSC Group) to ensure a proper handling of your personal data. We aim to process your personal data in a transparent and secure method, and it is important that you read our privacy policy, which describes how we handle your personal data.
Personal data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable living individual. The purpose of this policy is to describe how BWSC collects and process data when you visit our website.
The policy applies to www.bwsc.com and any other domains redirected to this domain. The policy does not apply to any other BWSC controlled systems collecting data. Privacy policies for other systems are be available in the system in question.
Data controller
BWSC is the legal entity and as such, the data controller in accordance to the Danish Data Protection Act. We process personal data in accordance with the Danish Data Protection Act and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679).
Burmeister & Wain Scandinavian Contractor A/S
Gydevang 35
DK-3540 Allerød
Denmark
P: +45 4814 0022
F: +45 4814 0150
bwsc@bwsc.dk
Collection of personal data
BWSC collects cookie data. Some cookies are necessary for the website to work. Others are used for statistics and marketing purposes. Read more about cookies and our use of them on our cookies page.
Recipients of your personal data
BWSC might share data with:
BWSC Group
Ultimate parent company: Mitsui E&S Holdings Co., Ltd.
Suppliers; including IT suppliers cooperating to assist BWSC with online presence
Transfer of data to countries outside the EU
Some subsidiaries in the BWSC Group as well as the ultimate parent company are located in countries outside the EU. If personal data is shared with these companies, it will be treated in accordance with the Danish Data Protection Act and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679).
Contact BWSC
If you need to contact BWSC regarding the processing of personal data, please write to bwsc@bwsc.dk or call us at +45 4814 0022.
If you are not happy with our response, you can make a complaint to the Danish data protection authority: www.datatilsynet.dk
Changes in our privacy policy
This privacy policy replaces all previous versions related to the website privacy. We reserve the right to update the policy on an ongoing basis. If a major amendment is made to the policy, details of such major change will be shared in a news update on the website.
This privacy policy was last updated in October 2019.