https://www.gicdirect.com/privacy-policy/
Talk To Us! 1-877-551-7283
Login
Privacy Policy
GICdirect.com Financial Services Ltd. (“we”, “GICdirect.com”, “the company”) understands that client information is an extremely valuable asset. We follow strict security standards and procedures to protect client information with internal office practices, enhanced online security, data encryption, email security protocol and sharing information.
1.Internal Office Practices
GICdirect.com ensures all Employees, Associates and Consultants keep all client files and information in the strictest confidence at all times. Client information does not leave the office premises for any reason. All files and information are kept in close proximity during use and never left unattended in accessible areas. All files and information are put away in locked cabinets after business hours. GICdirect.com has a security system for the office which is set each evening and the code is changed on a quarterly basis.
2.Enhanced Online Security and Data Encryption
GICdirect.com has upgraded the client management system to W-Connect, an online system where all client information is behind an encrypted user ID/password system, so data is fully secure and not publicly available.
3.Email Security Protocol
GICdirect.com has implemented a new email security protocol and will not send personal information via email, unless password protected or encrypted.
4.Sharing Information
GICdirect.com does not share any client information unless requested in writing by the account holder.
GICdirect.com ensures all Employees, Associates and Consultants understand and practice the security measures outlined in the Privacy Policy and will answer all questions related to information security, enforcement and application. GICdirect.com will keep the Privacy Policy up to date and ensure risk assessments are completed for new initiatives, including business applications and/or the computing environment.
Paper/Electronic Files Retention
GICdirect.com follows policies and standards set by the industry for client information lifecycle, i.e., retention of physical files for 7yrs and destruction of information after 7yrs.
Client Record and Personal Information
We hold the personal information we collect about you (and your spouse and/or dependent(s) and/or beneficiary as applicable) for the purposes of your Guaranteed Investment Certificate application for purchase. Depending on the application or renewal of your GIC, the personal information in your client file (physical and electronic) may include your name, address, phone number, social insurance number (“SIN”), birth date, ID (Primary and Secondary) account holdings, and the name, address, and SIN of your spouse and/or dependent(s) and/or beneficiary.
This information is required for but not excluded to; identifying you and ensuring the accuracy of information contained in your client record, establishing and administering your account, determining, maintaining, recording, and storing account holdings and transaction information in your client record, providing you with account statements, transaction confirmations, maturity notices and other information which you may request as needed to service your account and meeting legal and regulatory requirements.
Location of Your Client Record
Your client record is kept in electronic format on W-Connect and a copy in paper format at your GICdirect.com Associate Office and at GICdirect.com Head Office, Victoria, BC. To request access to your client record, please contact your GICdirect.com Associate or GICdirect.com Head Office at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.”>info@gicdirect.com or call us at 250-592-7707 or 877-551-7283.
Right to Access and Rectify Personal Information
You are provided a copy of all the documentation required for your GIC at the time of purchase however, you are entitled to a copy of your client file at anytime. You may verify your personal information and request that any inaccurate information be corrected. To access and correct your personal information, please contact your GICdirect.com Associate or email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.”>info@gicdirect.com or call us at 250-592-7707 or 877-551-7283.
Privacy Breaches
All Employees, Associates and Consultants have an obligation to report actual or suspected breaches of information security and to cooperate with incident investigations. These actual or suspected breaches will be reported and managed consistent with the Privacy Commission to ensure necessary follow up and response. Failure to report actual or suspected breaches of information security will be considered a violation of the Privacy Policy.
Tracking Information on www.gicdirect.com
Each time a visitor comes to GICdirect.com, we collect information to improve the overall quality of the online experience, such as the visitor’s domain name, referral data and browser and platform type. We also log IP addresses to track a user’s session. This gives GICdirect.com an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a users session will be tracked but the user will be anonymous and we do not use “cookies” in the delivery of our web site.
Subscribe Now on www.gicdirect.com
After signing up, users will receive a Quarterly Newsletter, Rate Updates and Bank of Canada Announcement Summaries. You may unsubscribe at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions found at the bottom of each email communication.