http://www.quidel.com/privacy-policy-eea
Skip to main content
Molecular Diagnostics
Immunoassays
DHI Cell Culture & Fluorescent Tests
Research
Customer Support
Careers
By Disease / Condition
Hospital Acquired Infection (HAI):
C. difficile
Respiratory:
Coronavirus
Adenovirus
Bordetella
Influenza
Metapneumovirus
Parainfluenza Virus
RSV
Strep
Lesion:
HSV
VZV
Women's Health:
Group B Strep
Trichomonas
Explore all our...
Helicase Dependent Amplification Assays
Real-time RT-PCR Assays
Instrumentation
Controls & Supplies
Browse by brand...
AmpliVue
Lyra
Solana
Serosep
By Disease / Condition
Autoimmune:
Inflammatory & Autoimmune
Bone Health:
Osteoporosis
Colorectal Cancer:
Fecal Occult Blood
Gastrointestinal:
Campylobacter
H. pylori
Lactoferrin
Eye Health
Acute Conjunctivitis
Dry Eye Disease
Respiratory:
Coronavirus
Influenza
Legionella
Mononucleosis
RSV
S. pneumoniae
Strep
STD/Women’s Health:
Chlamydia
Pregnancy (hCG)
Vector-borne Illness
Lyme
Explore all our...
Fluorescent Immunoassays (FIA)
Rapid Visual Tests
ELISA Immunoassays (EIA)
Instrumentation
Controls & Supplies
Specialty Products
Browse by brand...
MicroVue
QuickVue
Sofia
Virena
InflammaDry
Triage
By Disease / Condition
Respiratory Family Testing:
Adenovirus
Influenza
Metapneumovirus
Parainfluenza
RSV
Herpes Family Testing:
Cytomegalovirus (CMV)
Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV)
Varicella-zoster Virus
C. difficile Testing
C. difficile
Chlamydia Testing:
Chlamydia
Enterovirus Testing:
Enterovirus
Thyroid Testing:
Grave’s Disease
Explore all our...
Cell Culture
Fluorescent Antibody Kits & Reagents
Bioassays
Media & Culture Solutions
Collection & Transport
Controls & Supplies
Browse by brand...
D³
ELVIS
FreshCells
ReadyCells
Thyretain
Copan
CustomCells
By Disease / Condition
Cancer
Inflammatory & Autoimmune
Osteoporosis
Metabolic Syndrome:
Diabetes
Explore all our...
Bone Health Reagents
Complement Depleted Sera
Complement Proteins
Complement Reagents
ELISA (EIA) Kits
Monoclonal Antibodies
Polyclonal Antisera
Specialty Products
Browse by brand...
MicroVue
Immutopics
BioPorto
Pathway
TECOmedical
CustomCells
Customer Service
Technical Support
MyQuidel
COVID-19 Solutions
COVID-19 Requests
Request Information
International Support
Package Inserts
HHS Nursing Homes
Webinars
Certificates
Symbols Glossary
Terms & Conditions
Diversity and Inclusion
Benefits
Job Opportunities
Recruiters/Temp Agencies
Employee Data Privacy
You are hereHome » Quidel EEA Privacy and Cookie Notice
Quidel EEA Privacy and Cookie Notice
WHAT IS A PRIVACY NOTICE AND WHY IS IT IMPORTANT
We know your personal information is important to you and it is also important to Quidel Corporation together with its subsidiary companies (referred to as “Quidel”, “we”, “us”, “our”).
This Privacy Notice applies to individuals based in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and your use of our websites including but not limited to www.quidel.com (“Our Site”) and tells you what we use your personal information for and explains your rights around how we use it. Please read this Privacy Notice to understand how and why we use your personal information when you use Our Site. If you do not agree with the personal data practices described in this Privacy Notice, please do not use Our Site.
The terms “you” and “your” refers to visitors to Our Site.
1. WHO CONTROLS YOUR INFORMATION?
For the purposes of applicable EEA data protection legislation, Quidel Corporation and Quidel Ireland Limited are data controllers. You will find our contact details in the “Contact us” section below.
2. INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT AND PROCESS
We may collect and process the following categories of data:
Information you give us
We receive and store information you enter on Our Site or you give us in any other way when you fill in an online technical support form, request information form, access to myQuidel, request investor email alerts and seek further information about careers at Quidel. This includes but may not be limited to:
Technical support form and Request Information form:
Name;
Email address;
Phone numbers;
Company name,
Country;
Address
State.
Details about support issue/request.
Details about request
In addition to the above personal data, you also input the following when you use MyQuidel:
Title
Role
Department
Organisation name
Facility Name and Type
Investors Relations:
Name;
Email address;
Investor’s options for which materials are to be sent to the investor: News, SEC filings, etc.
Quidel Careers:
CV and resume
Passive Collection of Information & use of ‘Cookies’:
Cookies are small data files that are automatically sent from a web server to your browser and stored on your computer. Cookies can only be read by the server that sent it to your web browser.
The use of Cookies does not in any way compromise the security of your computer however, certain features of Quidel websites may not work without use of Cookies.
Even if you do not explicitly provide us with information, Quidel may gather information about visitors to this Site when it aggregates information gathered by tracking the usage of certain features available on this Site. The collection of this information enables Quidel to tailor the Site's content to your needs and helps us to keep you informed of information that you may find of interest.
The information in the activity log may be anonymous and therefore may not identify you individually, however such information, in conjunction with other information that we hold, may also be capable of identifying you and so may constitute personal data within the meaning of personal data legislation. The information our server collects may include among other data:
Registered domain or home server;
Your IP address;
Your browser type and;
Your referring URL
We may collect this information passively using technologies such as standard server logs and cookies.  We use passively-collected information to administer, operate, and improve Our Site and to tailor the Site's content to your needs and helps us to keep you informed of information that you may find of interest.
If, by virtue of applicable laws in your country, any of the information gathered through these passive means constitutes or includes personal data, or if, through linking or associating any information gathered through passive means with any other personal information, we treat the combined information as personal data, the terms of this Privacy Notice will apply. Otherwise, we use and disclose information collected by passive means in aggregate form or otherwise in a non-personally identifiable form.
We may also process other information, which is not personal data within the meaning of data protection law.
To find out more about cookies visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
3. WHY WE COLLECT AND PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION
Without collecting and using the information you provide to us or we obtain about you, it would not be possible for us to provide you with adequate responses about our products and/or services.
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
to respond to your enquiry;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products that you request from us;
to provide you with information about new products or services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about, special offers;
in order to carry out and administer the operation of Quidel’s business;
to provide you with access to myQuidel which will enable you to download and install instrument updates (USA only), report software updates and manage their instruments online;
to provide investors with emails alerts and other requested information;
to provide you with further information about careers at Quidel;
to review your CV/resume for prospective positions within Quidel;
communicate with you about our products that might be of interest to you, based on the information you have shared with us. See Direct Marketing below
to contact you from time to time for market research purposes. We may contact you by email; and
to notify you about important functionality changes to Our Site;
Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:
to help us determine how people use Our Site and to improve the Site’s performance and usefulness;
to improve our products and services to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
Information we receive from other sources.
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
We must have lawful bases to collect and use your personal information, the below sets these out:
Needed for your contract. Personal information about you is held and used to:
to allow us to undertake the terms and conditions as outlined in your contract with us;
provide you with a quote;
provide you with information about the product/ service;
allow you to download and install instrument updates (USA only), report software updates and manage their instruments online
Required by law: We use your personal information to comply with law and regulations. For example:
keeping proper books and records;
audit purposes;
to comply with any other legal obligations to which we are subject;
Our legitimate interest. We use your personal information for our legitimate interests as shown below. We have taken account of any privacy risks and ensured that your data protection rights are not affected. We believe these uses benefit our website visitors and customers. You can contact us if you have any questions using the contact details below.
Statistical Analysis: we combine and group personal information for analysis to help us understand our website visitors and customers and develop better products and services;
Prevention of fraud;
Provision of customer care and service;
for direct marketing purposes.
With your consent: From time to time we would like to contact you to:
provide you with information on products or services which we feel may interest you;
gauge satisfaction with the products and/ or services you received from us;
provide investors with email alerts in respect of press releases. The Site provides the investor with options for which materials are to be sent to the investor: News, SEC filings, etc;
provide job seekers with information regarding prospective roles in Quidel.
4. DIRECT MARKETING
If you are a current customer of Quidel, Quidel may wish to provide you with information about our products that might be of interest to you, based on the information you have shared with us and through other sources, as outlined above. Quidel will take care to ensure that we communicate with you solely on information that is specifically relevant to your professional role and we will only contact you using your business email address.
If at any time you decide not to receive any promotional information related to our product from us, please email us at emeadataprotection@quidel.com and mention “OPT-OUT” in the subject of your email. Alternatively, you may also unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of all of our e-mails.
Please note that if you opt not to receive promotional messages from us, we may still continue to send you relevant information for other lawful purposes, such as to respond to your requests, or to provide you with information that Quidel is required by law to provide, e.g. regarding product recalls.
5. WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH
Quidel Group
We may disclose your personal information to all companies, subsidiary and holding companies within the Quidel group (the “Quidel Group”) for the administration and management of our business and compliance with applicable laws rules and regulations, and internal policies and procedures across the Quidel Group (including statutory reporting and disclosures to regulatory authorities).
Governmental, regulatory, etc.
We may disclose your personal information to a governmental or regulatory body (including tax authorities, law enforcement agencies and financial regulators) in order to comply with a legal obligation or to any person pursuant to an order of a court or tribunal.
Professional Advisors and Experts
We may also disclose your information to our solicitors, auditors, insurance advisors and financial services advisors.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you (for example, professional advisors, IT systems providers and communications providers, marketing services providers).
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our products or services.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If the shares in one or more of the Quidel Group or substantially all of the assets of one or more of the Quidel Group are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers may be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation and agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Quidel, its customers, or others.
6. DATA RETENTION PERIODS
It is our aim to only hold your data for as long as this is necessary.
How long Quidel will hold your personal data for will vary and will be determined by the following criteria:
The purpose for which Quidel is using it – Quidel will need to keep the data for as long as is necessary for that purpose; and
Legal obligations – laws or regulation may set a minimum period for which Quidel has to keep your personal data.
7. SECURITY:
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal data.
As effective as modern security practices are, no physical or electronic security system is entirely secure. The transmission of information via the internet is also not completely secure. We cannot guarantee the complete security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet. We will continue to revise policies and implement additional security features as new technologies become available.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal data transmitted to us. Any transmission of data is at your own risk. Once we receive your personal data, we use appropriate security measures to seek to prevent unauthorised access.
8. TRANSFERS OF YOUR INFORMATION OUTSIDE OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
We store your information in different locations. Electronic files are stored on our secure servers in Ireland and the United States of America or in the cloud.
We use cloud solutions for web hosting or proprietary software solutions delivered through the Cloud. Our use of servers and cloud solutions may involve transferring your information outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
We may in some circumstances need to transfer your information to our other offices or agents and contractors located outside the European Economic Area.
Where we transfer your personal data outside the EEA, we will ensure that it is protected in a manner that is consistent with how your personal data will be protected by Quidel in the EEA. Under applicable data protection legislation, this can be done in a number of ways, for instance:
The country that Quidel sends the data to might be approved by the European Commission as offering an adequate level of protection for personal data;
The recipient might have signed up to a contract based on “model contractual clauses” approved by the European Commission, obliging them to protect your personal data; or
Where the recipient is located in the US, it might be a certified member of the EU-US Privacy Shield scheme.
In other circumstances the law may permit Quidel to otherwise transfer your personal data outside the EEA. In all cases, Quidel will ensure that any transfer of your personal data is done in accordance with data protection law.
You can obtain more details of the protection given to your personal data if it is transferred outside the EEA by contacting us as described below.
9. YOUR RIGHTS
As an individual based in the European Economic Area (EEA), under EU law you have the right to request that we:
provide you with information as to whether we process your data and details relating to our processing, and that we provide you with a copy of your data (‘access right’).
rectify and/ or update any inaccurate data we might have about you without undue delay (‘right to rectification’).;
the right to object to processing of data relating to you (‘right to object’).
under certain circumstances, be restricted from processing your data (‘right to restriction’).
under certain circumstances, erase your personal data without undue delay (i.e. the “right to erasure”). and
under certain circumstances, furnish you with the personal data which you provided us with in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format (‘right to data portability’).
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority at any time.
Irish Data Protection Commission – telephone: +353 57 8684800, +353 (0)761 104 800 or via e-mail on info@dataprotection.ie
Where we process your data solely on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of our processing before the withdrawal.
The exercise of your rights might be subject to certain conditions and we might require further information from you before we can respond to your request.
You may exercise your rights by contacting our Data Protection Champion at the address or e-mail address provided below.
10. OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, Quidel does not intend to or knowingly collect or maintain personally-identifiable information from children under 13.
11. CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
We reserve the right to change this Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. If we make any changes, we will publish those changes on our website. At the bottom of this document you will find the date on which this Notice was last updated.
12. CONTACT US
Questions, comments, requests and complaints regarding this Notice and the information we hold should be addressed to us at:
Contact details of Data Controller:
Quidel Ireland Limited
2nd Floor, Merchants Square
Merchants Road
Galway
Ireland, H91 ETN2
Data Protection Champion, John Glynn, emeadataprotection@quidel.com
We endeavour to deal with all requests promptly and efficiently.
How To Buy
Online Order Request
OR - Contact Your Local Distributor
Evaluate a Kit
Accept
By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. For more details please see our Privacy and Cookie Notice.