http://www.digicon.ab.ca/legal/end-user-terms-and-conditions
NBS ChorusManufacturersGet in touchBOOK A DEMOROI Calculator
1-866-278-9954
Manufacturers
United Kingdom / Global
NBS logo
NBS
HomeFeaturesArticlesAbout NBSContact
HomeFeaturesArticlesAbout NBSContact
NBS ChorusManufacturersGet in touchBOOK A DEMOROI Calculator
1-866-278-9954
Smarter construction specification
Work more effectively, collaborate better and connect your model and specification
Watch video
Sign in
Online specification tool
Chorus is a fully online specification platform for the construction industry, designed to help you get it right first time and save you time. It’s easy to use and can be accessed anywhere, on any capable device. All that’s required is an internet connection.
Privacy and security
Comprehensive, standardized content
Ensure that you stay up to date at all times and reduce your risk. Chorus is suitable for Canadian projects and offers a full suite of content for both CMS and NMS that we will update automatically, whilst giving you full control over your specification. Use the power of Office Master templates to easily manage content and standards for common projects.
Full scope of content
Smarter than a word processor
Work smarter than with any other specification tools or word processor. Unlike Word, the Chorus interface is purpose-built for specification authoring. It’s easy to use and helps you rapidly build your spec using a powerful set of features, with multiple export options, leaving you more time for billable work.
Coordinate your model and specification
Chorus enables you to link your spec and model together, to realize the benefits of BIM. Keep your information co-ordinated and create a seamless connection between your design and spec, saving you hours of time and reducing the risk of information becoming out of sync.
Bring your team together
Empower your team members to work together on specs in real-time, across organizations, locations and time zones. Powerful collaboration directly in the web browser allows everyone in the team and external specifiers, to develop and share specifications together, making instant updates.
Pricing and purchase
We have a range of price plans for different organizations, featuring:
Access to NBS Chorus
13,000+ Guidance articles
Multi-user collaboration
Model integration via Revit® Plug-in
Dedicated account manager
Continually updated content
Find out more
Scope of content
Libraries of pre-written specification clauses, guidance and manufacturer product information are written by our multi-disciplinary specialist team.
NBS Chorus covers multi-discipline content, which means that an accurate specification can be written in less time, avoiding the risk of duplicated or conflicting content.
United Kingdom – Uniclass 2015
NBS Chorus covers the specific systems and the performance, products, execution and system completion clauses that are required by the following groupings. This content is grouped into four content libraries: Architecture, Landscape, Services and Structure.
Download the full list of content groupings by library (PDF)
Classification
Systems
Ss_15
Earthworks systems
Ss_20
Structural systems
Ss_25
Wall and barrier systems
Ss_30
Roof, floor and paving systems
Ss_32
Damp proofing, waterproofing and plaster finishing systems
Ss_35
Stair and ramp systems
Ss_37
Tunnel, shaft, vessel and tower systems
Ss_40
Signage, fittings, furnishings and equipment (FF&E) and general finishing systems
Ss_45
Flora and fauna systems
Ss_50
Disposal systems
Ss_55
Piped supply systems
Ss_60
Heating, cooling and refrigeration systems
Ss_65
Ventilation and air conditioning systems
Ss_70
Electrical systems
Ss_75
Communications, security, safety, control and protection systems
Ss_80
Transport systems
Australia – Uniclass 2015
Download list of content (PDF)
Classification
Systems
Ss_20
Structural systems
Ss_25
Wall and barrier systems
Ss_30
Roof, floor and paving systems
Ss_32
Damp-proofing, waterproofing and plaster finishing systems
Ss_35
Stair and ramp systems
Ss_40
Signage, fittings, furnishings and equipment and general finishing systems
Ss_45
Flora and fauna systems
Ss_55
Piped supply systems
Ss_80
Transport systems
Canada – CMS
Download list of content (PDF)
Classification
Systems
Division 00
Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01
General Requirements
Division 02
Existing Conditions
Division 03
Concrete
Division 04
Masonry
Division 05
Metals
Division 06
Wood, Plastics and Composites
Division 07
Thermal and Moisture Protection
Division 08
Openings
Division 09
Finishes
Division 10
Specialties
Division 11
Equipment
Division 12
Furnishings
Division 13
Special Construction
Division 14
Conveying Equipment
Division 21
Fire Suppression
Division 22
Plumbing
Division 23
Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC)
Division 25
Integrated Automation
Division 26
Electrical
Division 27
Communications
Division 28
Electronic Safety and Security
Division 31
Earthwork
Division 32
Exterior Improvements
Division 33
Utilities
Division 34
Transportation
Canada – NMS
Download list of content (PDF)
Canada – NMS (French)
Download list of content (PDF)
Keeping you safe in the cloud
The cloud has been proven to be a reliable and secure choice for even the largest organizations, and is fast becoming the most trusted data solution.
We take data security very seriously, and you can be reassured that we have taken all the necessary steps to protect your data and maintain our cloud security.
Below, we've included some frequently asked questions to share more detail about how we keep your data safe.
How safe is my data in NBS Chorus?
We test our platform against the Google VSAQ (Vendor Security Assessment Questionnaire) – the process that Google uses to assess vendor security to ensure the highest levels of compliance.
VSAQ is a collection of adaptable questionnaires for evaluating a given vendor’s security and privacy posture. Whilst we do not publicly publish the results of this questionnaire, we can make this information available upon request. For further details on VSAQ, click here.
Where is my data stored?
Data is stored in secure data centres in London (UK) operated by Amazon Web Services (AWS).
What is the cloud?
The cloud is a network of remote servers hosted on the internet and used to store, manage and process data in place of local servers or personal computers.
How is the cloud protected?
Chorus runs with AWS’ state of the art infrastructure, and makes use of its comprehensive security features to enforce rigorous access control and defend against threats such as DDoS attacks. Our policy is to keep data encrypted in transit and at rest, wherever possible, to eliminate the possibility of any unauthorized access.
Who owns the data?
NBS claims no ownership rights to data entered by users into NBS Chorus. All of the intellectual property rights in the NBS Chorus Service, the NBS Content and in any materials or software created or used in the provision of training are, and shall remain at all times, the sole and exclusive property of NBS or its licencors.
How is my data backed up?
Our infrastructure is designed to be extremely reliable, and makes use of the latest cloud technologies to minimize the risk of any data loss. Data is continually backed up with a restoration window target of five minutes (the maximum potential of any data loss in the unlikely event of a problem). Data and back-ups are stored on systems with a designed durability of 99.999999999%, giving robust protection from component failure leading to data loss.
© Copyright RIBA Enterprises Ltd
1-866-278-9954
GENERAL
Contact
Digicon Store
Legal
Privacy Policy
Cookies
© Copyright RIBA Enterprises Ltd
1-866-278-9954