http://www.deskdemon.com/pages/privacy
About us - Contact us - Sign Up
Forgot password?
Click here for DeskDemon US
FORUMS
INVITE
BLOGS
GROUPS
POLLS
ALBUMS
VIDEOS
LISTINGS
PA ENTERPRISE  E-MAGAZINE
WHAT'S NEW NEWSLETTER
Home
Networking & Community
Career & Jobs
Meetings, Events, Travel
KnowledgeDesk
Office & Technology
Lifestyle
Free Subscription
PA Enterprise E-magazine
What's New Newsletter
» Click for international newsletters «
AdminAdvantageOur Favorite
My DeskDemon
Email
Calendar
Address Book
To Do List
Edit Profile
NotePad
Free Templates
Agendas
Budgets
Business Cards
Calendars
Career
CDs
Certificates
Check Lists
Communications
Expenses & Petty Cash
Holiday / Time Off
Letters
Meetings & Events
Managing People
Presentations
Project Management
Suppliers
Telephone List
Time Management
Training
Travel
VenueDesk
Toolbox
World Travel
Airlines
World Airports
Flight seat guide
Airports
Int'l flight times
Airline codes
Airport codes
Who flies where
Car Rental
Train schedules
Visas
Inoculations
Travel Warnings
Country Guides
Embassies
Etiquette
Travel Jargon
Driving Licence
WiFi Locator
Electric Guide
Meeting planner
Mobile Rental
Int Dialing Codes
World Clock
World Atlas
World News
World Weather
Salary / Career
Income Tax
Tax Guide
PAYE Calc
Payslip Calc
Salary Calc
Family Tax Calc
Your Rights
Salary Survey
Typing Test
Aptitude Test
Software
Find File Type
Image Converter
VirusScan
PDF Converter
Tiny URL
Jargon Buster
General Tools
Dictionary
Encyclopedia
Addressing
Thesaurus
Translation
Calculators
Currency Conv.
Basic Calculator
Unit Converter
Percent Calc
Calendars
Time Zone
PA and VA Events
Sunset/Sunrise
UK Travel
UK Train Schedules
CC London
JAMCAMS
Google Maps
Postcodes
Road Maps
Route Planner
Tube & bus maps
Oyster Cards
Walking Directions
UK Information
UK News
Weather
Directory OF MPs
UK Gov
LCoC
CBI
Tel. Directory
Trade Publications
Restaurants / Pubs
Top Table
Square Meal
Restaurant Guide
Pub Guide
Privacy Policy
privacy@deskdemon.com
Print this Page
Your privacy is important, so we'd like to explain what information we collect when you visit DeskDemon, why we collect it and how it's used. We'd also like to explain your options to access and control your information, our data security practices and other matters. This Policy is governed by our Terms of Service.
YOUR CONSENT TO THIS POLICYBy using our Site, you agree to this Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. Our Terms of Service take precedence over any conflicting Policy provision. We may change our Policy by posting a new version on our Site.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU? WHY?
We May Profile You Individually.We may build a profile of your online habits, interests and activities when you use our Site. This profile is linked to your personal identity. We compile individual profiles from user navigation and browsing patterns, and we use these profiles for the purposes described below (please scroll down to each topic for details).
We May Profile Users PseudononymouslyWe may build a pseudononymous profile of your online habits, interests and activities when you use our Site. THIS PROFILE WILL NOT REVEAL OR BE LINKED TO YOUR PERSONAL IDENTITY. We compile these profiles from contact information (e.g., street address, phone/fax), email addresses, unique identifiers (e.g., UserIDs and passwords), data showing usage of interactive features (e.g., search engine queries), demographic information (e.g., gender, marital status, age, income, job), personal preferences (i.e., favorite color,), user content (e.g., chat postings).
We may then use these profiles for the purposes described below (please scroll down to each topic for details).
We May Collect Information Needed to Contact You LaterIf we do collect personal contact information (as described below), you may later access and modify it and, should you so desire, remove it from our system. Alternatively, you may prefer simply not to provide personal contact information by opting-out at the point of collection.
We May Collect Your Name, Address and Phone Number:When you use our Site, we may request your name, street address, telephone number or other contact information.
This information does not inherently reveal your identity and will not be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customize and/or personalize content to your request, market other things to you in the future, tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of user habits, interests or activities, and generally improve the Site for everyone.
We will comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Your e-Mail Address:We may request your email address, or other information needed to contact you online. This information does not necessarily reveal who you are and we will not link it to your personal identity. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customise and/or personalise content to your request, market other things to you in the future, tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of user habits, interests or activities, and generally improve the Site for everyone. We will comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Other Kinds of Information from YouWhen you use our Site, we may collect personal information about you described below. You may later access and modify it and, should you so desire, remove it from our system. Alternatively, you may prefer simply not to provide personal contact information by opting-out at the point of collection.
You May be Prompted for a UserID and Password:We may ask you to enter a web site ID, password or other identifier. This information will not reveal or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customise and/or personalise content to your request, market other things to you in the future, tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of user habits, interests or activities, and generally improve the Site for everyone.
We will comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Navigation and Clickstream Data:As you browse our Site, we may gather navigational and clickstream data - records of user activity within the site - containing information about where visitors went, how they got there, what they did and how long they stayed.
In some cases, this information may reveal or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customise and/or personalise content to your request, market other things to you in the future, tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of user habits, interests or activities, and generally improve the Site for everyone. We will comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Interactive Data: You may decide to input data while using certain interactive features at our Site, such as queries submitted to a search engine. This information will not reveal or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customise and/or personalise content to your request, market other things to you in the future, tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of user habits, interests or activities, and generally improve the Site for everyone.
We will comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Demographic Data About You: We may request information about your demographic or social characteristics, such as gender, age and income level. This information will not reveal or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customise and/or personalise content to your request, market other things to you in the future, tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of user habits, interests or activities, and generally improve the Site for everyone. We will comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Keep Note of Your Personal Preferences:We may gather information concerning your personal likes and dislikes, such as your favorite color, taste in music, books or other Site content. This information will not reveal or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customise and/or personalise content to your request, market other things to you in the future, tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of user habits, interests or activities, and generally improve the Site for everyone.
We will comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
We May Collect Your Online Postings and Content:Certain features of our Site may allow you to contribute content, such as instant messages, chat room postings and the like. Although you may choose to identify yourself in your postings, contributing content does not inherently reveal your personal identity. We use this information to complete and support the immediate activity requested, administer and run the Site, customise and/or personalise content to your request, market other things to you in the future, tailor an instant offer to you during your visit, build a profile of user habits, interests or activities, and generally improve the Site for everyone.
We will comply with any requirements of law. This information may be aggregated with similar data in a manner that does not reveal your personal identity and may be disclosed only to our staff and to our immediate agents.
CERTAIN EXCEPTIONAL DISCLOSURESWe may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights or if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct. Disclosure may be required by law or if we receive legal process.
WHAT ARE COOKIES? WHY DO WE USE THEM?Cookies are small files stored by your browser in your computer when you visit our Site. We use cookies to improve our Site and to make it easier to use. Cookies permit us to recognise users and avoid repetitive requests for the same information. We mainly use "session cookies" that are automatically deleted after each visit. Cookies from our Site cannot be read by other sites. Most browsers will accept cookies until you change your browser settings to refuse them.
HOW CAN I SEE WHAT PERSONAL DATA YOU HAVE ON ME AND HOW CAN I MANAGE THIS DATA?
WEB SITE REGISTRATION DATA
All of your DeskDemon account information is accessible in your profile are. To access this page:
Log in to DeskDemon using your Username and Password
Click on the 'My DeskDemon' button on the Left hand side of the Personal Navigation Bar
Click on 'Edit Profile' option on the menu
Here you can see all the information that you have provided DeskDemon when you registered with us. You can delete or modify any of the information on this page.
EMAIL / NEWSLETTER REGISTRATION DATA
If you are only registered to receive our monthly newsletters (have not registered as a user on the Web site), then the only information we have on you is your email address and first name (if you provided that to us).
To remove yourself from any individual publication, you can click the 'unsubscribe' link, in that publication. This will ONLY remove you from that publication's mailing list.
You can remove yourself from ALL our mailing list by sending an email to 'unsubscribe_all@deskdemon.com' from the email that you wish to be taken off all our mailing lists. Please be aware that this will remove you from ALL our publications and you will no longer receive any of our publications.
HOW DO WE PROTECT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?We offer secure web pages to collect certain kinds of user information and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our Site reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP USER INFORMATION?We keep user data on our server or in our archives for as long as we reasonably need it, although we may alter this practice according to changing requirements. For example, we may delete some data if needed to free up storage space. We may keep other data for longer periods should the law require it.
Data management requests are administered in an orderly manner to the extent feasible and within our direct control. Note: we have greater control over recently collected data than for archived data. Once data is removed from the system and archived, it may not be feasible to accommodate specific requests. In those cases, our general data retention policy applies.
DO YOU SHARE MY PERSONAL DATA WITH OTHER COMPANIES?
We do NOT share your contact details with other companies. The only exception to this is where you enter a competition, win a prize and that prize is fulfilled by a third party company. At that point we will write to you via email to inform you that you have won the prize. We will also ask for your consent to pass your contact details to the third party company so that they can fulfil the prize. At that stage you have the option of not giving this consent, in which case we will choose another winner, as the third party will not be able to fulfil the prize without your contact details.
LEGAL NOTICEThis Site operates on an "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE" basis, without liability of any kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. This Policy is governed by the laws of the United Kingdom.
IF YOU HAVE A PRIVACY QUESTION
If you have a privacy question about our Site, please email: privacy@deskdemon.com.
back to index
Share this page with your friends
Friend's Email
Your Name
Your Email
Personal Message Hi there, I thought you'd like to know about this resource.
Share this page with your friends.
SEND TO FRIEND
About DeskDemon
Launched in the UK in August 2000, DeskDemon is continually developed in close collaboration with PAs, Office Managers, secretaries and administrative staff to offer you a single web site encompassing all aspects of office managemen.
Follow Us
Home
About
Contact
Terms
Cookies
Privacy policy
Community
Forums
Events
Blogs
Albums
Videos
Polls
Features
Reviews
Archives
PA Enterprise
AdminAdvantage
What's New
Special Offers
Help
How To's
Technical Support
DeskDemon.com ? 2014 All Rights Reverved
About us
Contact Us
Cookies
Privacy policy
Terms of Use