https://www.unitedwire.com/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
Home > Terms and Conditions
United Wire General Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
Access. BY USING THIS WEB SITE YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS EXPRESSED HERE. They apply exclusively to your access to, and use of, this Web site and do not alter in any way the Terms and Conditions of any other agreement you may have with United Wire.
General. United Wire operates and maintains this Web site, at least in part, from Edinburgh, UK.
Contacts. Address technical questions or comments about the United Wire Web site to the United Wire Web Team at hostmaster@unitedwire.com. Direct general questions to info@unitedwire.com. For other communications, direct as indicated in the following paragraphs.
Privacy. See the United Wire Web Site Privacy Statement
Submissions. Except as otherwise provided in a separate written agreement between you and United Wire, you agree that any materials, including but not limited to questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, discoveries, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials, or other information, provided by you in the form of e-mail or electronic submissions to United Wire, or postings at this Web site, are non-confidential and shall become the sole property of United Wire to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. United Wire shall own exclusive rights and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use of these materials for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or additional compensation to you. In the event applicable law operates to prevent United Wire from becoming the sole owner of any such property, then this provision shall be effective as granting to United Wire (with unfettered rights of assignment) a perpetual, worldwide, paid-in-full, nonexclusive right (including any moral rights) and license to make, use, sell, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, communicate to the public, perform and display the content (in whole or in part) worldwide and or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed, for the full term of any rights that may exist in any such material.
Copyrights, trademarks, and permissions. You acknowledge that United Wire or third parties granting rights to United Wire hold title to all materials on this site, which are the copyrighted works of United Wire or the third parties, with all rights reserved. Such materials include but are not limited to design, text, graphics, files, photographs, video and audio clips, and the selection and arrangement thereof. United Wire authorizes you to view and use the Web site with the following restrictions: 1) use must be solely for your personal informational and non-commercial use; 2) downloading is limited to one electronic or hard copy of limited portions; 3) each page downloaded must include this copyright statement displayed in a prominent position: ” United Wire. All rights reserved.”; 4) materials cannot be modified, forwarded, displayed, distributed, performed, or published in any media without the prior written permission of United Wire.
You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any portion of this site without the express written consent of United Wire. You may not use meta tags or any other hidden text using the United Wire name or trademarks and service marks without the express written consent of United Wire.
No commercial use of the information on or under this Web site is licensed or permitted. The use of automated systems (robots, spiders, or any other data-mining or similar data-gathering and extraction tools) to access, acquire, or download information on this Web site is expressly prohibited where such systems are employed in connection with commercial objectives, or in a fashion that directly or indirectly violates the privacy interests of any individual. The word “United Wire,” the United Wire logo, and the products and services described in this Web site are either trademarks, trade names, or service marks of United Wire and its licensors, or are the property of their respective owners. These marks may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the express prior written permission of United Wire or their respective owners, and then with the proper acknowledgements. In addition, page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts may be service marks, trademarks, or trade dress of United Wire, and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of United Wire.
Contact info@unitedwire.com with queries regarding these issues.
Forums, interactive areas, postings, and feedback. This Web site may include discussion forums or other interactive areas, including chat rooms, bulletin boards, and collaboration facilities. You agree not to upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through this Web site any content that is unlawful, libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable, or that would constitute or encourage a criminal offence, violate the rights of any party, or otherwise create liability or violate any law. Forums and interactive areas shall be used only for non-commercial purposes. On this site you cannot, without the express written approval of United Wire, distribute or publish promotions, advertising or solicitations for funds, goods, or services. You shall remain solely liable for the content of any messages or other information posted by you on this Web site, and United Wire takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for the content of posted or uploaded material. Please contact hostmaster@unitedwire.com concerning any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography, or profanity you may encounter on this site. United Wire reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to remove or edit any material posted by you that is determined to be harmful, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate.
Copyright infringement by postings. By posting software or other content to this site, you warrant to us (and we rely on this warranty) that such items are known to you to be free shareware or otherwise in the public domain, and you agree to indemnify us against all claims, damages, or losses arising from an action alleging infringement of copyright or other proprietary rights in such work. We undertake no duty to determine the validity of any claim of copyright. Upon receiving written notice to hostmaster@unitedwire.com that any item posted on this site is believed to infringe a copyright or other proprietary right, we will remove said work and will not permit its reposting. We make no warranty as to the currency, operability, or fitness for any particular purpose of any shareware software posted to this site, and we will assume no liability for any losses or damages alleged to arise from use of or reliance on such software. We undertake no duty to determine the currency, operability, or fitness for any particular purpose of any shareware software posted to this site.
United Wire software. Any United Wire software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively “Software”), that may be made available on this Web site is licensed to you by United Wire for your personal, non-commercial use, and no ownership rights pass to you. You shall not copy, distribute, sell, modify, transfer, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or create derivative works from any Software.
Hyperlinks.United Wire makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature, or reliability of Web sites accessible by hyperlink from this Web site, or Web sites linking to this Web site.
Disclaimer. THIS WEB SITE AND THE MATERIALS UNDER THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. UNITED WIRE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. UNITED WIRE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT MATERIALS IN THIS WEB SITE ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR-FREE. UNITED WIRE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THIS WEB SITE OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
United Wire reserves the right to change any and all content contained on this Web site at any time without notice. References to any products, services, processes, or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by United Wire.
Limitation of liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL UNITED WIRE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE OR THE MATERIALS CONTAINED IN, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, THIS WEB SITE.
Applicable laws. The laws of the state of Texas (for users located in the United States), or the laws of the Province of Alberta (for users located in Canada), or the laws of England (for users located outside the United States and Canada) shall govern the construction and interpretation of these Terms and Conditions and the rights of the parties here-under. By accessing or placing orders under this Web site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and by all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. Export control laws and regulations. Visitors who do not agree with these Terms and Conditions should not access or place orders through this Web site. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to your use of this Web site or any services provided here-under shall be settled by binding arbitration to be held in the English language in Houston, Texas, USA, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association (for users located in the United States), or in Calgary, Alberta, in accordance with the arbitration rules of the Alberta Arbitration Act (for users located in Canada) or in London, England, in accordance with the arbitration rules of the International Chamber of Commerce (for users located outside the United States and Canada). Any judgement upon the award rendered by the Arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Any award rendered by the Arbitrator(s) may include costs against either Party, but under no circumstances are the Arbitrator(s) authorised or empowered to award special, punitive, or multiple damages against either Party.
Termination. Notwithstanding any of these Terms and Conditions, United Wire reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use this Web site and to block or prevent future access to and use of this Web site.
Sever-ability. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed sever-able from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforce-ability of any remaining provisions.
Language. It is at the express consent of the parties that the present agreement be written in English. C’est avec le consentement exprès des parties que le présent contrat soit rédigé en anglais.
Changes to these Terms. United Wire reserves the right to change, modify, or update these Terms and Conditions of Use, at any time without notice. The date of the latest update is presented below.
UNITED WIRE
Serving Industry Since 1825
Contact Us For A Quote
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy