http://www.thomsonreuters.com/en/campaigns/privacy-transparency-gdpr.html
Home
Campaigns
Data privacy: A new dawn in the age of GDPR
Data privacy and transparency
Data privacy: A new dawn in the age of GDPR
2018 was a watershed year for the international conversation on privacy and transparency. As the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) takes effect, what will the full impact be and what comes next?
The future of privacy and transparency
More insights
Interview with Dia Kayyali
Making the invisible visible with video
Expert insight
In many ways, this is the biggest shake-up in the history of the internet when it comes to data privacy.
Salvador Rodriguez
Reuters Technology Reporter
Interview with the NSA's Rebecca Richards
Promoting transparency at an agency that defends national security
Interview with Giovanni Buttarelli
Understanding the role of the European Data Protection Supervisor
Interview with author Cory Doctorow
Imagining the unforeseen dangers of data harm
Interview with Dr. David Brin
Will we live in a world of one-way mirrors, or windows?
Q&A with Benedict Evans
Seeing things that aren’t really there…yet
Interview with EY experts
Is your company using data in the right way?
The real challenge for businesses is to develop trust with your customers and engage responsibly in legitimate uses of data. There is a data revolution, which means we must embrace data usage while respectfully taking care of it.
Vivienne Artz
Chief Privacy Officer, Thomson Reuters
Views from the C-suite
View more
Volkswagen CDO Johann Jungwirth
Smart cars and data as the fuel of the future
Cisco CPO Michelle Dennedy
Privacy as the new currency in the age of Big Data
Conduent CPO Brian Clayton
Thinking about privacy by design and data minimization
Thomson Reuters CPO Vivienne Artz
Data privacy is the new normal
Thomson Reuters Brian Peccarelli
Building trust in the age of Big Data
Crypto-currency expert Justin Blincoe
The role of crypto-currencies in a world driven by privacy considerations
Privacy and Transparency podcast series
Subscribe on iTunes
Episode One
Author David Brin
David Brin talks privacy regulations, where technology might go and what he sees as the most important U.S. civil liberties development in recent memory.
Listen now
Episode Two
Andreessen Horowitz's Benedict Evans
Andreessen Horowitz partner Benedict Evans talks cryptocurrency, data privacy, the role of ethics in programming artificial intelligence and more.
Listen now
Episode Three
Michael Morgan
Michael Morgan, a partner with McDermott Will & Emery, discusses the far-reaching implications of GDPR, and what it means now and in the future for businesses across the globe.
Listen now
Episode Four
Author Cory Doctorow
Novelist and technology activist Cory Doctorow shares his insights on how data privacy is forcing the regulatory, commercial and legal landscape to evolve in response.
Listen now
Answers on GDPR
View more
Q&A with Ireland's Data Protection Commissioner
Handling the laws and politics of data collection
Q&A with Thomas Power and Matt Rutherford
Is the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) good for business?
Q&A with Michael Morgan
Are we looking at the new global standard for data privacy?
Q&A with Reuters Sal Rodriguez
Reporting on the scope and impact of data protection regulations
Q&A with OECD’S Pascal Saint-Amans
With GDPR, EU takes a step toward addressing data privacy “crisis”
Q&A with Box's Crispen Maung
Can you prove you are meeting your contractual obligations for data usage?
Solutions to help clarify the complexities of data privacy
Data Privacy
Data Privacy Advisor
A global solution to help clarify the complexities of data privacy and protection so you can proceed with more confidence.
See details
Tax and Accounting
Thomson Reuters Authenticator
Strengthen security for your clients and your firm with our multi-factor authentication app.
See details
GDPR
General Data Protection Regulation Training
Learn about the new and wide-reaching requirements from the General Data Protection Regulation and those rules relevant for businesses.
See details
GDPR
The accountant's GDPR toolkit
A helpful guide on how GDPR will affect you and your clients, a practical checklist of actions you could take now to prepare, and a comprehensive FAQ's sheet on the topic.
See details
Thomson Reuters commitment to GDPR
As a provider of trusted answers, Thomson Reuters has long been committed to honoring privacy and keeping personal data safe. The new European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which takes effect in May 2018, is consistent with these values.
Thomson Reuters commitment to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Thomson Reuters and the GDPR
Thomson Reuters Privacy Information