http://www.boxtelematics.co.uk/privacy
Box Telematics > privacy
Login
SPOTON Login
Search
MENU
About us
Solutions
Hardware
Manufacture
Careers
Contact us
Group
Box Privacy Policy
The Trakm8 Group are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy
This privacy policy tells you what to expect when Trakm8 collects and processes your personal data.
Whenever we want to collect personally identifiable information through our websites, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear at the point we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to privacy@trakm8.com or in writing to:
Data Protection Officer
Trakm8
Roman Park
Roman Way
Coleshill
West Midlands
B46 1HG
Who does this policy apply to?
Note: this policy does not apply to our online portals or other IT systems as these have their own Privacy and Fair Processing notices.
This policy applies to:
Visitors to our websites:
·         When you visit one of our websites, we use a 3rd party analytics service (Google Analytics) to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns.
·         Google Analytics works by placing cookies onto your device.  We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone.
·         For more details on our use of cookies, including how to disable cookies, please refer to our Cookie Policy.
Making Enquiries
Where an individual submits an enquiry we collect and store some or all of the following information:
·         Name
·         Email address
·         Telephone number(s)
We may also place cookies on your device in order to remember who you are and to remember your preferences. For more details on our use of cookies, including how to disable cookies, please refer to our Cookie Policy.
Newsletters:
When you subscribe to one or more of our Newsletters, we will collect your name and email address and your Newsletter preferences.
We require this information to send our Newsletter to subscribers.
How we use your information
We use your information only for the following purposes:
·         To respond to your enquiries;
·         To manage your account information;
·         For statistical purposes to administer and improve this Website and its services to you;
·         If you consent, to send you newsletters and to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you.
Explaining the Legal Basis we rely on
The law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including:
Consent
In specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent.
For example, when you enter your personal details on an enquiry form or when you tick a box to receive email newsletters.
When collecting your personal data, we’ll always make clear to you which data is necessary in connection with a particular service and which is optional.
Legal compliance
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data.
For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity to law enforcement agencies.
Legitimate interest
In specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
For example, we may use your address details to send you direct marketing information by email or post, telling you about products and services that we think might interest you. We may also use your details for telesales and telemarketing.
Third Parties
We use your information only as set out in this Policy and will not sell, rent or pass your information on to others for marketing or other purposes without your express consent.
Trakm8 may however provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third-party vendors and relevant affiliate partners, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
We may also release account information where we believe in good faith that this release is reasonably necessary to comply with the law.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Your Rights - Controlling your personal information
Under data protection legislation, you have the following rights:
You have the right to:
Request access to the personal data we hold about you and details of any other party we share that data with;
Request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you;
Request that we correct your personal data when it is incorrect, out of date or incomplete;
Request that we stop using your personal data for direct marketing communications;
Request that we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
You have the right to request a copy of any information about you that Trakm8 holds at any time, and also to have that information corrected if it is inaccurate.
To ask for your information and to notify us that you are withdrawing consent, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at privacy@trakm8.com or by writing to:
Data Protection Officer
Trakm8
Roman Park
Roman Way
Coleshill
West Midlands
B46 1HG
To ask for your information to be amended or corrected, please update your online account, or contact our Customer Services team on:+44 (0) 330 333 4120
If we choose not to action your request we will explain to you the reasons for our refusal.
Your right to withdraw consent
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.  We will then cease processing your data for that purpose.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest
In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. We must then do so unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
If we choose not to action your request we will explain to you the reasons for our refusal.
Direct marketing
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always comply with your request.
Checking your identity
To protect the confidentiality of your information, we will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this Privacy Notice.
If you have authorised a third party to submit a request on your behalf, we will ask them to prove they have your permission to act.
Contacting the Regulator
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
The Information Commissioner’s Office can be contacted via telephone on 0303 123 1113 or online at www.ico.org.uk/concerns
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
Additional Questions?
We hope this Privacy Notice has been helpful in setting out the way we handle your personal data and your rights to control it.
If you have any questions that haven’t been covered, please contact our Data Protection Officer who will be pleased to help you:
Email us at: privacy@trakm8.com
Or write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
Trakm8
Roman Park
Roman Way
Coleshill
West Midlands
B46 1HG
Box Telematics is a trading name of Trakm8 Ltd
Trakm8 Limited:  Incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company registration number 04415597
Registered Office: 4 Roman Park, Roman Way, Coleshill, Birmingham, West Midlands B46 1HG
Copyright 2020
Privacy | Cookie Policy | Sitemap | T's & C's | SPOTONapp Login