https://www.workshopuniversity.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
What We Do
Experiential Keynote Programs on Leadership & Innovation
Corporate Training & Executive Coaching to Develop Leaders and Teams for High Performance
Virtual Training & E-Learning Programs for Leaders, Teams and Individual Contributors
Workshop Design Coaching to Design Your Workshops & Virtual Programs
Book Jean Marie
How We Work
Speaking, Training & Coaching Programs
Design Your Own High-Impact Experiential Programs
Our NEW BOOK: Stop Talking Start Talking
Work With Us
Virtual Training
Products
Workshop & Webinar Success Home Study Program
Our NEW BOOK: Stop Talking Start Talking
Biz Blog
About
Contact
You are here: HomePrivacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
We also collect information during our live events, workshops or talks.
When ordering or registering on our site, or from attending an event, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
– To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
– To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
– To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
– To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
– To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
– To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies to information collected through our website and information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.workshopuniversity.com/terms-and-conditions
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 5/24/2018
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Homepage
3605 Hazelwood Court
Boulder, CO 80306
USA
info@workshopuniversity.com
617-312-4685
This policy is powered by Trust Guard, the place for website security scans.
It's only fair to share...FacebookTwitterLinkedinPinterestemailReddit
Member Login
About
Contact Us – 720-295-3104
Is downsizing a crazy idea as a solopreneur?
9 Tips That Make a Difference When Delivering Training
Turn Your Blog into a Video…and other content writing tools
What do you charge?
The Dangers of Labeling
FacebookLinkedIn
At Workshop University® LLC we help
Speakers, Coaches and Entrepreneurs
turn their expertise into experiential
workshops, webinars and online courses
so they can get more clients, make more
money and double their impact in the world.
In the Corporate world, we help develop Leaders
and their teams for high performance with engaging training and coaching programs in Leadership Development, Communication & Coaching skills, Client Management, Public Speaking and Meeting Management.
Workshop University®
Jean Marie DiGiovanna, Founder
jean@WorkshopUniversity.com
720-295-3104