https://www.proacousticsusa.com/shipping-delivery-policy/
CHECK OUT THESE END OF YEAR PROMOS (Nov 15 - Dec 31)FREE SHIPPING AND MORE!
Home
/
Shipping & Delivery
×
List Price
Actual Price:
Add to Cart
Pro Acoustics is committed to offering you the best possible price. Sorry, but in order to stay in compliance with our manufacturer's "minimum advertised price”, we cannot always display pricing online.
Rest assured that you have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price.
Please feel free to contact us with question at anytime: (888) 256-4112
Pro Acoustics is committed to offering you the best possible price. Sorry, but in order to stay in compliance with our manufacturer's "minimum advertised price”, we cannot always display pricing online.
Rest assured that you have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price.
Please feel free to contact us with question at anytime: (888) 256-4112
Shipping & Delivery
Ground Shipping:
Free ground shipping on select purchases over $49.99
Limited to the 48 contiguous US states
Valid on orders 60 pounds or less
Does NOT apply to custom quotes or purchase orders
Other stipulations may also apply
Orders processed ground are typically shipped and received within 5-9 business days
Order processing time is typically 2-3 business days
If an order is placed over a weekend or on a holiday, it will be processed the following business day
Delivery times are based on item availability and shipping within the continental US (48 states) - Delivery to rural areas, such as Alaska and Hawaii, may take longer
Expedited:
If you are needing an item sooner than standard processing time, we do have expedited shipping options available. Please request a quote and ask your sales engineer about special pricing and quotes for expedited options
Expedited shipping costs will vary by product, weight and size
Expedited orders placed before 10 AM, should ship the same day. If the order is placed after 10 AM, it will be processed the next business day
**Please allow extra shipping time for:
Large or heavy items that require freight shipping
Out of stock or backordered items
Special Shipping Notes:
Please keep all original packaging or materials from items received in the event that you need to return or exchange any item(s)
Business hours of operation are Monday - Friday 8:00am to 5:00pm CST
Newsletter
Sign Up For Latest Offers & Products at Pro Acoustics!
Go
Ordering
FAQ's
Installation Questions
International Ordering
Financing
Returns and Exchanges
Disclaimer
Copyright
Policies Terms & Privacy
Customer Service
Clearance
About Pro Acoustics
Contact Us
Contractor Program
Press Room
Our Customers
Our Blog
Our Brands
About Us
Meet The Team
Employment Opportunities
We Accept
Follow Us
Associations
Copyright © Pro Acoustics ® LLC - All Rights Reserved. - Terms and Conditions