http://www.bmcassociates.com/privacy-policy/
HomeContact UsLeaders in Business Mediation & Collaboration :: Celebrating 20 Years of service(703) 465-1262 Prevent ConflictResolve ConflictStrengthen RelationshipsOur ApproachWho We AreResourcesinformation for...Owners & PartnersFamily BusinessesAdvisorsfocus on...Focus on Health Systems, Institutions, and PracticesFocus on Family Lands Mediation and ConsultingFocus on Real EstateconnectEmail BMC Your QuestionsSign Up for Email UpdatesGet Free ConsultationProfessional Opportunities at BMC AssociatesThe Partnership charter
Millions of people co-own closely held companies, family businesses, and business partnerships, but establishing them and keeping them together is never easy. Here, finally, is the guide they have been waiting for.... Read More Privacy Policy PRINTProtecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.bmcassociates.com and BMC Associates LLC and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to BMC Associates LLC include www.bmcassociates.com and BMC. The BMC website is a news and information site. By using the BMC website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal Information BMC may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by BMC. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the BMC website.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through BMC’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.BMC encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from BMC so that you can understand how those websites collect, use, and share your information. BMC is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the BMC website.Use of your Personal Information BMC collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.BMC may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from BMC and its affiliates. BMC may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.BMC does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties.BMC may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to BMC, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.BMC may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within BMC in order to determine what BMC services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within BMC to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.BMC will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on BMC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of BMC; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of BMC, or the public.Use of Cookies The BMC website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize BMC pages, or register with BMC site or services, a cookie helps BMC to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same BMC website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved so you can easily use the BMC features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the BMC services or websites you visit.Security of your Personal Information BMC secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.Children Under Thirteen BMC does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.Opt-Out & Unsubscribe We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from BMC by contacting us here: – Web page: www.bmcassociates.com/contact-us – Email: info@bmcassociates.com – Phone: 301.718.0628Changes to this Statement BMC will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. BMC encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how BMC is protecting your information.Contact Information BMC welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that BMC has not adhered to this Statement, please contact BMC at:BMC Associates LLC 3000 Spout Run Parkway, Penthouse Arlington, VA 22201Email Address: dgage@bmcassociates.comTelephone number: (703) 465-12621999-2016 BMC Associates. All rights reserved.
3000 Spout Run Parkway Penthouse Arlington, VA
22201
Telephone: (703) 465-1262
Email: info@BMCassociates.com Privacy PolicySitemapContact Us             Associates in Washington, DC, New York, North Carolina, and CaliforniaBMC Associates is Affiliated with the following institutions
Design by Vizualle