https://www.bradyware.com/privacy-policy/
Services
Accounting, Audit, and Assurance
Business Valuation / Litigation Support
Employee Benefit Plan Audits
Succession, Estate, and Financial Planning
Fraud Investigations
Mergers & Acquisitions
Tax Services
Experience
Construction and Real Estate
Dealership Advisors
Long-Term Care
Manufacturing / Distribution
Nonprofit Organizations
Professional Services Firms
Privately Held Businesses
Technology
Resources
Events
Podcasts
Tax Calendar
Tax Forms
Webinars
Whitepapers
About Us
Leadership
Client Results
Contact Us
News
Business Valuation News
Construction News
COVID-19 News
COVID-19 Tax News
COVID-19 Finance News
COVID-19 Employee Benefits News
COVID-19 Georgia News
COVID-19 Indiana News
COVID-19 Ohio News
General News
International Tax News
Manufacturing News
Nonprofit News
State and Local Tax News
Tax Reform News
Careers
Professionals and Recent Graduates
Students
Current Opportunities
800.893.4283
SECURE FILE UPLOAD
PAY INVOICE
CLIENT LOGIN
SUBSCRIBE
Follow Us
Privacy Policy
February 10, 2020
Privacy Policy
Your financial and personal privacy is of great importance to us at Brady Ware & Schoenfeld, Inc. We respect your right to not only keep your personal information confidential, but also to avoid unwanted solicitations. We maintain safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to guard your financial and personal information from unauthorized access.
Outlined below is our Privacy Statement, which outlines the types of information we collect, how we may use it, and parties to whom we may disclose such information.
By accessing, browsing, and using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to our Privacy Statement.
Types of Information We Collect
We collect certain financial and personal information about you only when such information is provided by you or obtained by us with your authorization.
We may collect information from phone calls, meetings, and e-mails with you, tax return organizers and documents you provide, information you voluntarily provide on our website, and other reasonable and appropriate means.
At any time, you may ask us to remove your personal information from our Marketing database by contacting us at marketing@bradyware.com.
We may also use cookies to collect certain information. Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Review our full Cookie Policy.
How We May Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information we collect to provide various services you request, which include not only the preparation of tax returns, but other tax, accounting, financial planning, and other services.
We may also use your information to send you information related to our products and services, as well as other promotional materials.
Parties to Whom We May Disclose the Information We Collect
We do not disclose client financial and personal information except as required or permitted by law. Note however, disclosure is permitted to Brady Ware & Schoenfeld employees who need this information in order to provide the services you have requested.
Certain nonpublic information may be disclosed in certain situations. These situations may include:
To comply with a validly issued and enforceable subpoena or summons.
In the course of a review of our firm’s practices under the authorization of a state or national licensing board, or as necessary to properly respond to an inquiry or complaint from such a licensing board of organization.
In conjunction with a prospective purchase, sale, or merger, provided that we take the necessary and appropriate precautions to ensure there is no disclosure of information obtained in the course of the review or due diligence process.
As a part of any actual or threatened legal proceedings or alternative dispute resolution proceedings either initiated by or against us, provided we disclose only the information necessary to file, pursue, or defend against the lawsuit and take reasonable precautions to ensure that the information disclosed does not become a matter of public record.
In certain situations, to provide information to affiliates of the firm and nonaffiliated third parties who perform services or functions for us in conjunction with our services to you, but only if we have a contractual agreement with the other party that prohibits them from disclosing or using the information other than for the purposes for which it was disclosed.
Ready our full Privacy Policy for more information.
Brady, Ware & Schoenfeld, Inc. may need to update or modify this Policy Statement from time to time. The date noted at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when it was most recently updated.
Scroll Up
This website uses cookies. By using our website, you agree to our Cookie Policy.OK