http://www.bpl-global.com/privacy-policy-cookie-information/
Privacy Policy and Cookie InformationYou are here: Home / Privacy Policy and Cookie Information
Privacy Policy and Cookie Information
This Privacy Policy (‘Policy’) applies to www.bpl-global.com and describes how BPL Global collects, uses and protects personal information collected through this website which is hosted in the U.K. This Policy also describes how personal information may be used for marketing communications where such personal information has been obtained other than through this website because you or your employer are a client, prospective client or underwriter with whom BPL has a business relationship.
This Policy may be revised from time to time to reflect changes in the law or our operations.
The term ‘BPL Global’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner and data controller of the website whose registered office is Berry Palmer & Lyle Limited, 52 Lime Street, London, EC3M 7AF. Our company registration number is 01661686, registered in England and Wales. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
By accessing, browsing or otherwise using this website, you confirm that you agree to this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy in its entirety, you must not use this website. If you or your employer are a client of BPL Global, you should also consult the privacy statement in our Terms of Business, which covers our use of personal data as a business generally.
Information we may collect from you
The information we may collect from you through this website includes:
any information you may voluntarily submit to us by completing the ‘Make an Enquiry’ form on the website or emailing us at one of the addresses provided on the Contact page; and
details of your visits to, and usage of, our website including the date and time of your visit, the internet address from which you visited and the resources on our website that you viewed.
The information gathered by BPL Global from this website falls into two categories:
information voluntarily supplied by users through the completion and submission of an Enquiry Form; and
tracking information gathered as users navigate through our website, obtained from ‘cookies’ and other similar tools deployed on our website (for further information regarding cookies used on our websites, please see below).
In addition, if you or your employer are a client, prospective client or underwriter with whom BPL has a business relationship, we may have obtained personal information about you which will not have been gathered via this website and which we may use for marketing purposes, as detailed in the section below. Please also refer to the privacy statement in our Terms of Business.
Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time when it is no longer required for the purpose for which it was obtained and there is no further basis for retaining the data, in accordance with our internal data retention policy.
What we may do with your personal information
The information we hold and process about you will be used by BPL Global and/or its affiliates to correspond with you, respond to your queries and otherwise provide services to you. The details which you provide may also be used in order to help us administer the website, to update our records and/or for marketing purposes. Please advise us if you do not wish your information to be used in this manner.
You will be offered choices regarding the use of your data for marketing purposes at the point at which you submit personal data to us by completing the ‘Make an Enquiry’ via the website, and with each marketing communication you will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from further communications. You also have the right to ensure your data is not used for marketing purposes at any point, simply by sending an e-mail to enquiries@bpl-global.com.
BPL Global does not sell, rent, loan, trade or lease any personal information recorded on, or obtained via, this website.
BPL Global will only collect, use, or disclose personal information that is necessary for the purposes described above, or as permitted by law. We will collect personal information by fair and lawful means. We will retain personal information as long as necessary in accordance with the purposes described above and our internal data retention policy. However, some personal information may be retained for longer periods as required by law, contract, or auditing requirements.
Legal grounds for processing personal data
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we will process personal data disclosed by you, or collected from you, via this website on the basis that it is in our legitimate interests to do so, and that such interests are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights or freedoms of the relevant data subjects. Such legitimate interests include our ability to provide insurance intermediary services to you, should you request this, and our ability to monitor traffic and usage of our website in order to maintain sufficient security procedures. We may also process certain personal data in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject.
Disclosure of your information
We will not disclose any personal information about you which has been obtained from this website or otherwise obtained due to our on-going business relationship with you to any third parties, except as stated in this Policy, as otherwise permitted by law, or authorised by you.
We may disclose your personal information to any company affiliated or associated with BPL Global for the uses and purposes set out above.
We may disclose your personal information to independent third parties, including the following:
Our third party service providers – for example, platform and software providers
Third parties related to the performance of our services for you – for example, if you are a client or prospective client, insurers at Lloyd’s or member companies of the International Underwriting Association of London, or other insurers underwriting credit and political risk insurance both in the UK and overseas
Other third parties for legal reasons – for example, if we are obliged to disclose your personal information under applicable law or regulation, in order to enforce or apply our website Terms of Use and/or Terms of Business, to protect or defend the rights of BPL Global, our clients, or other parties.
If we transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area, to BPL Global affiliates or to third parties such as insurers overseas, we will ensure that there is a valid transfer mechanism in place under GDPR. For transfers to affiliates, this is achieved through a data sharing agreement and for transfers to insurers, we will implement the approved Model Clauses where necessary.
Use of Cookies and information collected from your computer
When you visit our website, our third party server may record your IP address for the purposes of systems administration and may also gather other non-personal information from you (from which BPL Global cannot identify you), such as the type of your internet browser which can be used to provide you with a more effective service.
Our website also uses cookies to better the user’s experience while visiting the website.
Cookies are small files saved to the users computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about your interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server, to provide users with a tailored experience within this website. The cookies we use are detailed below:
Cookie name: PHPSESSID
Purpose: Language-setting plug-in
By using this website, you agree to the placing of cookies on your computer device. Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computer’s hard drive, they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are subject to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website / its owners will never ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Before using such social sharing buttons, users are advised that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save their request to share a web page.
Access through Mobile Devices
If you access our websites on your mobile telephone or mobile device, we may also collect your unique device identifier and mobile device IP address, as well as information about your device’s operating system, mobile carrier and your country and/or city information.
External links
This website may include external links to third-party websites whose privacy policies we do not control. BPL Global is not responsible for those websites. Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users should always adopt a policy of caution before clicking on any third-party website links mentioned on this website.
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website. These third-party websites will be governed by different terms of use (including privacy notices) and users are solely responsible for viewing and using each such website in accordance with the applicable terms of use. Users click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting third-party websites linked on this website. BPL Global is not responsible for how users’ personal information is handled by such third-party websites.
Security
BPL Global maintains security measures to protect the security of your data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure or alteration. Despite this, the security of the transmission of information via the Internet cannot be guaranteed and you acknowledge this in your access and use of our websites.
Your rights
You have various rights in relation to your personal data, which in summary are:
right to request that we erase data e.g. if it is no longer necessary for us to hold it for the relevant purposes;
right to find out what data we hold about you and to obtain a copy of it;
right to rectify inaccurate data or have incomplete data completed;
right to restrict processing to limited uses e.g. where there is a question over its
accuracy or an objection to processing is being determined;
right to object to processing based on BPL Global’s legitimate interests, unless there
are compelling and overriding legitimate grounds for us to continue processing;
right to object to use of your data for direct marketing;
if you are processing your data on the basis of your consent, you have the right at any time to withdraw that consent; and
right to obtain data in a commonly used and machine-readable format.
Your rights may be exercised by contacting us as stated below. Some of the above rights only apply in certain circumstances, but if we decline to comply with a request, we will inform you of the basis for doing so.
Questions and contacts
Any questions or enquiries which you have in relation to this Policy or practices should be submitted via the Contact page or addressed in writing to:
Compliance Officer
Berry Palmer & Lyle Limited
52 Lime Street
London
EC3M 7AF
If you have any concerns about how BPL manages your personal data, you also have the right to make a complaint to a data protection regulator. In the UK, this would be the Information Commissioner’s Office (https://ico.org.uk/).
Headquarters Berry Palmer & Lyle Limited
52 Lime Street
London
EC3M 7AF
Telephone +44 (0)20 7375 9600
Contact Us
International Offices
Paris
New York
Geneva
Singapore
Hong Kong
Navigation
People
Expertise
Our Markets
About BPL
News
Contact
Bookmarks
Our PeopleExpertise
Financial InstitutionsExportersCommodity TradersCorporate InvestorsClaims Back
Our MarketsAbout BPL
About BPLThe BPL AdvantageGlobal ReachOur ClientsCareersAwards & Testimonials Back
News
60 seconds with…Lloyd’s Brexit Transfer Back
Contact
LondonParisNew YorkSingaporeHong KongGeneva Back
× Close Panel
Make an Enquiry
We would like to keep you up-to-date on relevant BPL news, market insight reports and events via our e-alerts. Please be assured that we take data security very seriously and will not share your information with any third parties. You can read our Privacy policy here. If you would like to sign up to our mailing list, please tick here.
Scroll to top