http://www.atlasls.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
See also the AtlasLS.com Web Site Terms & Conditions
This is a privacy policy for Atlas Language Services, Inc. Atlas has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses its information gathering and dissemination practices for www.AtlasLS.com and other Internet web sites owned by Atlas Language Services, Inc.
Atlas Language Services, Inc. invites you to contact Atlas if you have questions about this policy. You may contact Atlas Language Services, Inc.  by mail at the following address:
820 E Terra Cotta Ave, #132, Crystal Lake, IL  60014  USA
You may contact Atlas Language Services, Inc. by e-mail at info@atlasls.com or you may call Atlas at (815) 479-1600 or (312) 372-1600.
Dispute Resolution
Please call (815) 479-1600, (312) 372-1600 or e-mail info@atlasls.com
Atlas Language Services, Inc. – Commitment to Security
Personal information is accessible only by staff and authorized vendors designated to handle interpretation, translation or equipment rental requests. All Atlas Language Services, Inc. agents and contractors with access to any Atlas information are also bound to adhere to this policy as part of their contract with Atlas.
Personal Information that Atlas Language Services, Inc. May Collect
Atlas does not collect any information unless submitted to Atlas via the “Order an Interpreter” or “Order a Translation” screens. Any information obtained is strictly confidential and will not be sold or used by any third party.
Atlas Language Services, Inc. does not collect nor work with the public. Any personal information received as part of an ongoing project will not be used, but corporate, association or non-profit information will be retained.
How Atlas Language Services, Inc. May Use Personal Information
If submitting a resume, Atlas will keep your information on file for use as an Independent Contractor. If submitting information for a potential interpretation or translation project, personal information will be associated only with your business, company and/or association.
How Your Information May Be Shared
Atlas Language Services, Inc. will not share any information to any third party.
Computer Tracking and Cookies
Our web site is not set up to track, collect or distribute any personal or corporate information not entered by its visitors. Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our site. This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services which we may provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Atlas Language Services, Inc. uses non-identifying cookies to provide easier site navigation and access to forms. You can still use the www.AtlasLS.com  site if your browser is set to reject cookies. Our cookies do not generate personal data, do not read personal data from your machine and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you.
1095 Pingree Road, Suite 112
Crystal Lake, IL 60014
© 2020 Atlas Language Service, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Sitemap
English
Español (Spanish)
Português (Portuguese (Brazil))
English
Español (Spanish)
Português (Portuguese (Brazil))