http://www.imscompany.com/content/privacypolicy
Sign In to Your Account
I Forgot My Password
Not registered yet?
Create an Account
Industrial Molding Supplies since 1949 • 800-537-5375
Industrial Molding Supplies since 1949
en Español
Account
Cart
0
There are no items in your shopping cart.
Search
Search
My Profile
Address Book
Order History
Sign out
Menu
0Cart
There are no items in your shopping cart.
Sign in
Search
IMS Company Website Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
Provide us with feedback on our products or services.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, respond to a survey, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products.
How do we protect your information?
Our server is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Our server is tested quarterly to comply with the PCI (Payment Card Industry) Data Security Standard.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After your order is processed, your encrypted credit card information is destroyed and is not stored on our server.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. We use a cookie to only store your visit session number that is created by our server. This cookie is needed for you to browse our website and place orders.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our website policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for statistical purposes.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include links to other websites. These websites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to review visitor activity on this website. This allows us to make continual improvements to our content and the website user experience.
We do not send personally identifiable information to Google Analytics.
Google provides an Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on that gives you the ability to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics here https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page.
You can change your personal information:
By logging in to your account and going to the 'My Profile' or 'Address Book' pages.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
No, we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
We do not let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via mail or email within 7 business days after data breach discovery.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 12/14/2017