http://www.tensarcorp.com/Terms-conditions
eng
Close
Europe
Asia & Pacific
Americas
Africa and Middle East
Albania
Andorra
Austria
Belarus
Belgium (Dutch)
Belgium (English)
Belgium (French)
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Holy See
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Afghanistan
Armenia
Australia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Bhutan
Brunei
Cambodia
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Cook Islands
Fiji
Guam (USA)
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Israel
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lebanon
Macau
Malaysia
Maldives
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Mongolia
Myanmar
Nauru
Nepal
New Caledonia (French)
New Zealand
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Polynesia (French)
Qatar
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Korea
Sri Lanka
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste (East Timor)
Tokelau
Tonga
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
United Arab Emirates
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Yemen
American Samoa
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina (English)
Argentina (Spanish)
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
Bolivia (English)
Bolivia (Spanish)
Bouvet Island
Brazil (English)
Brazil (Portuguese)
Canada (English)
Canada (French)
Cayman Islands
Chile (English)
Chile (Spanish)
Colombia (English)
Colombia (Spanish)
Costa Rica (English)
Costa Rica (Spanish)
Dominica
Dominican Republic (English)
Dominican Republic (Spanish)
Ecuador (English)
Ecuador (Spanish)
El Salvador (English)
El Salvador (Spanish)
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
French Guiana
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe (French)
Guatemala (English)
Guatemala (Spanish)
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras (English)
Honduras (Spanish)
Jamaica
Martinique (French)
Mexico (English)
Mexico (Spanish)
Montserrat
Netherlands Antilles
Nicaragua (English)
Nicaragua (Spanish)
Panama (English)
Panama (Spanish)
Paraguay (English)
Paraguay (Spanish)
Peru (English)
Peru (Spanish)
Puerto Rico (English)
Puerto Rico (Spanish)
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and Grenadines
South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands
Suriname
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
Uruguay (English)
Uruguay (Spanish)
Venezuela (English)
Venezuela (Spanish)
Virgin Islands
Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Congo Democratic Republic of the (Zaire)
Congo Republic of
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Ivory Coast (Cote D`Ivoire)
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Reunion
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Sao Tome and Principe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe
ENG
What is Tensar?
Blog
Webinars
How We Help
BACK
Systems and Products
Applications
Systems and Products
Market Sectors
Comparing Geogrids
Software
Where to Buy
Register
Login
Register
Sign In
Home
/
Terms and Conditions
Previous
Next
Terms and Conditions
INTRODUCTION
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website (“www.tensarcorp.com”), whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before you start to use our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Tensar Corporation’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
Slide 1
Quick Links
Find a Distributor
Download Literature
Event Calendar
Software
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Contact Us
Down to content
INFORMATION ABOUT US
www.tensarcorp.com is a website managed and operated by Tensar Corporation, referred to throughout the pages of this website as “Tensar Corporation”, “Tensar International”, “us” or “we”. We are registered in the United States of America and have our registered office at Tensar Corporation, 2500 Northwinds Parkway, Suite 500, Alpharetta, GA30009 which is also our main trading address. We are a limited liability company.  Our VAT registration number is GB 174 3662 52.
CONDITIONS OF USE OF OUR WEBSITE
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:-
ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE
1. The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. We will not be liable if for any reason our website is temporarily unavailable at any time or for any period.
2. You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, Trojans, worms, logic bombs or other materials which is malicious or technologically harmful.  You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our website, the serve on which our website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our website. By breaching this provision you could commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990.  We reserve the right to report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and if we do we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them.  In the event of such a breach, your right to use our website will cease immediately.
OUR SITE CHANGES REGULARLY
3. We aim to update our website regularly and may change the content at any time.  If the need arises, we may suspend access to our website or close it indefinitely (whether in whole or in part).  Any of the material on our website may be out of date at any given time and we are under no obligation to update such material.
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION POSTED
4. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
5. Commentary and other materials posted on our website are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed.  We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents. It is your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND VISITS TO OUR WEBSITE
6. We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy.  By using our website, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
OUR LIABILITY
7. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
(a) all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity;
(b) any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our website or in connection with the use, inability to use or results of the use of our website, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including:-
• loss of income or revenue
• loss of business
• loss of profits or contracts
• loss of anticipated savings
• loss of data
• loss of goodwill
• wasted management or office time; and
whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above
8. This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
9. We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attach, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
10. We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our website and in the material published on it. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.
11. You may print off one copy and may download extracts of any page(s) from our website for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our website.
12. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
13. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our website must always be acknowledged.
14. You must not use any part of the materials on our website for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
15. If you print off, copy or download part of our website in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
16. All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to us, are acknowledged on the website.
17. Tensar, TriAx are US registered trademarks of the Tensar group of companies.
LINKS FROM OUR WEBSITE
18. From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites and resources provided by third parties. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information only. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those websites or such resources. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. We accept no responsibility for the contents of such websites or resources or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
VARIATIONS
19. We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.  You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our website.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
20. Your use of this website and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with your use of the website, any subject matter contained on this website and/or these terms and conditions shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
21. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our website although we reserve the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our website, please contact info@tensarcorp.com
Thank you for visiting our website.
Close
Loading your search results...
Register Your Details
X
Before downloading your file, would you like to submit your details, so that we can send you emails related to Tensar products?
To download this file, you must submit your details below.
Email Address
First Name
Please enter your first name
Last Name
Please enter your last name
Would you like to receive marketing emails from Tensar?
No Thanks
Submit
Thank you for submitting your details. Click the link below to download your file.
If you would like to register for a full Tensar account, please click here.
Download File