http://www.calinst.com/privacypolicy
BRANDS
AMREL
California Instruments
Elgar
Sorensen
VTI Instruments
POWER AND TEST »
BRANDS »
California Instruments »
California Instruments
From compliance test systems to rack-mounted industrial power subsystems, AMETEK Programmable Power is the leader in the design and manufacture of precision, AC programmable power sources. California Instrument AC power sources are used in R&D, test and measurement, avionics testing, inverter testing, arbitrary waveform generation, bulk power and power conditioning applications across a wide variety of industrial segments. California Instruments' main product line is comprise of AC programmable power sources, AC power supplies, AC power sources and AC compliance testing ranging from 800VA to 480kVA. The voltage ranges from 0V to 600V and the current ranges from 0A to 1,500A.
Inspired by the enduring power of a brilliant star, Asterion, a line of AC power sources, was introduced into the array of California Instruments solutions in May 2016. All Asterion AC power sources employ AMETEK's latest current enhancing technology, iX2™. Centralized control and unparalleled modularity make Asterion the most adaptable platform on the market. Its groundbreaking capabilities set the standard for affordable, precision power sources.
Other California Instrument products include: AC bulk power, AC supplies, AC modular power supplies, AC loads programmable power supplies, programmable power, AC programmable power, compliance test systems, inverter testing, grid-tied inverter testing, crest factor, arbitrary waveform generation, aviation testing and avionics testing.
History
California Instruments was acquired by AMETEK Inc. on December 14th, 2007. It is now AMETEK Programmable Power's leading global brand for AC programmable power sources.
Products
Asterion AC Series
RP Series
Compact iX Series
i/iX Series II
Ls/Lx Series
CSW Series
BPS Series
MX Series
RS Series
CS Series
3091LD Series
SHARE
By continuing to use the site you agree to our privacy and cookie policy.
Ok
MacCMS
×