http://www.globaltaxreclaim.com/privacy/
Privacy GTR: Global Tax Reclaim - Global Tax Returns
Toggle navigation
Skip to content
Home
VAT Solutions
Cross-border VAT Reclaim
Domestic VAT Reclaim
VAT Compliance
Company
About Us
Why Choose GTR
Supporting Business
Our Technology
Our Partners
Resources
Blog
Brexit
Select Testimonials
FAQ’s
Privacy
Contact
VAT Vault
14th June 2017 admin-dw Privacy
Privacy GTR: Global Tax Reclaim
Security, Privacy & Cookies
Legal Information
Important
These Terms and Conditions are issued by Global Tax Reclaim Ltd (GTR: Global Tax Reclaim – Global Tax Returns, ‘GTR’). A Registered Company, number 365319. Whose registered address is Northwood Business Park, Santry, Dublin, D09 XC81, Ireland. Note that GTR may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting.
First of all, following Terms and Conditions apply to users, viewers, and all people who access this site (Website). Please read these terms carefully before using the Website. Using the Website indicates that you accept these terms. If you do not accept these terms, do not use this Website.
Content
GTR has taken every care in the preparation and publication of content in this Website. To the extent permitted by applicable law, it is disclaimed all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information published on this Website.
No information published on the GTR Website constitutes a solicitation or offer, or recommendation, to buy or sell any investments. Or to effect any transactions, or to conclude any legal act of any kind whatsoever.
Copyright
The entire content of this GTR Website is subject to copyright with all rights reserved. All property rights shall remain with GTR. You may not reproduce (in whole or in part), transmit (by electronic means or otherwise), modify, link into or use for any public or commercial purpose this Website without the prior written permission of GTR.
The information published is provided by GTR for information purposes only, and is subject to change without notice.
Liability
GTR shall not be liable to any person or organisation for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of any of the information published on this Website. Exclusion of liability GTR disclaims, without limitation, all liability for any loss or damage of any kind, including any direct, indirect or consequential losses (including loss of profits) arising as a result of negligence, breach of contract, misrepresentation or otherwise, which might be incurred through the use of or access to the GTR Website, or any links to third-party websites.
Access & Security
GTR disclaims all liability for any tampering with the Internet user’s computer system by unauthorized parties. In this regard, GTR expressly reminds users of the risk of viruses, and the possibility of targeted attacks by hackers. In order to combat viruses, it is recommended that most recent browser versions be used, and that anti-virus software be installed and continually updated. As a rule, the opening of any e-mail from an unknown source as well as any unexpected attachment to an e-mail message should be avoided. Likewise GTR shall not be liable if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. Access to the Website may be suspended temporarily or permanently without notice. And reserves the right to suspend, terminate or restrict access to the Website if these Terms and Conditions are breached.
Use
You may use this Website only for lawful purposes. Therefore you may not use the Website in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation. Above all in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent or has any unlawful or fraudulent effect. Such as to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any form of spam. Additionally includes as to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware. Similarly to undertake any other activity that would contravene the Computer Misuse Act 1990 (UK) or equivalent legislation in other jurisdictions.
Links
Where links to third party websites on this Website are provided solely for your convenience. Above all if you choose to use these links, you will leave this Website. Most noteworthy as such GTR has not reviewed all of these third party websites, and does not control them. Therefore GTR is not responsible for these websites, or their content, or availability. GTR therefore does not endorse, or make any representations about them, or any material found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the Website, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files, which are sent to a user’s computer, or mobile phone from a website. Consequently cookies are stored on the hard drive of the user’s device. Furthermore Cookies are helpful because they assist a website to work better for a user.
Finally, on websites users can manage and/or delete cookies as they wish. Information about how to do this is provided in the section ‘How to manage cookies’.
Tables
Cookie Name
Description of Cookie
Google Analytics
Google Analytics stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. And Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Note that Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. How to reject or delete this cookiehttp://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
Talk
to a VAT Reclaim Expert
+353 1 4587460
Email
Our Sales & Customer
Service Team
Request a Free
Cross Border VAT
Assessment
Request a Free
Local VAT
Assessment
Request Forms
»
Headquarters
Ireland
Global Tax Reclaim Ltd
Northwood Business Park
Santry, Dublin
D09 XC81, Ireland
info@globaltaxreclaim.com
PH: +353 1 4587 460
Regional Offices
Croatia
Global Tax Reclaim
Ivana Sibla 15
10000 Zagreb
Germany
Global Tax Reclaim
Friedrichstrasse 15
Stuttgart
70174 Baden-Wurttemberg
Italy
Global Tax Reclaim
Viale Monza 347
20126 Milan
United Kingdom
Global Tax Reclaim
Kemp House
152-160 City Road
London EC1V 2NX
United States of America
Global Tax Reclaim
Suite 800, 100 Church Street
New York, 10007
Israel
Global Tax Reclaim
11 Ben-Gurion Road
Bnei Brak
Contact us today and let us reclaim your Business VAT
Call +353 1 4587460 or email info@globaltaxreclaim.com
Privacy
Members of:
twitter
linkedin
facebook
Copyright ©2020 Global Tax Reclaim Ltd