https://www.ccuky.org/policies.php
Policies | Kentucky Credit Union | Commonwealth Credit Union
Careers | Financial Empowerment | About | Find a Branch/ATM | Contact
PAY BILLS
RATES
ACCOUNTS
INVESTMENTS
LOANS
BENEFITS
Policies
Download information about our policies by clicking here (Privacy Policy).
Important Security Information
Commonwealth Credit Union wants to ensure the
protection of your personal and Account information.
Please note:
Commonwealth Credit Union will not ask you to submit personal or Account information via email.
For your protection, any email sent from Commonwealth Credit Union including member service emails or email alerts will require that you successfully login to our published secure website before entering any personal information.
If you ever receive an email appearing to be from Commonwealth Credit Union that asks for personal information such as your Account Number or Social Security Number, do not respond to the email.
Please notify us immediately at our published number.
Responding to E-Mail and Internet-Related Fraudulent Schemes
The number one rule….don’t respond! Call or contact Commonwealth Credit Union and let us know of the unusual email.
Customer Identification Policy
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who open an Account. Identity verification also helps protect you and us from identity fraud.
What this means for you: When you open an Account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents.
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Commonwealth Credit Union does not knowingly collect, nor is our Web site designed or directed, to use personal information from children under the age of 13 without containing verifiable consent from their parents. Should a child whom we know to be under the age of 13 send personal information to us, we will only use that information to respond directly to that
child, seek parental consent or provide parental notice.
Other Policies
Funds Availability Disclosure
Electronic Funds Disclosure
Your Responsibilities for Insufficient Funds & Overdrafts
Quicklinks
Checking Accounts
Business Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts
Signature Cash Line of Credit
Express Loan
Signature Cash Personal Loan
Certificates & IRAs
Money Market
Holiday/Vacation Savings
Investments & Insurance
Online & Mobile Access
Rates
Stop. $ave. Free Financial Review
Custom Card
Customize your Debit or Credit Card with a Personalize It! PhotoCard.
Get Yours Now
JOIN THE FAMILY
If you've never tried Commonwealth Credit Union before, now is the perfect time to see how we're bettering lives in the community! When you become a member of the Commonwealth Credit Union family, you also become an owner. That means you can start enjoying the great rates, personalized financial advice, and the extraordinary experience we provide to all our owners.
become an owner
Categories
Rates
Accounts
Loans
Benefits
Contact
Policies
About Us
Branches/ATMs
Member Service Agreement
Business Member Service Agreement
Savings Rates & Fee Disclosure
Privacy Policy
About Us
Commonwealth Credit Union is a cooperative, not-for-profit financial institution owned and operated by its members exclusively to meet their financial needs. Currently, over 100,000 people from across Kentucky are Commonwealth Credit Union members.
Routing & Transit Number: 283978441
Commonwealth Credit Union is federally insured by the National Credit Union Administration.
© 2020 Commonwealth Credit Union | PO Box 978, Frankfort Ky, 40602-0978 | 800.228.6420
You are leaving the Commonwealth Credit Union website. The website you are entering is not operated by Commonwealth Credit Union. Commonwealth Credit Union is not responsible for the content of the site you are entering. Commonwealth Credit Union does not represent the site you are entering or the member if the two enter into a transaction.
Privacy and security policies may differ from those practiced by Commonwealth Credit Union.
Chat with a Commonwealth Credit Union Member now!
Member Services
Lending Services