http://www.qarad.com/terms-and-conditions
Consulting
E-Labeling / eIFU
Performance Studies
Authorized Representative
UK Responsible Person
Training
About us
Team
Library
News
Events
Blogs
Jobs 2
Contact
EN
+32(0)14 49 04 22
About us
Team
Library
News
Events
Blogs
Jobs 2
Contact
EN
Consulting
E-Labeling / eIFU
Performance Studies
Authorized Representative
UK Responsible Person
Training
Website disclaimer & Privacy policy
All information in this Disclaimer and in the Privacy policy is applicable to Qarad b.v.b.a., Qarad EC-REP b.v.b.a. as well as Qarad B.V. (hereinafter: "Qarad")
This website is the property of Qarad.
Qarad BV
Qarad EC-REP BV
Qarad B.V.
Registered office address:
Cipalstraat 3
2440 Geel
Belgium
Pas 257
2440 Geel
Belgium
Flight Forum 40
5657 DB Eindhoven
The Netherlands
Telephone:
+32 14 49 04 22
+32 14 49 04 22
+31 615 22 57 56
Email:
info@qarad.com
info@qarad.com
info@qarad.com
Business Identification No.:
BE 0471.972.009
BE 0471.352.395
NL 853622772.B.01
Anyone accessing and using the website expressly consents to the following general conditions:
Intellectual Property Rights
The contents of this site, including brands, logos, drawings, data, product or company names, text, graphics, etc. are protected by intellectual rights and are the property of Qarad or rightful third parties.
Limited Liability
The information on the website is of a general nature. The information is not aimed at personal or specific circumstances and therefore does not constitute personal, professional or legal advice for any particular situation.
Qarad makes every effort to ensure that the information provided is complete, correct, accurate and updated. In spite of these efforts, errors may occur in the information provided. If the information provided contains errors or if certain information is not available on or via the site, Qarad will make every effort to rectify the situation as soon as possible.
However, Qarad cannot be held liable for direct or indirect damages resulting from the use of the information on this site.
If you notice any errors in the information provided via the site, please contact the manager of the site.
The content of the site (including links) may be adjusted, changed or expanded at any time without notice. Qarad does not guarantee the proper functioning of the website and cannot be held liable in any way for the improper functioning or temporary (un)availability of the website or for any form of damage, direct or indirect, which may be the result of access to or use of the website.
Qarad cannot be held liable under any circumstances by anyone, directly or indirectly, in any specific or other way, for damages resulting from the use of this site or any other site connected by means of links or hyperlinks, including, without limitation, any losses, interruptions of work, damage to programmes or other information on the computer system or to equipment, software or other items owned by the user.
The website may contain hyperlinks to, or indirectly refer to third-party websites or pages. The display of links to these websites or pages in no way implies implicit approval of their content. Qarad expressly states that it has no say in the content or other characteristics of these websites and cannot be held liable under any circumstances for their content or characteristics or for any other form of damages resulting from the use thereof.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
This site is subject to Belgian law. In the event of a dispute, only the courts of the judicial district of Turnhout have jurisdiction.
Privacy Policy
Qarad honours your privacy. Although most of the information on this site can be accessed without providing any personal information, there may be instances when the user is asked to provide personal information. This information will be used only for customer management and to keep you informed about our activities. The user has the right at any time, at no cost and upon request, to prohibit the use of his information for the purpose of direct marketing. If you wish to do so, please contact info@qarad.com. Your personal information is never passed on to third parties.
Our complete privacy policy in compliance with Regulation 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (General Data Protection Regulation) describes in detail which personal data we hold and your rights regarding such data.
In case of questions or concerns regarding your personal data, do not hesitate to contact us.
The use of cookies
During a visit to the site, cookies may be placed on the hard drive of your computer for the sole purpose of better adjusting our site to meet the needs of returning visitors. These mini files or cookies are not used to track the surfing habits of the user on other websites. Your internet browser enables you to block cookies, receive a warning when a cookie is being installed, or remove cookies from your hard drive afterwards. For more information please consult our Cookie policy and/or the help function of your internet browser.
QARAD BV
Headquarters
Pas 257, 2440 Geel BELGIUM
Tel.: +32 (0)14 49 04 22
Mail.: info@qarad.com
ISO CertifiedISO 13485 and ISO 27001
Quicklinks
Website by
Analyz-it
•
Contents by
Qarad
•
Terms and conditions
•
Privacy policy
•
Cookie policy
•
Log in
×
Inloggen
Login
Paswoord
Paswoord vergeten?
Inloggen
Annuleren
×
Paswoord vergeten
Vul hieronder je login in en klik op "Versturen".
Je zal via e-mail de instructies ontvangen om je paswoord te wijzigen.
Login
Versturen
Annuleren
Close
Attention!
This website uses cookies to enhance your surfing experience.
Certain webfunctions rely on the usage of these cookies.
If you want more information regarding our cookie policy, you may visit this link.
Dirk Stynen
Maurizio Suppo
Agnes Goris
Joke Doutreloigne
Chantal Huysmans
Dimitri Jordens
Eline Heylen
Annelies Rombout
Luc Van Steyvoort
Kirsten Van Garsse
Bram Stynen
Sara Van Wouwe
Teresa Bateti Solà
Pieter Bogaert
Alessandro Fiori
Miranda Van Hoof
Anneke Lenaerts
Sue Schiepers
Rolandas Jakaitis
Sara Peeters
Rika Verduyckt
Annelies Rotthier
Chris Van Buul
Joke Sprangers
Jessie Theuns