http://www.photomask.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Toppan Photomasks, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 10, 2018
What This Policy Covers
What personal information we collect
How we use this personal information
How we secure personal information
How to access and control your information
Other important privacy information (regarding cookies and web beacons)
How to contact TPI about data privacy issues
How we comply with EU General Data Protection Regulations (“EU-GDPR”)
Toppan Photomasks, Inc. (“TPI” or “we”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy explains data collection and use practices of the photomask.com/site (the “Site”) and the photomask manufacturing ordering services portal or other services offered on the Site (collectively, the “Services”).
This policy also explains your choices about how we use information about you. Your choices include how you can control certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you. If you do not agree with the terms of this policy, do not access the Site or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases through the Services.
We will explicitly ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you to provide a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested. The personal information we collect may include:
Your name, title, company or organization name, work e-mail, work phone, work or home address, information about your job function, and information about your company.
The Site may collect certain information about your visit, such as the name of the Internet service provider and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you access the Internet; the date and time you access the Site; the pages that you access while at the Site and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site. This information is used to help improve the site, analyze trends and administer the site. Our Site may at times also collect information about your hardware and software in order to provide a requested service.
Use of Personal Information
The personal information collected on this Site will be used to operate the Site and to provide the Services or carry out the transaction(s) you have requested or authorized. In support of these uses, TPI may use personal information to provide you with more effective customer service, to improve the Site and any related TPI Services, and to make the Site easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information or by customizing the Site to your particular preference or interests. In order to offer you a more consistent experience in your interactions with TPI, information collected by the Site may be combined with information collected by other TPI services. We may use your personal information to provide you with important information about the product or service that you are using, including critical updates and notifications. Additionally, with your permission, we may send you information about other TPI products and services. TPI may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on TPI or the Site; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of TPI; or (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of TPI employees or agents, users of TPI products or services, or members of the public. Personal information collected on the Site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which TPI or its affiliates or agents maintain facilities.
Security of Personal Information
TPI is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Additionally, when we transmit any sensitive personal information over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol.
Access and Control of Personal Information
You can access and review your personal information by contacting TPI as described at the bottom of this policy. We make every effort to ensure that personal information is accurate and up-to-date.
Except as otherwise described in this policy, personal information you provide on the Site will not be shared outside of TPI without your permission.
You can access your personal information and make choices about how you wish to be contacted. Each individual can control their data and exercise the following rights:
Request a copy of personal information as recorded and stored;
Update or otherwise correct inaccurate data in that record;
Request that your personal information be permanently deleted;
Request to be removed from any sales or marketing communications;
Inform us that you object to the further use or disclosure of your personal data for certain purposes;
Request us to restrict further processing of your personal data;
File a complaint about TPI.s practices with respect to your personal data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU member state; and
Request a copy of your personal data.
(You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.)
If you would like to take any of the above listed actions, or have other questions related to your stored personal data, then please contact TPI at the address given at the end of this policy.
The Site may send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service or security issues related to a product or service you requested, or confirming you requested a product or service. In some services offered by the Site, contact with the customer is an intrinsic part of the service. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe to these mailings, as they are considered an essential part of the service(s) you have chosen.
Protection of Children's Personal Information
The Site is intended for business use only. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 18.
If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register for the Site or send any personal data about yourself to us.
If we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under age 18, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 18 may have provided us personal data, please contact us at the e-mail address below.
Use of Cookies
We may use cookies on the Site to personalize user experiences. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer by a Web server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of delivering relevant content, eases site navigation, and so on. When you return to the Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the site.s features that you customized. We may occasionally opt to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies, but do not allow other companies to place cookies on our Site unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value (such as merging into the Site a site that relies on third-party cookies). You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this or other Web sites you visit.
Use of Web Beacons
Web pages on the Site may contain electronic images known as web beacons - sometimes also called single-pixel gifs - that allow the Site to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. The Site may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. Some of these web beacons may be placed by third-party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or e-mail communications. These web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. Doing this allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or e-mails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views. The Site prohibits web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.
Use of Client Login Features
The Client Login portion of the Site uses unique user information to identify and provide secure sign-in for certain users. In order to sign in to this portion of the Site, authorized users will be asked to type the login name and password provided to them by TPI employees and/or their agents. For additional information about or assistance with Client Login features and usage, please contact your TPI sales, technical or administrative representative.
Data Controller and Processor
TPI is the controller of your personal data processed in connection with the Site. Note that we may also process personal data of our customers. end users or employees in connection with our provision of services to customers, in which case we are the processor of personal data. If we are the processor of your personal data (i.e., not the controller), please contact the controller party in the first instance to address your rights with respect to such data.
Lawful Bases for Processing
We will only process your personal data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing may include contractual necessity, our “legitimate interests,” as further described below, and consent.
Contractual Necessity:
When you purchase our products and services, we process your contact information (e.g., name, phone number, address, e-mail address) as a matter of “contractual necessity,” meaning that we need to process the data to perform under our Terms of Use & Legal Notices or other agreement with you, which enables us to provide you with the products and services you request.
When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such personal data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Site or our products and services that require such data.
Legitimate Interest:
We may also process your contact information and other categories of personal data described in the “Collection of personal information” section above for our legitimate interest purposes.
Examples of these legitimate interests include:
Operation and improvement of our business, products and services
Marketing of our products and services
Provision of customer support
Protection from fraud or security threats
Protecting the security of your account with us
Providing you with a sign-in method
Determining your geographic location and preferences so that we can serve you better
Compliance with legal obligations
Completion of corporate transactions
Consent:
In some cases, we process personal data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data.
When we process personal data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection. If you provide us with opt-in consent to receive marketing information from TPI, we will process your e-mail address for the purpose of sending you marketing information about our products and services. The legal ground for processing your e-mail address for this purpose is your consent. You may withdraw your consent any time by selecting “unsubscribe” in the marketing e-mail or contact us at the e-mail address below.
Other Processing Grounds:
From time to time we may also need to process personal data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
Choice and Updating Your Information and Preferences
We reserve the right to take reasonable steps to authenticate the identity of any individual seeking access to personal information. We may provide web pages or other mechanisms on our Site through which you can update subscription preferences. You can also contact us to update your personal information or change your preferences. Our contact information for these purposes is by e-mail at the e-mail address below. If you receive a marketing communication from us by e-mail, you may also opt out of receiving future e-mail marketing communications by following the opt-out instructions provided in that e-mail. Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to transactions you initiate, your customer account, your use of our Site, or other business matters, and that these communications may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from marketing communications.
In accordance with our routine record keeping and applicable law, we may delete certain records that contain your personal information. We are under no obligation to store such information indefinitely, and we disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of that information. In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons. Also, if you have posted any User Submissions to a Community Forum, these communications cannot generally be removed.
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of personal information to third parties for such third parties. direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a request, please contact us at the e-mail address below.
Enforcement of this Privacy Policy
We will make our best effort to protect your information and enforce the measures outlined in this policy. If you have questions regarding this policy, please contact TPI at the postal and/or e-mail addresses below.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this Privacy page and may also send you a notification directly. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your agreement to this privacy policy and any updates.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us electronically or via postal mail at the addresses provided below.
We will respond to all requests, inquiries and concerns within 28 days.
Toppan Photomasks, Inc.
ATTN: Office of the Data Protection Officer
131 Old Settlers Boulevard
Round Rock, TX 78664
E-mail: privacy@photomask.com