http://www.bowens.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies-policy
Privacy & Cookies Policy | Bowens
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy and Personal Data Policy
This policy explains the types of personal data we (Bowens part of Wex Photo Video) may collect about you when you interact with us. We collect and process data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679. We do not disclose data to any third parties unless disclosure is necessary for the fulfilment of a service; you have specifically given consent for a particular service; or we have a legitimate interest in disclosing data. Instances in which we do disclose data to third parties are outlined below.
If you have any questions not answered by this policy, please contact us.
Our legal bases for processing personal data
Under the General Data Protection Regulations we rely on the following legal bases for processing your data:
Consent – we will ask your consent for marketing to you via email. If you consent we can collect and process your data for this purpose.
Contract – we sometimes need to collect and process your personal data in order to fulfil a contract with you, for example to fulfil a warranty repair. We will also collect and process your data on this basis if you’ve asked us to provide a quote.
Legal – we are obliged to process some personal data to comply with the law. If you place an order with us we must retain some personal data for at least six years to comply with the Sale of Goods Act 1982, Consumer Rights Act of 2015 and HMRC guidance.
Legitimate interests – we collect and process some personal data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way you would reasonably expect as part of running our business; for example, to analyse information on our customers in order to provide new products or services.
The kinds of personal data we collect
Depending on your interaction with us, we may collect and process all or some of the following information:
Name
Address details
Phone number
Email address
Marketing preferences
Order history
Activity on our website – this is gathered by the use of cookies in your web browser. You can learn more about our use of cookies here.
Computer IP address
How we protect your personal data
The Bowens.co.uk website is held on a secure server using a verified SSL (secure socket layer) system for transferring data. If you click on the small padlock symbol at the bottom of your browser's screen, you will be taken to the site’s security certificate. If you have any concerns regarding the security of this site, please inform us here.
With whom we share personal data
Sometimes we need to share your personal data with trusted third parties. In these instances, your data will only be used for the exact purpose we specify, will be transferred and stored securely, and will be deleted or rendered anonymous if we stop working with that third party.
Examples of the third parties with whom we share data are:
Payment-processing services
Delivery couriers and postal services
Email marketing service providers
Event ticketing services
Marketing mailing houses
Customer service management systems
Companies who show you personalised content on our website and in emails
Marketing companies who analyse our customer data
This list is not exhaustive and may change from time-to-time in line with our business processes.  Please be assured that we will only ever share your information with trusted parties who adhere to GDPR and the correct standards of security.
How long we keep your data
We only keep your data for as long as it’s needed. After that, we’ll either delete it completely or render it anonymous (removing personal data but keeping information such as order amount for business analysis).
If you contact us via email, we’ll keep your enquiry data for a year in case you wish to continue our conversation.
After six years we will remove your data unless you have consented to our marketing.
Your rights over personal data
You have the right to:
Access your personal data, free of charge
Have your personal data rectified if out of date or incorrect
Have personal data erased, unless that would conflict with our legal obligations
Withdraw consent for us to use personal data, if you have previously given consent
Object to us processing your personal data and/or stop us using data for direct marketing
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you should contact us.
How to stop us using your data for direct marketing
You can stop us marketing to you via post or email in the following ways:
By clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any marketing email we send
By contacting us and asking to opt out
Please note, you may continue to receive marketing from us for a short period after opting out.  We will provide you with more detailed processing times should you make such a request.
How to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
If you are unhappy with our use of personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
The ICO’s contact details can be found on the organisation’s website, here
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognise your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, and keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may work with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Cookies are not dangerous and cannot be used to circulate viruses.
Some cookies are used to enable you to experience our site without issues and to get the best experience.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.
How to control which cookies you allow:
Controlling cookies in Google Chrome
As a default, Google Chrome allows all cookies. You can manage the behaviour of first-party and third-party cookies or even block them completely.
Click on the 'Tools' menu
Select 'Options'
Click the 'Under the Bonnet' tab
Find the 'Privacy' section
Click 'Content settings'
Click the 'Cookie settings' tab and choose your settings
Manage your Safari cookies
Choose 'Preferences' from Safari menu
Select 'Security'
Cookie settings are shown
Choose your settings
How to control your cookies in Internet Explorer
Internet Explorer allows you to select the level of cookie filter on the basis of the source of the cookie and whether the source has a privacy policy.
Choose 'Tools'
Click on 'Internet Options'
Click the 'Privacy' tab
Move the slider to choose your settings
For more detailed privacy settings click on 'Advanced'
How to control your cookies in Mozilla FireFox
You can configure which sites are allowed to set cookies, how long to keep them for, and view and manage your existing cookies.
Click on 'Menu', then 'Options'
Select 'Privacy'
Select 'Cookies'
Choose your settings
Stay informedSign up to our newsletterSign Up