https://www.sbprint.co.uk/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
By continuing to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern SB Print’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘SB Print’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is High Fetterlocks,
Fetterlocks Lane, Shelsley Beauchamp, Worcs, WR6 6QS.
The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Like many other websites, SB Print use automatic data collection tools such as cookies. These tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website. Examples include your browser type and the address of the website from which you arrived at our website. For details of how to update your choices in relation to these tools, please refer to our cookie and other web technologies policy.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
CONTACT US
If you wish to contact us you can call our office on 01886 812160 or fill in the boxes below and we will reply to your enquiry.
Your NameTel No.CompanyEmail
PLEASE TICK IF YOU WISH TO RECEIVE COMMUNICATIONS AND OFFERS VIA EMAIL.
Yes I consent to receive communications by email and be kept on your list
CommentsCAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This form collects your name and email information so that we can communicate with you. Check out our privacy policy for further information on how we protect and manage your submitted data.
SB Print are members of Hereford & Worcester Chamber of Commerce and the British Promotional Merchandise Association