http://www.unitedaluminum.com/privacy/
Privacy
Website Terms of Use
Sales Terms & Conditions – Ship in U.S.A.
Sales Terms
& Conditions – Ship Outside of U.S.A
Privacy
Information We Gather and Use
United Aluminum routinely gathers non-personally identifiable Information from all Web site visitors about their Web site activity. We may also collect personally identifiable information (name, email address, phone number, etc.) if you voluntarily submit that information in the course of placing an order or sending us an email message or other communication via this site. We may use voluntarily submitted personally identifiable information for internal marketing purposes, for site administration, and to send you information about products and offers we believe may be of interest to you.
Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information
We may also sometimes engage agents or contractors to perform services necessary to our operations, such as fulfilling orders, distributing e-mail, etc. When we do, we may give them access to name, addresses or other information necessary for them to do their job for us, but not for any other purpose. Also, if our company or its assets get sold, we will transfer our database to the new owner. Except as described in this paragraph, and except for any affiliated companies and as may be required by law, we will not disclose your personally identifiable information to others without your consent.
Cookies
Cookies are text files sent to your computer from a web server. As you browse our web site, cookies are placed on your computer to track how you reached our site and what activities you conduct here. Our use of cookies is not linked to personally identifiable information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies; if you elect this option; however, this site may not operate effectively for you.
How to Correct, Update or Delete Your Personal Information
If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your address or zip code), or if you no longer wish to be in our database, or if you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us by emailing optout@unitedaluminum.com.
Links to Other Web Sites
This site may contains links to other Web sites. We do not provide any personally identifiable information to these companies. However, we cannot guarantee your privacy once you leave this site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or content of web sites with links on our site. You should read the posted privacy policy whenever visiting another site.
Updates
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. Check this area for updates. This policy was most recently updated on December 09, 2013.
Google AdWords
www.unitedaluminum.com uses Google AdWords to collect visitor data and analyze traffic on our site. This information helps us understand customer interests and helps us improve our website. When you visit our site, the pages that you look at, and a short text file called a cookie, are downloaded to your computer. A cookie is used to store small amounts of information. This information is collected for traffic analysis only. The cookie does not contain personal details. Depending on the browser that you use, you can set your preferences to block/ refuse cookies, and/ or notify you before they are placed. United Aluminum does not sell, give, or trade the statistics they store to any 3rd parties for data-mining or marketing purposes. Please visit adwords.google.com for their privacy policy.