https://www.circuitassembly.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Find Part
Connectors
Waterproof Connectors
Active Optical Cables
Contract Manufacturing
Contact Us
Menu
About Us
Brochures
Catalogs
Reps and Distributors
Blog
Case Studies
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us.
Because we gather certain types of information about the users of the
Circuit Assembly(CA) web site, we feel you should fully understand the
terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that
information. This privacy statement discloses what information we
gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.
1. Information CA Gathers and Tracks
CA gathers two types of information about users: data that users
provide through optional, voluntary registrations and data CA gathers
through aggregating tracking information derived mainly by tallying page
views throughout our sites and click through on our newsletters. Such
information enables us to better tailor our content to readers’ needs.
The only situation in which CA divulges information about an individual
user to a third party is to facilitate the shipment of products or, when
approved by you, to connect you to the appropriate vendor or
distributor.
2. How CA Tracks
The CA web site uses a “cookie.” A cookie is a small data file
that certain web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A
cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses
to track the pages you’ve visited. But the only personal information a
cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t
read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other
sites. CA uses cookies to track user traffic patterns, when you register
as a CA Partner (CAPs), and when you register as a customer.
3. Use of the Information
CA uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance
their experience, whether to provide interactive or personalized
elements on the site or to better prepare future content based on the
interests of our users.
As stated above, CA uses information
that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic
newsletters and to enable users to participate in polls, message boards,
and other services. We send out a monthly newsletter to subscribers,
and occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers
might be particularly interested in something we are doing. CA never
shares newsletter mailing lists with any third parties, including
customers or partners.When we use tracking information to
determine which areas of our site users like and don’t like based on
traffic to those areas. CA does not track what an individual user reads,
but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue
to build a better service for you.
4. Opt-out Policy
CA gives users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:
Opting not to receive our electronic newsletters.Opting not to provide certain personal information when available.Opting not to participate in certain
interactive areas, which completely alleviates the need to gather any
personally identifiable information from our users.
5. Correct/Update Policy
CA offers users the ability to correct or change the information
collected during a registration. The instructions for doing this can be
found in our Customer Service Center or CAPs area. Users may change this
information at any time and as often as necessary. Users who are
experiencing problems or who have any questions about how our services
work can contact us.
6. Delete/Deactivate Policy
Users may unsubscribe to any of our electronic newsletters at any
time by following the instructions contained at the end of every
newsletter.
Get Connected with CA
Product Search
Search By Category
Search by Catalog
Custom Products
Recent Blog PostsBenefits of Waterproof ConnectorsContract Manufacturing and Box Builds Client Case Study: RoninBenefits of Active Optical CablesCopper Clad Cables vs. Solid Copper CablesCircuit Assembly China: Learn more about our China production facility
CA ProductsCable Assemblies
Solar
ResourcesContact CA
Catalog Pages
Cross Reference
Distributors
Representatives
Subscribe
Glossary of Terms
Company InfoAbout Us
Careers
Catalogs
Company Blog
Environmental Statements
Trade Associations
Other InfoPrivacy Policy
Sitemap