https://www.borealisgroup.com/legal/cookie-policy
Download list
Locations / Sites
Contacts
Login
Cookie Policy
Home
Legal
Cookie Policy
Privacy Statement
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Terms of Use
Imprint
Objectives
To make the site work properly, Borealis sometimes places small data files called cookies on the visitor’s device. Most big websites do this too. By using the website and agreeing to this policy, the visitor consents to Borealis use of cookies in accordance with the terms of the present policy.
Definition of cookies
Cookie: A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on the user computer or mobile device when the visit the site. It enables the Borealis or third party website to remember visitor’s actions and preferences (such as login, language, and font size and other display preferences) over a period. Like this, the visitor do not have to keep re-entering them whenever he/she comes back to the site or browse from one page to another.
Cookies often include unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Web servers can use cookies to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website, and to identify users returning to a website.
Description and types of cookies
“Persistent” cookies: A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). “Session” cookies: A session cookie will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.“First-party cookies” are set by Borealis AG and all other companies in the group. “Third-party cookies” are set by companies other than Borealis, such as analytics providers and advertisers. "Essential" cookies enable services we offer. "Non-essential" cookies help us understand how our services are being used (i.e., analytics) and deliver advertisements. Some cookies may track the visitor across multiple websites the visitor visit (including ones not operated by us) to help deliver advertisements that may be relevant to the visitor.
Borealis uses both persistent and session cookies on websites.
How are cookies used by Borealis
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies the visitor. Personal information that is stored about the visitor may be linked, by Borealis, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. The cookies used on the website include those which are strictly necessary for access and navigation, cookies that track usage (performance cookies), remember the visitor choices (functionality cookies), and cookies that provide the visitor with targeted content or advertising.
Borealis may use the information obtained from the visitor’s use of the cookies for the following purposes:
to enable the use and functionality of the websiteto analyse the visitors’ behaviour on the website and to improve the user experienceThird party cookies
When the visitor use the website, the visitor may also be sent third party cookies.Our service providers may send the visitor cookies. They may use the information they obtain from the visitor use of their cookies:
to track the visitor browser across multiple websitesto build a profile of the visitor web surfingto target advertisements which may be of particular interest to the visitor.1. Google:
Google Analytics  (__utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz, _ga)
Borealis is using Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on the visitor computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about the visitor use of the website (including the visitor IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. The IP address will be truncated before transmission.
On Borealis behalf, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the visitor use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet activity in connection with the use of the website.
Google will not associate the visitor IP address with any other data held by Google. The visitor may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on the visitor browser; however please note that if the visitor do this the visitor may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. In addition to that the visitor may prevent the collection of the information generated by the cookie about the visitor use of the website (including the visitor IP address) and the processing of this data by Google if the visitor download and install the browser plug-in available at the following link:  http://tools.google.com/dlpage...
Further information on Google’s Privacy Policy can be found under the address  http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html#information.
2. Vimeo
Vimeo Inc. uses cookies and similar tracking technologies on Vimeo.com (and related sites), Vimeo-branded applications for connected devices ("apps"), and the Vimeo embeddable video player. By using these websites, apps, or video player, the visitor is consenting to the placement and use of cookies and similar technologies on your device.
Borealis is using Vimeo to host video content. When the visitor views a web page on Borealis website with an embedded Vimeo video, Vimeo sets cookies containing anonymous, non personally-identifiable information.
Vimeo sets essential cookies to enable certain features and remember the visitors preferences. For example, cookies keep the visitor logged in, allow the visitor to purchase items, and maintain the visitor’s language and volume settings. Third parties set cookies for both essential and non-essential purposes including analytics (e.g., Google Analytics) and advertising (e.g., Google DoubleClick for Publishers).
Vimeo’s embeddable video player uses first-party cookies that Vimeo is considering essential to the video player experience. Vimeo does not use third-party analytics or advertising cookies when the video player appears on Borealis website.  https://vimeo.com/cookie_polic... https://vimeo.com/privacy
3. Campaign Monitor
Borealis is using Campaign Monitor for sending newsletters and informational emails. Using Campaign Monitor requires that Borealis uploads the visitor contact details such as email-address to the server of Campaign Monitor. The visitor can always unsubscribe by clicking the link in the newsletter or by contacting us. https://www.campaignmonitor.co...
Campaign Monitor has implemented page tags (sometimes known as web beacons) and other tracking technologies within certain parts of their services. These technologies are used to track recipients of emails sent by Borealis through their services. For example, web beacons track whether an email sent through their services was delivered and opened and whether links within the email were clicked. This information is collected for the purposes of providing email campaign performance information and measuring the performance of email messages we send and is processed according to our privacy notice.
4. Similar Technologies
Borealis websites are using technologies that resemble cookies to help track user activities and preferences. For example, they may use web beacons (tiny graphics with a unique identifier embedded on web pages or emails) to track the visitors’ activities and communicate with cookies. The visitor cannot opt out of web beacons used on web pages, but the visitor can limit their use by opting out of the cookies they interact with. The visitor can opt out of web beacons used in emails by setting the visitor email client to render emails in text mode only.
In addition to the information we provide in this Cookie Policy, the visitor can find out more information about the visitor online choices at http://www.the visitoronlinechoices.com/uk.
The following sites have their own cookie policy approach. Depending on the navigation browser the visitor use, please check:
Cookie setting in FirefoxCookie setting in SafariCookie setting in Internet ExplorerCookie setting in ChromeBlocking cookies
Most browsers allow the visitor to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
in Internet Explorer the visitor can refuse all cookies by following the path: “Tools” -> “Internet Options” -> “Privacy” -> “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector;in Firefox the visitor can block all cookies following the path: “Tools” -> “Options” -> and un-checking “Accept cookies from sites” in the “Privacy” box.in Google Chrome the visitor can adjust the visitor cookie permissions by: “Options” -> “Under the hood” -> Content Settings in the “Privacy” section -> click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If the visitor block cookies, the visitor may not be able to use certain features on the website (log on, access content, use search functions).
Deleting cookie
The visitor can also delete cookies already stored on the visitor computer:
in Internet Explorer, the visitor must manually delete cookie files;in Firefox, the visitor can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when the visitor “clear private data” (this setting can be changed by clicking: “Tools” -> “Options” -> “Settings” in the “Private Data” box) and then clicking “Clear private data” in the “Tools” menu.in Google Chrome the visitor can adjust the visitor’s cookie permissions by clicking: “Options” -> “Under the hood” -> Content Settings in the “Privacy” section. Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.Doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Opt-out (EU users): Users from the EU may opt out of non-essential cookies by selecting the option or changing their cookie preferences in their account settings (registered users only). Upon opting out, we will, to the extent possible, delete any non-essential first-party cookies in the visitor’s browser and remember the visitor’s cookie preference for the visitor’s next visit. Please review the visitor’s browser settings to remove third-party cookies.
Third party advertising opt-outs: Certain third parties provide ways to opt out of advertising cookies across multiple sites. The visitor can learn more by visiting the sites of the Network Advertising Initiative (https://optout.networkadvertising.org). In addition, there are third party plug-ins and apps that help manage cookies.
Contact us
The website is owned and operated by Borealis AG, a company registered in Austria under company number FN269858a with a registered office at Wagramer Straße 17-19, 1220 Vienna, Austria.
If the visitor have any questions or comments about this Notice, or if the visitor would like us to update information we have about the visitor or the visitors’ preferences, please email: gdprquestions@borealisgroup.com.
Share this page:
Borealis
Keep Discovering
Borealis AG Head OfficeWagramer Strasse 17-191220 ViennaAustria
View on Google Maps
+43 1 22 400 300
Further contact details
About Borealis
Overview
Strategy
Key figures
Our Values
Industry Segments
Management & Ownership
History
Locations
Media, News & Events
News
Events
Media Gallery
Investor Relations
Overview
Borealis' IR Approach
Key Credit Highlights
Financial Performance
Regulatory Filings
Careers
Join Borealis
Sitemap
Cookie policy
Privacy statement
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Terms of use
Imprint
We’re here to help
Please select one of the categories to find the desired information or use the search field.
Pages
Pages
Search for information on our web pages.
Products / Data Sheets
Products / Data Sheets
Download product data sheets, safety data sheets and compliance statements.
Downloads
Downloads
Download literature, publications, reports and other documents.
Images / Videos
Images / Videos
View and download images / videos from our media library.
News
News
Read our latest media releases and news.
Events
Events
Save the dates of our upcoming exhibitions and conferences.
Jobs
Jobs
Apply for our latest job opportunities.
Locations
Locations
Discover our global network and the best route to our locations.
Contacts
Contacts
Send us your sales or corporate enquiry.
Overview
Pages
Products
Downloads
Images / Videos
News
Events
Jobs
Locations
Contacts
Show filter options
Hide filter options
Results ()
Similar keywords
Contacts
Contacts
Head office
Borealis AG
IZD Tower
Wagramer Strasse 17-19
1220 Vienna
Austria
Tel: +43 1 22 400 300
Fax: +43 1 22 400 333
Email: info@borealisgroup.com
Contact types
Sales / Technical Enquiry
Corporate Enquiry
Locations
Keep Discovering
Got a question?
Get in touch