http://www.trident-itw.com/privacy.aspx
Resource Center
Technical Support
Register
Customer Login
30+ years experience with industrial inkjet printing
Home
About Us
Contact Us
News
faqs
Home>Home
Trident, An ITW Company is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Trident, An ITW Company Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Trident, An ITW Company website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Trident, An ITW Company collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Trident, An ITW Company also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Trident, An ITW Company. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by Trident, An ITW Company for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Trident, An ITW Company Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Trident, An ITW Company public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Trident, An ITW Company
does not read any of your private online communications.
Trident, An ITW Company encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Trident, An ITW Company so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Trident, An ITW Company is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Trident, An ITW Company
and Trident, An ITW Company family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Trident, An ITW Company collects and uses your personal information to operate the Trident, An ITW Company
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Trident, An ITW Company also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Trident, An ITW Company and its affiliates. Trident, An ITW Company may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Trident, An ITW Company does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Trident, An ITW Company may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Trident, An ITW Company
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Trident, An ITW Company, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Trident, An ITW Company does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Trident, An ITW Company keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Trident, An ITW Company, in order to determine what Trident, An ITW Company services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Trident, An ITW Company to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Trident, An ITW Company Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Trident, An ITW Company or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Trident, An ITW Company; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Trident, An ITW Company, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Trident, An ITW Company Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Trident, An ITW Company pages, or
register with Trident, An ITW Company site or services, a cookie helps Trident, An ITW Company
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Trident, An ITW Company Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Trident, An ITW Company
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Trident, An ITW Company services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Trident, An ITW Company secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Trident, An ITW Company secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Trident, An ITW Company will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Trident, An ITW Company encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Trident, An ITW Company is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Trident, An ITW Company welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Trident, An ITW Company has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Trident, An ITW Company at sliker@trident-itw.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
contact a trident
representative
request information
from trident
Telephone:
636.300.2038 (USA)
Fax:
636.300.2004 (USA)
Mailing Address:
Trident, An ITW Company
1 Research Park Dr.
St. Charles, MO 63304 USA
Copyright 2020 by Trident
PRIVACY STATEMENT | TERMS OF USE
Home|About Us|Contact Us|News|faqs|Resource Center|Technical Support|Customer Login
Customer Login