http://www.manulifebank.com/legal.html
Skip to main navigation
Skip to submenu
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
All-In Banking
Accounts
Credit Cards
Mortgages
Loans
Investments
Plan and Learn
Support
Legal information: All the fine print
This website, ManulifeBank.ca (the site), and its content are property of Manulife Bank of Canada (Manulife Bank) and Manulife Trust Company (Manulife Trust). If you access and use the content on this site, you accept and agree to the terms below. If you do not agree to these terms, then you may not access or use this site.
Site content
The content on this site, including interest rates, is provided for informational purposes only and is subject to change at any time without prior notice.
Manulife Bank and Manulife Trust do not guarantee or ensure the accuracy of site content or functionality or the transmission of any content from the site to you.
Changes may be made to the terms at any time without notice by updating this posting. You agree to review the terms regularly, and your continued access or use of the site will mean that you agree to any changes.
Third-party websites
Third-party websites that can be accessed from this site (via hyperlinks) are entirely independent of this site. External websites are visited at your discretion. Manulife Bank and Manulife Trust are not responsible for the availability, accuracy, security and privacy of external websites as they are entirely independent of this site.
Manulife Bank and Manulife Trust do not endorse the content on any third-party websites. The inclusion of any acknowledgments, identification or hyperlinks to a third-party or external website is not an endorsement of such person or entity their website or products and services.
Use of the site
The site is not intended to, and should not be relied upon, to provide advice, including financial, insurance, legal, accounting or tax advice. You are responsible to be informed about any securities, taxation, legislation or laws that could affect your banking and investment decisions. This site is not a substitute for advice from a professional financial advisor or other representative.
The content on this site does not represent a commitment to deliver a product or service, and information on this site cannot be incorporated into any contract or agreement with Manulife Bank or Manulife Trust. All Manulife Bank and Manulife Trust products and services are subject to the terms and conditions of any applicable agreements between you and Manulife Bank and Trust. All products and services may not be available in every geographic region, some products and services are available only in regions where they may be lawfully offered for sale.
The use of this is on an "as is" basis. Manulife Bank and Trust, (including affiliated companies, officers, directors, or employees, or any other person associated with the creation of the site and content) is not liable or responsible to any person for any harm, loss or damage that may arise in any connection with your use of the site.
Please contact us if you would like more information or to request permission to use, reproduce or republish any site content.
Security
Protecting your personal information and respecting your privacy is important to us. Manulife Bank has a Privacy Policy, but by using this site you acknowledge and confirm that  privacy cannot always be ensured online  and complete security and confidentiality over the Internet is not always possible.
Your confidential use of this site cannot always be guaranteed and you acknowledge that your use of the site (including personal information transmitted or uploaded to the site) may be accessible to third-parties. Manulife Bank and Manulife Trust are not responsible or liable for any harm that you may suffer in connection with a breach of confidentiality or security.
Privacy
Manulife Bank and Trust uses personal information provided on this site for business purposes only.  Refer to our Privacy Policy for more information on our personal information practices.
Manulife Bank and Trust may use "cookies" or related technology to track your usage of the site to help improve our service and your experience.
Intellectual property notice
All information on this site including names, phrases, logos, icons, graphics, images or designs may be trade names or registered and unregistered trademarks of The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company and its affiliates Manulife Bank and Manulife Trust. The display of trademarks on this site is not an implied license to any third-party for use
All information on this site is protected under copyright laws. No one has permission to copy, redistribute, reproduce or republish any site information or content. This includes uploading or downloading without the prior written consent of Manulife Bank and Trust.
Any unauthorized copying including retransmission or alteration of trademarks may be a violation of the law and such users may be subject to legal action.
Governing laws
The laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada govern the interpretation, validity and effect of these terms and any use of the site. You hereby consent and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario in any action or proceeding instituted under or related to these terms and your use of this site.
Accessibility
Accessible Customer Service: Manulife is committed to offering products and services to persons with disabilities that are consistent with the principles of dignity, independence, integration and equal opportunity.
Integrated Accessibility Standards Overview: Manulife supports the goal of achieving accessibility for Ontarians with disabilities with respect to goods and services. The goal is to remove barriers and make Ontario accessible for persons with disabilities.
Integrated Accessibility Standards Policy: Manulife believes in integration and equal opportunity. We’re committed to treating all employees in a way that allows them to maintain their dignity and independence.
Multi-Year Accessibility Plan: Manulife is committed to achieving accessibility and supports the intent of the AODA with a multi-year accessibility plan. This plan is our framework to identify and eliminate barriers for persons with disabilities.
Have questions? Get in touch, we're happy to help.
Give us a call
1-877-765-2265
1-877-765-2265
Open between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. Monday to Friday,
9 a.m. and 5 p.m. Saturday to Sunday
In all local time zones across Canada