http://www.paperrose.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
home
brands
web shop
eco statement
award winners
contact
paper rose terms of use
About these Terms of UseThese terms and conditions of use (Terms of Use) explain how our website at www.paperrose.co.uk should be used.
They apply to all users of our site.
Please read them carefully.
By continuing to use this website you are agreeing to these Terms of Use.
If you do not agree with them, you should not use our website.   Please note that additional terms and conditions will apply when you open an account with us and buy goods from us. Those are also available on this website and will be presented to you during the account opening and ordering processes.About this website and Paper Rose LimitedThis website is operated by Paper Rose Limited. We are a company registered in England and Wales. Our registered office and correspondence address is Riverside House, Centurion Way, Nottingham, NG2 1RW (Co. No. 1992961) and our email address is info@paperrose.co.ukOur VAT registration number is GB384400658This website contains general information about the goods that we sell.
It is aimed at providing information to anyone who is interested in our goods and retailers who sell our goods and who may open an account with us.
It also provides information for anyone who may be interested in working with us, such as artists and designers.Access to our websiteAccess to our website is temporary and we may withdraw or amend the information we provide without notice.
We will not be liable if for any reason, our site, any part of it or any of the functions available on it, including the account opening or ordering process is unavailable at any time.   You must make all arrangements needed to access our site and ensure that anyone accessing it through your internet connection is aware of and complies with, these Terms of Use.
For trade users, this will include any of your staff or other representatives who you may authorise to use the features of this website, including the online order process on your behalf, at any time.We will restrict access to some parts of or our website to registered users and who have an account with us.
This will include the product ordering function which will be restricted to those users who have opened a trade account with us.
These aspects of our website are aimed at trade customers only.All usernames and passwords which are issued must be treated confidentially and not disclosed.
We may disable account usernames or passwords if we believe that you have not complied with any of these Terms of Use.You must not corrupt the website, flood it with information which causes it to malfunction or use any features which may affect it such as worms, viruses or logic bombs.
Spam (multiple, unsolicited or undesired bulk emails) is strictly forbidden.  You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, our servers or any server or computer connected to it.
You must not attack our website via a denial-of-service attack or similar.
If you do, you may commit a criminal offence.
We will report any such breach to the relevant authorities, will co-operate with them by disclosing your identity and your right to use our website will end immediately.
We also reserve the right to use software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorised attempts to upload or change information on our website or otherwise cause damage.Information from youYou must make sure that any information you provide when using this website and any of the features on it is accurate and up to date.
You must not provide information about another person except with their express permission or submit information which is copied from another source.Under no circumstances should any submission or comment be made using this website which is defamatory, abusive, obscene, unlawful, sexist, racist or discriminatory or which may in any way cause offence.
You must never use abusive language, be aggressive, swear, threaten, harass or abuse any other person.   We will not be liable to any person for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of our website.We may remove any material, posting, submission or other content uploaded to our website at any time, including any submissions or content which does not conform to the requirements of these Terms of Use.Any material you upload will be considered non-confidential and we will have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose such material to third parties but will only do so in accordance with our privacy policy.  We may also disclose your identity to any person who claims that material posted or uploaded by you violates their intellectual property, privacy or other rights.  Art and design workWe invite artists and designers to submit ideas and artwork which we may consider.
By submitting such artwork, you represent to us that the same is your own work and has not been copied from another source and that you have the right to send your ideas and designs to us.
We do not guarantee to use or consider any ideas or artwork that you might submit.You send such materials to us at your own risk whether by electronically or otherwise.
You acknowledge that the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be secure at all times and therefore we will not under any circumstances be responsible or liable to you for any loss of your materials or any unauthorised access to or disclosure of the same.  The information on this websiteWe may remove content or change our website at any time and without notice.
We aim to provide accurate information but do not guarantee to do so or that particular products will be made available. We may withdraw information, products and content at any time.Any information on this website about enquiry response times is indicative only and will not be binding.Any tools that we may make available on or link to on our website from time to time are for convenience only and are not guaranteed to be accurate or up to date.
This includes information about trade account, order and invoice history for our trade customers.The information on this website is in English.  Our intellectual property rightsAll design, text, graphics, images, logos, trademarks, arrangement of them and all other materials and content on this site, the look and feel of the website and any underlying software are subject to copyright and other ownership rights which belong either to us or our third party licensors.
Using this website does not in any way give or transfer any such rights to you.In particular, the website shows details of the goods that we offer and some of the designs in our product ranges.
All intellectual property rights in those goods, including in the designs, illustrations, artwork and verses and the trademarks and logos which appear on them belong to us and you must not under any circumstances, copy the same of allow any other person to do so.
You acknowledge that our business is heavily based on the retention and preservation of those intellectual property rights which remain one of our key, valuable assets.
We therefore take instances of breach of our intellectual property rights seriously.You must not yourself or allow anyone else to publish, copy, distribute or modify this website or any content whatsoever.
Proprietary works are protected by laws and all such rights are reserved.You may print off one copy and download extracts of any page for personal reference and may draw the attention of others to material on our site.
You must not modify the copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way or use any illustrations, photographs, or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status as author of material on our website must always be acknowledged.  If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these Terms of Use, your right to use our website will cease immediately and you must return or destroy all copies of the materials you have made.You must not copy or use any trademarks or logos on this website except with our express written permission.   We provide images of our products on this website for illustration only.
Please note therefore that the images used may not represent the full range of products or features and colours, designs and images shown, may vary.Links to other websitesFrom time to time, we may provide links to other websites.
Those links and any other third party information are provided for convenience only and we are not responsible for the content or availability of those websites or your use of them.
We do not make any representations or give any kind of guarantee about their content.You may link to our home page but must do so in a way which is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not infer any association, approval or endorsement where none exists.  You must not establish a link from any website that you do not own.
Our website must not be framed on any site, nor may you create a link to any page other than the home page.
We may withdraw linking permission without notice.LiabilityYou must make sure that your reliance on this site is suitable for your own purposes.
The information we provide is not intended to amount to advice and the material is provided without any guarantee as to its accuracy.  We do not warrant that the information accessible via this website is complete or that the website will be available, secure or operate without error or be free from virus or similar.Nothing in these Terms of Use is intended in any way to exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury which is caused by our negligence or any fraudulent misrepresentations by us or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.This website is provided on an “as is” basis.
Accordingly, to the extent that the law allows, neither we nor any of our employees or representatives will be liable to you, no matter how that liability arises, for any costs, claims, liabilities, expenses or damages which you incur arising out of or in connection with use of this website.
This includes without limit:loss of profit or loss of anticipated savings (whether direct or indirect);loss of data;loss of income, revenue or business;loss of goodwill or damage to reputation; orwasted management time.All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute or common law (including as to satisfactory quality and fitness for purpose) are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.  We will not under any circumstances be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, virus or similar that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, system, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.Our liability to you when you purchase products from us is dealt with in our trading terms and conditions.GeneralThe English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from or related to our website or these Terms of Use.
These Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter (including non-contractual disputes or claims) or this website shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.If any part of these Terms of Use becomes void then all other parts will continue to be valid irrespective of the unenforceable part.Failure by you or us to exercise rights under these Terms of Use or a delay in doing so will not affect any of the remaining rights and remedies available to us or you.Nothing in these Terms of Use will imply a relationship of employment, partnership, joint venture or agency between us.We may appoint any third parties to assist us in making this website available at any time.Except as agreed in these Terms of Use, a person who is not a party to them will not have any rights to enforce any term as set out above.We may amend these Terms of Use at any time.Please also refer to our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy for additional information about how we use the information we hold. Those policies are incorporated into and form a part of these terms and conditions.© 2020 Paper Rose
find us
Riverside HouseCenturion WayNottinghamNG2 1RW
contact us
+44 (0) 115 986 0115customerservices@paperrose.co.ukPrivacy Policy
|
Cookies
|
Terms (C) Paper Rose Ltd. 2020. All rights reserved.
follow us
Share by: