http://www.mountaineering-designs.co.uk/privacy.html
View Cart
Home »
About us »
ServicesCleaned & Refurbished Pre-owned stockProductsMEN'SWOMEN'S
Information »
Links
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us »
home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Mountaineering Designs we are very serious about protecting your privacy. Your trust is our most important
asset. This privacy policy explains how Mountaineering Designs may collect information from you via our website
and how that information may be used subsequently.
If you have any queries in relation to this privacy policy please contact us. Details of how to contact us are set out below.
By browsing and using our website you agree to this policy governing your use of the website. If you do not
accept this policy, you must not use our website.
This policy applies only to this website and not to other websites to which we provide links. We also enter into
agreements with commercial partners whose websites may be co-branded or framed by us and which you may visit directly
through our website. These websites are not subject to our privacy policy. You are advised to read the privacy policy
of such other websites.
We may change our privacy policy from time to time without notification and you should regularly review this policy
when you visit our site.
Collection of information
In order to provide the services you want, and to allow you to experience a more personalised service when you revisit
us, we need to know your interests. We find these out by asking you, by reading your comments and by looking at which are
the most popular areas of our sites.
Collection of personal information
We will only collect personal information from you (such as name, address, telephone number, email address etc) which
you have provided voluntarily to us either by completing registration or enquiry forms or sending emails to us.
Examples of where we may collect your personal information include (without limitation):-
If you order a product or service from us we may ask for information including your name, e-mail address,
delivery and billing address, credit or debit card number and expiry date. Sometimes we may ask for your telephone
number to be forwarded to the couriers who may deliver your order. These details allow us to process your orders
efficiently.
Collection of other information
In addition to asking you to submit personal information, we may collect information about you automatically when
you visit the site. The collection of information may involve the use of cookies and web beacons. A web beacon is a
small graphic image placed on a web page that is designed to allow us to monitor visitors to our site. A cookie is
small text file that is placed on your computer's hard drive by your web browser when you first visit our site. The
cookie allows us to identify your computer and find out details about your last visit. Most internet browsers accept
cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to erase cookies or prevent automatic
acceptance if you prefer. If you choose not to receive our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience with our
website will be as quick or responsive as if you do receive cookies.
The information collected by cookies and web beacons is not personally identifiable, it includes general information
about your computer settings, your connection to the internet e.g. operating system and platforms, IP address, your
browsing patterns and timings of browsing on our website and your geographical location.
How we may use your information
You agree that we may obtain, hold, correlate, merge and use your information (including personal information) for
the purpose of providing you with our services and ancillary services and for our internal business purposes. These
include (without limitation):-
personalising your visits to the site and developing the design and style of the site to improve our services to you
to inform you about the latest changes to our website, or products, services or promotional offers that you might
find interesting;
communication (and personalising such communication) with you from group companies and from other reputable and
trustworthy third parties (if you have agreed to such);
informing you if you have been successful in any of the competitions or promotions;
compiling customer reviews;
for market research purposes;
to prevent you from posting illegal, offensive or objectionable comments on our sites;
to enable third parties to carry out statistical analyses', technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf
including determining behavioural preferences to manage online advertising;
for strategic development;
for any purpose required by law or regulation; and
for accounting purposes.
Sharing Information
We may provide third parties, at our discretion, with certain aggregate statistical data about your use of our websites,
which data may include demographic data such as age range and/or geographic location of groups of user. It will not include
information that could personally identify you.
With your consent, we may supply personal information to third parties.
We reserve the right to access and to disclose personal information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government
requests or requests by applicable regulatory bodies, to operate our systems properly or to protect either ourselves or our
other users.
We may transfer, sell or assign any of the information described in this policy to third parties as a result of a sale,
merger, consolidation, change of control, transfer of assets or reorganisation of Standard Card.
You consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of the European Economic Area (which may not provide the
same protection for such information as the United Kingdom provides) in the event that the processing of your information
involves such a transfer.
Mountaineering Designs. High Fell, Grange-Over-Sands, Cumbria, LA11 6HD, England, UK.
Cumbria Web Design by
bf internet