https://www.business-sanity.com/terms/
Home
Coaching
Leadership
Productivity
Profitability
About
Work With Me
Success Stories
Blog
718-499-2831
Business Sanity
Get the business you want, without the insanity: Download my free report
Home » Terms
Terms
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity’s web site for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,
not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity’s web site are provided “as is”. Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity’s Internet site, even if Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity or a Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Mind Body Solutions Inc. DBA Business Sanity’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Recent Posts
Are prospective clients slipping through your fingers?
When employees disappoint…
More on breaking through the “procrastination zone”
Can you pass this simple marketing test?
Action or Re-Action?
"Susan taught me how to think about my law practice as a business. She helped me to build confidence in my role as a business owner and boss, showed me how to use my financial records as profitability tools and focus my marketing on a select target market so I attract more of my ideal clients and cases. I would highly recommend Susan to anyone who wants to run a profitable, sane and productive business. Thank you Susan!" -Lisa Eisenberg, Immigration Attorney
"I am one of two partners in a small law firm. When I started working with Susan, I was completely wedded to the idea that I was a "practicing attorney" rather than a small business owner, which meant that I often failed do any long range business planning or to maintain solid control of my firm's profitability and finances. Susan cured me of that and has helped me create a business plan for myself and for my small firm, and the results have been dramatic." Erica Bell, Esq., Weiss, Buell & Bell
"Susan has helped me gain confidence in my role as a boss and to understand what I really need from my employees. She walked me through the hiring process and helped me to create a hiring and interviewing strategy.
She has also helped me to see situations from the big picture perspective. Because of this, I'm able to be both firm and empathetic when dealing with difficult employee and client situations, which has been very useful." -Chris Page, Century 21 Solutions Property Management
"I had been running my own business for about three years with mixed results.
While I had a great client base, I had trouble managing employees and was terrified of growing too much too soon.
I was putting in way too many hours with little result. With Susan, I've reduced the amount of time I devote to management issues, so that I'm working less and enjoying it more.
Now I can devote more time to providing better service to current clients, and have the confidence to let my business grow again!" Ean Murphy, Moxie Bookkeeping
"When I started to work with Susan I did not have a coherent marketing strategy or proper marketing material. Susan helped me re-conceive how I presented my service to potential clients. And it worked. Within a few months I was getting more business as a direct result of the actions she recommended that I take."
-Edward Antoine, Antoine Education
"Before we worked together, my clients would often start to clear clutter but never stay around long enough to set up the systems to stay organized.
I needed a way to get them to commit to the whole process for both of our benefits.With Susan on my side, I created packages that were met with immediate and overwhelmingly positive results. In fact, I have gained three new clients in the two weeks since I started offering them!
My clients are happy and so am I. Thank you Susan!" -Matt Baier, Matt Baier Organizing
"Before working with Susan, I did all of my business online, never feeling comfortable enough to pick up the phone and speak directly with customers. Her sales coaching helped me helped me get out of my shell, to understand the difference between sales and marketing, and the importance of reaching out and focusing on people. Because of our work, sales are up, I'm more comfortable dealing with clients and new prospects and profits have increased 50%." -Martin Cross, Patent Translations
"Before I hired Susan, my business was suffering because I didn't know what to do next or how to do it.
After working with Susan, and through her gentle but firm support and holding me to my goals, I have moved forward by leaps and bounds.
My subscriber list has more than doubled ...I've produced a new product, re-designed my web site and have more balance and confidence in the future." Dale Kurow, Career Coach
"It's one thing to have services to offer. It's another to understand how to shape those services into a viable business. And Susan has helped me in every aspect of developing my business - from big picture tasks such as financial planning and maintaining client relationships to dealing with day-to-day challenges. She's perceptive, candid and intuitive, and has provided support that I can count on. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her to any friends looking for business assistance."-Richard Staub, Richard Staub Marketing Services
"During the course of working with Susan, my approach to business has changed. She helped me to refine my professional and personal goals, and I've been able to deal with problems that had long gotten in my way. In a few months, I've seen my business and my confidence grow significantly. Thank you Susan." -Ruth Seidler
"Business Coach Susan Martin has helped me to manage my time, build structure and become more disciplined. Because of our work I have more business, improved relationships with clients, and learned how to better balance my work and personal life. If you have any doubts about the benefits of working with Susan, please don't hesitate to call me." -Carl Navarro, JCI Graphics
prev next
©2020-Business Sanity, 108 Garfield Place, Brooklyn NY 11215 718-499-2831 By Appointment Only. Privacy | Terms of Use/Disclaimer | User Site Map | Business Coaching | Leadership | Productivity | Profitability
MENU
Home
Business Coaching
Leadership
Productivity
Profitability
About
Work With Me
Success Stories
Blog
Linkedin
718-499-2831