http://www.hotcards.com/privacy-policy
Menu
All Products
Design Templates
Business Cards
Banners
Vehicle Wraps
Political
Enterprise
Back
Business Cards
Envelopes & Stationary
Holiday Cards & Gifts
Instant Custom Hotcards
Marketing Materials
Music & Events
Outdoor Displays
Political Printing
Signs & Banners
Stickers, Labels & Magnets
Trade Show Products
Vehicle Wraps
Back
Free Business Cards
Premium Business Cards
ColorFuse Business Cards
Appointment Cards
Uncoated Business Cards
Mini Business Cards
Foldover Business Cards
Luxury Silk Business Cards
Die Cut Business Cards
Spot UV Business Cards
Foil Business Cards
Kraft Business Cards
Ultra Thick Business Cards
Circle Business Cards
Soft Touch Business Cards
Pearl Business Cards
Suede Business Cards
500 Business Cards for Only $9.99
Back
#10 Envelopes
#10 Window Envelopes
A2 Envelopes
A6 Envelopes
A7 Envelopes
A8 Envelopes
A9 Envelopes
A10 Envelopes
Letterhead Printing
Notepads
Notecards
Back
Greeting Cards
Christmas Cards
Back
Instant Custom Hotcards
Custom ColorFuse Cards
Custom Kraft Cards
Custom Soft Touch Cards
Custom Pearl Cards
Custom Ultra Thick Cards
Back
Flyers
Postcards
Brochures
Mailing Brochures
Rack Cards
Presentation Folders
Table Tents
Door Hangers
Sell Sheets
Club Cards
Hang Tags
Posters
Gift Certificates & Coupons
ColorFuse Postcards
Booklets
Tri Fold Brochures
Back
Event Tickets
CD Inserts
CD Tray Cards
CD Wallets
DVD Covers
Record Inserts
Record Jackets
Lanyards
Double Ended Lanyards
Laminated Credentials
Back
Custom Printed Tents
Inflatable Dome Tents
Tubular Dome Tents
Teardrop Flags
Feather Flags
Standard Flags
Wind Dancer Flags
Outdoor Banner Stands
Double Sided Outdoor Retractable Banners
Outdoor Sidewalk Signs
Plastic A-Frame Signs
Steel A-Frame Signs
Popup A-Frame Banners
Outdoor A-Frame Billboards
Café Barriers
Custom Printed Umbrella Canopies
Inflatable Columns
Double Sided Outdoor Banner Stands
Back
Political Postcards
Political Push Cards
Political Campaign Palm Cards
Political Door Hangers
Political Rally Signs
Political Campaign Posters
Political Business Cards
Political Flyers
Political Brochure
Political Brochures with Mailing
Back
Banners
X-Frame Banners
Retractable Banner Stands
Double Sided Retractable Banner Stands
Tall Retractable Banner Stands
Tabletop Retractable Banner Stands
Step and Repeat Banners
Foam Core Signs
Large Magnets
Permanent Adhesive Vinyl Graphics
Plastic Signs
Wall Graphics
Window Cling
Yard Signs
Back
Custom Stickers
Roll Labels
Bottle Labels
Bumper Stickers
Business Card Magnets
Business Card Stickers
Calendar Magnets
Car Magnets
Clear Stickers
Custom Decals
Custom Magnets
Custom Labels
Cut Vinyl Letters
Die Cut Stickers
DuraHot 5000 Stickers
Kiss Cut Stickers
Name Tag Labels
Return Address Labels
Roll Stickers
Save The Date Magnets
Shipping & Mailing Labels
Sticker Sheets
Waterproof Labels
Wine Labels
Back
Hopup Displays
Hopup Displays with End Caps
Premium Table Throws
Stretch Table Throws
Fitted Table Throws
Imprinted Table Throws
Round Table Throws
Table Runners
Counters
Charging Stations
Straight Fabric Banner Displays
Curved Fabric Banner Displays
Curved Popup Exhibit Systems
Truss Backwall Systems
Fabric Exhibit Systems
Modular Exhibit Systems
Designer Exhibit Systems
Fabric Towers
Fabric Arch Structures
Conference Walls
Round Hanging Structures
Square Hanging Structures
Triangle Hanging Structures
Pyramid Hanging Structures
Funnel Hanging Structures
S-Curve Hanging Structures
Back
Smart Electric Coupe
Metris Cargo Van 126WB Standard Roof
Metris Passenger Van 126WB Standard Roof
Nissan NV 200 Compact Cargo
Nissan NV Cargo High Roof
Nissan NV Cargo Standard Roof
Nissan NV Passenger
Nissan Frontier Crew Cab
Nissan Frontier King Cab
Nissan Titan Pickup Truck Crew Cab
Sprinter Cargo Van 144WB High Roof
Sprinter Cargo Van 144WB Standard Roof
Sprinter Cargo Van 170WB Extd High Roof
Sprinter Cargo Van 170WB Extd Super High Roof
Sprinter Cargo Van 170WB High Roof
Sprinter Cargo Van 170WB Super High Roof
Sprinter Crew Van 144WB High Roof
Sprinter Crew Van 144WB Standard Roof
Sprinter Crew Van 170WB High Roof
Sprinter Passenger Van 144WB High Roof
Sprinter Passenger Van 170WB High Roof
Sprinter Passenger Van 144WB Standard Roof
Sprinter Cab Chassis 144WB
Sprinter Cab Chassis 170WB
Back
Free Business Cards
Premium Business Cards
ColorFuse Business Cards
Appointment Cards
Uncoated Business Cards
Mini Business Cards
Foldover Business Cards
Luxury Silk Business Cards
Die Cut Business Cards
Spot UV Business Cards
Foil Business Cards
Kraft Business Cards
Ultra Thick Business Cards
Circle Business Cards
Soft Touch Business Cards
Pearl Business Cards
Suede Business Cards
500 Business Cards for Only $9.99
Back
Banners
X-Frame Banners
Retractable Banner Stands
Double Sided Retractable Banner Stands
Tall Retractable Banner Stands
Tabletop Retractable Banner Stands
Step and Repeat Banners
Foam Core Signs
Large Magnets
Permanent Adhesive Vinyl Graphics
Plastic Signs
Wall Graphics
Window Cling
Yard Signs
Back
Browse Enterprise
Hotstores Centralized Online Ordering
Hotcards Sourcing Network
Design Services
Video Services
Events & Promotions
Warehousing & Fulfillment
Help
Log In
My Cart
Chat Now
Support
Privacy Policy
Hotcards.com values the privacy of our customers. Any of the following personal information that may be made available to Hotcards.com when browsing, navigating or ordering products from our Web site shall be kept confidential:
First and last name
Company, home, postal or other physical address
Other contact information including telephone number, fax number, email address, and other similar information
Title or position in a company or an organization
Occupation
Industry
Personal interests
Credit Card Information
Any other information needed to provide a service you requested.
Examples of scenarios where our customers provide their personal information are shown below:
Opening or closing a Hotcards.com account.
Placing an order
Requesting product support.
Requesting samples.
Sending an E-Card
Participating in an online survey.
Requesting inclusion in an email or other mailing list.
Submitting an entry for a contest or other promotions.
Applying for a job.
Submitting personal information to Hotcards.com for any other reason.
Logging in to our Web site, thus requiring a user name and/or a password.
Any other business-related reason.
Hotcards.com may also receive personal information from our business partners, third-party service providers, vendors and suppliers or your trade and bank references, under acceptable privacy practices consistent with applicable laws.
Hotcards.com provides you the opportunity to agree or decline to give your personal information via the Internet. The company will inform you of the purpose for the collection. Hotcards.com does not intend to transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described under the discussion entitled Information Sharing and Disclosure below. If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we may transfer that information, within Hotcards.com or to a third party service provider.
Domain Information Collection
Hotcards.com also collects domain information to enable us to analyze how our visitors use this site. This data enables us to become more familiar with which customers visit our site, how often they visit, and what parts of the site they visit most often. Hotcards.com uses this information to improve its Web-based offerings. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part.
Use of Cookies and Tracking User Traffic
Some pages on this site may use "cookies" - small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID to track the pages visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. These files are used for site registration and customization the next time you visit us.
Some parts of our Web site may also use cookies to track user traffic patterns. Hotcards.com does this in order to determine the usefulness of our Web site information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. Please note that cookies cannot read data off of your hard drive. Your Web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not. If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our Web site, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, By not accepting cookies, some pages may not fully function and you may not be able to access certain information on this site.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Your personal information is never shared outside Hotcards.com without your permission, except under conditions listed below:
Consenting to share your information to a third party service provider working on our behalf to serve you.
Requiring us to provide you with a product or service.
Requesting up-to-date product announcements, special offers or other information from Hotcards.com or business partners.
Hotcards.com may also disclose your personal information, if required to do so by law, to enforce our Terms of Use, or in urgent circumstances, to protect personal safety, the public or our Web sites.
If you receive unwanted marketing materials from any of our business partners, please let them know that you wish to be removed from their contact list.
Internet Security
Hotcards.com strives to protect your personal information by using 128bit encryption technology; however, we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.
Protecting the Privacy of Children
Children under 13 years old are not the target audience for our Web site. To protect their privacy, Hotcards.com prohibits the solicitation of personal information from these children.
Links to Third Party Sites
This Web site does not contain links to other sites. Hotcards.com does not share your personal information with those Web sites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Credit Cards Transactions
Hotcards.com uses 128bit encryption technology using Secure Socket Layers (SSL) while transfering sensitive information from our Web site to the server and vice versa. Hotcards.com will not request to provide your credit card information anywhere else, except while ordering a product.
If your credit card was invalid, a customer service representative will not call you, instead we will update the information on your account pages. You will then be asked to call customer service. We urge you to not provide your credit card information to any unauthorized person.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Hotcards.com reserves the right to change, modify or update this policy at any time without notice. Any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information will be posted on this site.
How to Opt Out
If you wish to unsubscribe from any future communications, please contact us at support@hotcards.com and we will remove your name from the communications list.
If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please email us at support@hotcards.com
GDPR
Certain individuals are afforded rights under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union. Those rights are as follows:
You have the Right to be informed regarding how any data collected that pertains to you is used. Our Privacy Policy (this page) indicates how any data collected that pertains to you is used.
You have the Right of Access to any data collected that pertains to you. You may access any data collected that pertains to you by logging in to your account at Hotcards.com and going to "My Profile".
You have the Right to Rectifications regarding any data collected that pertains to you. You may rectify any data collected that pertains to you by logging in to your account at Hotcards.com and going to "My Profile".
You have the Right of Erasure of any data collected that pertains to you. You may request the erasure of any data collected that pertains to you by contacting Hotcards.com via email at support@Hotcards.com.
You have the Right to Restrict Processing of any data collected that pertains to you. You may request the the restriction of processing of any data collected that pertains to you by contacting Hotcards.com via email at support@Hotcards.com.
You have the Right of Portability to any data collected that pertains to you. You may exercise your right to the portability of any data collected that pertains to you by contacting Hotcards.com via email at support@Hotcards.com.
You have the Right to Object to any data collected that pertains to you. You may exercise your right to object to any data collected that pertains to you by contacting Hotcards.com via email at support@Hotcards.com.
In addition, if you are unable to exercise your rights by contacting us via email, or by logging into your account at Hotcards.com, you may exercise your rights by contacting us by telephone at 1-216-241-4040 and making a verbal request by speaking with a representative. In the case of a verbal request, your request will be documented via email and submitted for record keeping purposes to support@Hotcards.com.
Continued use of the services provided by Hotcards.com implies consent to keep and process data collected that pertains to you.
Hotcards.com will only process data shared with us which includes contact information, shipping details, payment information and artwork. This is information is not shared with any third party except for name and email maintained in Mail Chimp as our email providers, payment information that is submitted to Stripe for payment processing, and courier services (USPS, FedEx and UPS) for the delivery of orders.
There is no data expiry for contact information, shipping details and payment information. Artwork submitted for print however is kept for the purpose of reprints or reorder for at least 90 days before being deleted from our systems.
Need help using our site?
Browse our knowledge base for answers to common questions while placing your print order
MY ACCOUNT
Everything you need to know about setting up and using your Hotcards account
Creating a New Account
Logging In
Resetting Your Password
Reseller Program
MY HOTCARDS ORDERS
All the behind the scene details about pre-existing orders
Checking Order Status
Reviewing & Approving Proofs
Turn Around Time
Reviewing Order History
Making Changes To An Existing Order
Satisfaction Guarantee
PLACING AN ORDER
Everything and anything you could want to know about placing an order!
Navigating Hotcards.com
Proofs
Accepted Payment Methods
File Prep Templates
23 Hour Turnaround
Order Shipping & Pick Up Options
Upload Help
Turnaround Time
Privacy Policy
Stocks and Coatings
The Hotcards Print Method
Lowest Price Guarantee
Additional Finishing Options
Green Printing
Terms of Use
DESIGN
We need a design to print. Whether it’s your own press ready file or a custom piece created by the Hotcards design team, you choose! All designs should be submitted as high resolution files with proper bleed and margins.
Submitting Your Own Design
CMYK vs. RGB vs. PMS
Hire a Hotcards Designer
DIRECT MAIL
Checkout these options for more information on mailing your postcards or brochures through Hotcards!
Postage & Addressing
Submitting a Mailing List
Mailing Turnaround Time
Purchasing a Mailing List
Adding Mailing to an Order
Design Requirements
APPAREL AND PROMO
Checkout these options for more information on your Apparel and Promo Order Through Hotcards!
Apparel Print Templates
What File Types can I submit for Apparel and Promo Orders?
Can you help with my design?
Protected Imagery
What Is Process Printing?
How can I print designs with photos?
Specialty Inks
How do I access my saved designs?
How is my price calculated?
Can I get a sample?
How do I order my design with different products, colors or styles?
What happens after my order is placed?
Important design review information
Keeping your order on schedule
Image redraw and recreation
Resolution and DPI for Apparel and Promotional Products Orders
When will I recieve my Apparel or Promo Order?
Turnaround time
Next day Promo Orders
Can I supply my own garments or promo products for printing?
How many ink colors will I need to reproduce my image?
What is your maximum size for apparel printing?
Can I print sizing and care instructions on the inside collar of my garment?
Where can I find a sizing chart for a garment?
Hotcards... Cool Prices.
Unfortunately you cannot access the online designer without Adobe Flash
Click here to open Adobe's website to download Flash.