http://www.avenista.com/gdprprivacypolicy/
GDPR - Privacy Policy
Home /
GDPR - Privacy Policy
This is privacy notice of KB Logic Ltd T/A Avenista® Table Reservations.
We respect your privacy and are determined to protect your personal data. The purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from). We’ll also tell you about your privacy rights and how the data protection law protects you.
This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below.
1. WHO WE ARE
KB Logic Ltd T/A Avenista® Table Reservations of Vanguard House, Keckwick Lane, Daresbury, Warrington,
WA4 4AB, United Kingdom.
2. THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
• technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
• information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) visited through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as clicks), and methods used to browse away from the page. We may attempt to identify your business where your use of our website is from a business IP address and in some cases may attempt to identify first name, last name, LinkedIn profile and email address of key decision makers within that business.
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including:
• You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our sites www.avenista.com or www.kblogic.com or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, request further information on our products or services, support requests, request a demonstration of our products or services, search for a product, place an order on our site, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, personal description.
• We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site. We are also working closely with third parties including, for example, (business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services such as Stripe based outside the EU, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers such as Google based outside the EU, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
• to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
• to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
• to provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you, and to notify you about changes to our service;
• to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
• to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
• to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
• to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
• as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
• to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
• to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
• Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with
information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and
the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information
we receive).
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
• Performance of Contract this means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
• Legitimate Interest this means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
• Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation this means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us: KB Logic Ltd T/A Avenista® Table Reservation, Vanguard House, Keckwick Lane, Daresbury, Warrington, WA4 4AB, United Kingdom.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of the ways we plan to use your personal data, with the legal bases we rely on to do so.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including: (a) Manage payments, fees and charges (b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include: (a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy (b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
5. WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
• Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you.
• Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
• Credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
• In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
• If KB Logic Ltd TA Avenista Table Reservations® or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
• If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use http://www.avenista.com/terms-of-website-use/ or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of KB Logic Ltd TA Avenista® Table Reservations, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We share your personal data within the COMPANY Group. This may involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by implementing safeguards.
Please contact us at sysadmin@avenista.com if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
7. DATA SECURITY
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. KB Logic Ltd TA ® will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
8. DATA RETENTION
The data that we collect about you will be kept for as long as you have a contract with us or require our technical support and services in order for us to fulfil this contract.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers including (Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for Tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Your legal rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Unless subject to an exemption under the data protection laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
• The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
• The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
• The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;
• The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where consent was the lawful basis for processing your data;
• The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), where applicable 9i.e. where our processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or where we process your data by automated means);
• The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
• The right to object to our processing of personal data, where applicable i.e. where processing is based on our legitimate interests (or in performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing or processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact KB Logic Ltd T/A Avenista® Table Reservations, Vanguard House, Keckwick Lane, Daresbury, Warrington, WA4 4AB, United Kingdom.
No fee required – with some exceptions
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable admin fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10. Changes to this notice and your duty to inform us of changes
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. We request that you keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us, it is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
11. QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNS
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints in relation to this policy or any other data protection matter between you and us, please in the first instance contact:
Data Protection Officer,  KB Logic Ltd T/A Avenista® Table Reservations, Vanguard House, Keckwick Lane, Daresbury, Warrington, WA4 4AB, United Kingdom.
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office on 03031231113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England, UK.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
ACCEPT
MORE INFO