http://www.saai.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Updates and changes made to this Privacy Policy go into effect on January 15, 2019 and supersedes any previous privacy policy for SAA Advisors, Inc d/b/a Strategic Asset Alliance, its affiliates or any other related entities (hereinafter “SAA”).
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, fill out a form, view any page or link on our site, or interact with the any proprietary databases, such as Manager Select or the Pool Peer Database.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, job title, company name or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. Only an email address and username is required for registration. All other information is optional.
SAA does not process transactions and does not collect transaction related information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs by customizing the content visible to you on the homepage or sidebars and allowing access to restricted areas)
; To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To improve support and service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your service requests and support needs)
; To send periodic emails
(The email address you provide during registration may be used to send you information and updates provided to all InsurerCIO Members or participants of Manager Select)
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can do so at this link or email us at eeugenio@saai.com
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
SAA takes the security of your personal information very seriously. We use website security measures consistent with current best practices. These measures include advanced access controls to limit personal information access to only internal personnel who require access to that information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction, so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
Outside parties are defined as any entity not related to SAA Advisors, Inc d/b/a Strategic Asset Alliance, or its affiliate InsurerCIO, Inc. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This includes email addresses, mailing addresses, phone numbers, IP addresses, page views, portfolio data or usernames. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party content, products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
European General Data Protection Regulation
Due to uncertainty stemming from the recently implemented GDPR compliance laws, we are temporarily disabling registrations from users within the European Union until further notice. We apologize for the inconvenience. Please contact us if you have any questions.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through SAA and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.saai.com/terms-of-use-agreement/
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, send an email notifying you of any changes, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 01/15/2019
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
11 Bellwether Way, Ste. 209
Bellingham, WA 98225
eeugenio@saai.com