https://www.processsensors.com/company/privacy-policy/
Process Sensors Corporation
+1-508-473-9901
Company
Contact
Login
Industries & Applications
Paper & Converting
Food
Wood
Tobacco
Biofuels
Steel
Metals
Cement & Lime
Power
Products
Near Infrared Moisture, Oil & Coat Weight Sensors
Infrared Temperature Measurement
Custom OEM Solutions
Support
Contact Support
FAQs
Support Downloads
Distributor Resources
What's New
Company News
Events and Tradeshows
Blog
Company
Contact
+1-508-473-9901
Search
Privacy Policy
Home
Company
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY AND DISCLAIMER
Process Sensors Corporation Privacy notice
Last updated:  May 25, 2018
Process Sensors Corporation respects your privacy.  We have created this Privacy Policy to inform our customers and other visitors to our website what information we collect, how we collect it, how we use it and your personal data rights.
You can exercise the following rights by contacting our data protection officer:
Obtain information about your stored personal data and it’s processing (sharing),
Correct or otherwise modify personal data, deletion of stored personal data,
If you have given us consent to process your personal data, you can withdraw it at any time with effect for the future
Restrictions of deletion of personal data, why we are not yet allowed to delete some or all your data due to legal obligations,
Objection to the Company’s processing of your personal data
You can always contact the jurisdictional authority responsible for you with a complaint. Your jurisdictional authority will depend on the state of your domicile, work or alleged violation.
By using this website, you consent to the privacy practices described in this policy.
We process your personal data only for the purposes stated in this privacy policy. A transfer of your personal data to third parties for purposes other than those mentioned does not take place. We only share your personal information with third parties if:
You have given your express consent to the processing,
The processing is required to execute a contract with you,
the processing is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation, or
the processing is necessary to protect legitimate interests and there is no reason to believe that you have an overriding legitimate interest in not disclosing your information.
Information We Collect
Personal Data
Personal data means any information that may be used to identify an individual.  Examples include name, title, work address, business phone and mobile number, email address as well as any other information such as gender that may help identify an individual.  Personal data are typically collected from information you provide when you interact with our website and in actions such as:
Registration on our website.  When registering for the use of our personalized web services, some personal information will be collected, such as name, address, contact and communication information such as telephone number and e-mail address. If you are registered with us, you have access to content and services only offered to registered users. We are happy to correct or delete this data at your request, as far as no statutory retention requirements preclude the data’s deletion. To contact us in this context, please use the contact details given at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Contact form.  If you contact us by e-mail or contact form, this establishes your consent for the purpose of communication. This requires the specification of a valid e-mail address. This consent serves for the assignment of the request and the subsequent answering of the same. The specification of further data is at you option. The information you provide will be stored for fulfillment of your request and for future recurring questions.
When users leave comments on our site, the comments will be saved at the time of their creation and associated with the username identified with the site visitor. This is for our security, as we may be prosecuted for illegal content on our website, even if created by users.
When subscribing to our email programs such as newsletters, personal data is stored for the purposes of sending periodic communications.
If you choose to answer surveys that we send to you, your contact information may be stored.
Other interactions with company representatives at trade shows, conferences, via telephone or other means or in-person visits may result in the storing of personal data for the purposes of future communications for the pursuit or completion of legitimate business reasons.
Usage Data
Usage data are information collected automatically when you interact with our website or services.  Usage data contains information relating to the technology and connection information for the session, and behavior and activity information during that session.  Cookies (see below) and other technologies are used by the “Company” and third parties to collect this information.
Examples of usage data may include Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect to our services, browser type and operating system of the computer, session information such as pages visited, clicks, and whether this was a return visit.
As an example, we use Google Analytics to evaluate how users interact with our website and to improve our services.  Google Analytics places a cookie in your web browser that provides information to Google so that it can identify you as a return visitor the next time you visit our site, and store what pages you have visited during your session.  This technology is covered by Google Analytics’ Terms of Use and Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy.
As another example, we may use Google Adwords to display advertisements to potential customers looking for our products.  If you have reached our website via an advertisement served by Google, Google Adwords will set a cookie on your computer that provides information on how many people clicked on the advertisement, and how many filled out the request for information form.  We use this information to improve our marketing presentation to our potential customers.
For more information on how Google uses information from partner websites, please see https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
Cookies and other internet data technologies
Definition
Cookies are small files saved to your device that allow our services to identify your device and provide advanced functionalities from our website such as storing preferences or passwords.  Cookies may also be employed for marketing purposes to improve our services, as described above.
Disabling Cookies
If you do not wish us to collect information using cookies, you may disable cookies via your browser settings.  This setting may be found in the preferences section of the browser or by searching for ‘Cookies’ in the help.
Disabling cookies may interfere with certain functions of the website.  If you continue to browse this website without changing your browser’s cookie settings, you agree to receive cookies when you use this website.
How we use this information
“Company” will use this information only for operation of our business and to respond to your requests.  Examples of such operations include:
When contact or support inquiry forms are filled out, we will use the information provided to contact you to provide information about our products or to respond to your request and resolve the issue.
We may use the information provided to send a follow-up survey to request information about our interaction with you to improve our services.
When you apply for employment, we may use the information provided to contact you as part of our employment screening processes.  We may keep your application on file to use for future open positions.
If you subscribe to our marketing or subscription service, will use the information to provide you with promotional or informational materials.  You may revoke this permission at any time by opting out of our service.  Please click the ‘Opt-out’ link on the communication in question or send the request to the contacts at the bottom of this policy.
How we share this information
“Company” will not sell your personal data and will only use this information for the conduct of our business and to provide services.  For these purposes, we may share your information with:
Companies within our corporate family, KPM Analytics group, including our subsidiaries
Authorized distribution partners which are locally contracted to provide our products or services
Third party service providers including shipping, marketing consultants or other contractors
Any government or law enforcement organization to fulfill a legal request
How long we store this information
“Company” will store this collected personal data indefinitely or as long as needed to fulfill the business purposed described above.
Your Rights
“Company” makes every effort to safeguard personal information and process it according to the definitions in this policy.  You have the following rights with regards to your personal information:
Request a copy of personal data stored in our systems
Request that your personal data be permanently erased
Request to be removed from any future sales or marketing communication
Contact us to file a complaint with regards to the processing of your personal data
Request us to restrict further processing of your personal data
Change of our privacy policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy to comply with the latest legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the privacy policy, e.g. when introducing new services. Your new visit will be subject to the new privacy policy.
Amendments
We may make amendments to this policy at any time.  Any changes will be immediately displayed on this website.  Each new visit will be subject to the new privacy policy.
Questions to the data protection officer
If you have any questions about privacy, please email us or contact the person responsible for privacy in our organization:
Contact Information
For questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, to make personal data changes or file a complaint, please contact us at:
Process Sensors Corp.
Data Protection Officer
113 Cedar St.
Milford, MA  01757 USA
Tel.: +1 (508) 473-9901
email: privacy@processensors.com
Products
Near Infrared Moisture, Oil & Coat Weight Sensors
Infrared Temperature Measurement
Custom OEM Solutions
Industries & Applications
Paper & Converting
Food
Wood
Tobacco
Biofuels
Steel
Metals
Cement & Lime
Power
Support
Contact Support
FAQs
Support Downloads
Distributor Resources
What’s New
Company
Contact
Process Sensors Corporation
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
© 2020 Process Sensors Corporation
Privacy Policy • Disclaimer
Contact Us
X