http://www.gabysfarm.com/3.0/privacy.php
Home
| Company
| Flavors
| Gifts & Fun
| Find a Store
| Events | Community
| Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We are committed to the privacy and security of our patrons. We also are committed
to providing you with an enhanced, customized shopping experience that offers
you added value. Therefore, we collect and use information about you to efficiently
process orders and to provide you with a wide range of personalized services.
Please read the following information to learn more about how we collect and
use information.
E-mail
We will use your email address to provide you with additional services should
you request them. Membership allows you to receive a newsletter full of
great special offers, recipes and helpful info. You simply check a box
to subscribe. If you wish to unsubscribe to our newsletter, simply follow
the instructions found within the text email newsletter.
Web Site Traffic
In order to provide you with the best possible shopping experience, it
is necessary that we monitor and evaluate Gaby's Farm web site traffic
and usage. We use this information to enhance our Web site and our service
to you. We will never distribute personal information about you.
Security
We are committed to the safety and security
of our patrons, and assure you we take the utmost
precautions to ensure the safety and security
of your account. We use a secure server to process
all order transactions and access to account
information on Gaby's Farm.
Tracking Technology
Gaby's Farm uses "Cookies" to enhance the ease
of use and the functionality of this web site. "Cookies" are a method a
web server may utilize for temporarily storing a small quantity of information
in a web browser. This method, proposed by Netscape and supported by all
the major browser vendors including Microsoft, assists in greatly enhancing
the ease of use of web sites by users.
Cookie support is required to utilize the shopping
cart and ordering functionality of this site. If you are having trouble
adding items to your shopping cart, your browser either does not support
cookies, or the cookie support is disabled.
Sign up for our Newsletter to get the latest info on availability, new flavors, and special events!!
Eat Healthier & Love It!
Our naturally reduced fat flavors have so much rich fruit blended. You'll never notice it's reduced fat.
The site is undergoing renovations. Be sure to check back soon!
In the mean time, please let us know if you encounter any problems.
Contact Us
|
Newsletter
|
Store Finder
|
Privacy Policy
© Gaby’s Farm, Inc.