http://www.custard.com/privacy-policy/
Our Commitment to Privacy – Custard Insurance Adjusters, Inc.
Welcome to the Custard Insurance Adjusters, Inc. (“Custard”) website (“site”). We appreciate your interest in our company.
The Custard family of companies has always been committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of personal information entrusted to us by current and prospective customers. We value our customers and take your personal privacy very seriously. We are proud of our privacy practices and we want you to know how we protect your information and how we use it.
We do not sell customer information.
We do not share customer information with persons, companies, or organizations outside of Custard that would use that information to contact you about their own products and services.
We expect persons or organizations that provide services on our behalf to keep customer information confidential and to use it only to provide the services we’ve asked them to perform.
Within Custard, we communicate regarding the need to protect your information to those individuals who may have access to it, and we’ve established physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect customer information.
We afford prospective and former customers the same protections as existing customers with respect to the use of personal information.
Each Custard company may maintain its own additional rules and guidelines, which are fully consistent with this policy, and which it may modify as needed for particular services, claims handling requirements, or to conform to local laws or customs around the world.
Information Collection and Use
Custard limits the collection, disclosure and use of information to only what is needed to properly handle its range of independent claims services, to provide new products and services, and/or to fulfill a legal or regulatory requirement. Information will be retained as required by local prescription dates or applicable state, provincial, or federal law, or longer if commercial circumstances require.
Personal Information – Through our site, you may ask us to answer questions that you have, send you information, or deliver to you one of our products of services. In order to respond to your request, we may ask that you provide us with personal information. By “personal information”, we mean data that is unique to an individual, such as a name, address, telephone number, driver’s license number, etc.
Use of Personal Information – Custard collects personal information solely for the purposes of, including, but not limited to:
Claims handling and adjusting, including investigation and payment of claims;
Claims administration;
Detecting and preventing fraud;
Allowing our customer to properly manage risk;
Complying with the law; and
Claims services related business activities, including the marketing of new products/services.
We will not collect any personal information without your consent.
Technical Information – During the period you are logged in our site, we may log IP addresses (a number assigned to your computer when you use the Internet), browser and platform types, domain names, access times, referral data (the last site or URL you visited before logging into our site and the first site or URL you visit after leaving our site), and your activity while using or reviewing our site.
As part of our services, we may also use cookies. A cookie is a message sent to your browser from a Web server that is stored on your computer’s hard drive. The message is sent back to the Web server whenever the browser requests a page from that server. Many commercial Internet sites use cookies. While a code in the cookie file enables the site to label you as a particular user, it does not identify you by name or address unless you have provided us with such information (over the Internet or otherwise) or set up preferences in your browser to do so automatically, in which case it may identify you by name, address or other personal information. You may opt out of accepting cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, rejecting cookies may prevent you from using certain functions and you may have to repeatedly enter information to take advantage of services or promotions.
Use of Technical Information – Through the use of cookies, we can identify you as a particular user and thus provide you with a more customized service. We may also use cookies to track and measure customer or user requests, inquiries, preferences, interests, demographics, traffic patterns and website usage, and to determine audience size and repeated usage. This information may also be used to manage and customize our website’s content, layout, and services in order to improve our site, enhance customer service, and provide tailored messages.
We may also use customer information to send you promotional communications about our services that we believe may be of interest to you. If we have your e-mail address, we may do this by e-mail. If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, you can inform us of your desire to be removed from our mailing lists by writing us at Custard Insurance Adjusters, Inc., ATTN: MIS Manager, 4875 Avalon Ridge Parkway, Norcross, GA 30071, or e-mail at MISManager@custard.com.
With Whom Your Information is Shared
As stated previously, Custard may contract with third parties to provide specific services on our behalf. In order to provide such services, Custard may be required to provide personal information that may be necessary for the third party to provide these services. These third parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
We do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just personal information, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our claims adjusters or appraisers) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, behind a locked door.
If users have any questions about the security at our website, users can send an e-mail to: MISManager@custard.com.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, e-mail or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information. This can usually be done at the Contact Us page on this website, by sending an e-mail to our MIS Department at MISManager@custard.com, or you may contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also e-mail users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Custard Insurance Adjusters, Inc.
ATTN: MIS Manager
4875 Avalon Ridge Parkway
Norcross, GA 30071
Tel: 770-263-6800
Fax: 770-368-3392
E-mail: MISManager@custard.com
Business Development Team
General Contact InformationFor general information, you may contact us at:
Custard Insurance Adjusters, Inc.
4875 Avalon Ridge Parkway
Peachtree Corners, GA  30071
Tel:  770.263.6800
Fax:  770.368.3375
Toll Free (24 hours):
800.457.3390
888.CUSTARD
(888.287.8273)
Email:  info@custard.com