https://www.bal.com.au/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement
Web
BAL Consulting
Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe. Civilization is the process of setting man free from men.  - Ayan Rand, The Fountainhead
Copyright 1978-2020
BAL Consulting
P/L™. All rights reserved.
BAL Consulting P/L "BAL" never releases information about you or your company, whether you are just contacting for information or a customer without your explicit permission. We do not under any circumstances sell information about individuals or companies to mailing lists or to advertising agencies. The only exceptions to the above are if we are required by LAW enforcement to divulge information. Privacy Policy BAL  is committed to complying with the Australian National Privacy Principles  under the Privacy Act 1988 (as amended) (Privacy Act) on 21 December 2001.
BAL complies with the 2017 Australian
Mandatory data breach notification and
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (EU GDPR).  To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our information practices and choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before you submit any information through BAL. If you have any questions, or would like to provide feedback, you can contact us by the means listed below.Collecting Information from youFrom our site all visitors can contact us, provide feedback and
inquire about our consulting services. The company and personal information collected for this purpose includes name, address, email address, telephone number, fax number, and any feedback or other information you have decided to provide.
We do not collect or store passwords or payment details.
How we use the informationAny information collected by BAL will be treated as confidential. We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your request about our intellectual property and consulting services.
We caution you not to provide any confidential information via the external
facing web-site as emphasized by legal.We may also use pooled information obtained from BAL visitors to study statistical results and produce summary reports but they will not disclose personally identifiable information.DisclosureBAL will not disclose any of your personal information, except where it has your consent or when required or in circumstances permitted by law, for example, in response to a court order or in circumstances provided for in the Privacy Act.Accessing, updating and amending the information we keep about youIf at any time you want to know exactly what information we hold about you, you are welcome to access your record by emailing us at privacy@bal.com.au. Once you have been properly identified, we will, except in the special circumstances provided for in the Privacy Act, make our file of your personal information available to you. If at any time you wish to change personal information that is inaccurate or out of date, please also contact us by emailing privacy@bal.com.au and we will amend the record. Storing and securing your information.BAL will take reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is kept secure, accurate and up to date. BAL will also take reasonable steps to protect your personal data from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. Your information is stored on secure servers and BAL has developed and implemented a policy in relation to the management of personal information. Contact usIf you have questions about our privacy policy and practices, or would like to provide feedback, please email privacy@bal.com.au.Justice: To seek it, one must be willing to give up the right to privacy, as nothing more private will become more public.                                                                                             Brian K. Blackden