http://www.mbdc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://mbdc.com/ and MBDC and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to MBDC include https://mbdc.com/ and MBDC. The MBDC website is a Company Information site. By using the MBDC website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal InformationIn order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, MBDC may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
– First and Last Name– Mailing Address– E-mail Address– Phone Number
If you purchase MBDC’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal InformationMBDC collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
MBDC may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from MBDC and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third PartiesMBDC does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
MBDC may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to MBDC, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
MBDC may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on MBDC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of MBDC; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of MBDC, or the public.
Tracking User BehaviorMBDC may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within MBDC, in order to determine what MBDC services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within MBDC to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected InformationInformation about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by MBDC. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the MBDC website.
Use of CookiesThe MBDC website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize MBDC pages, or register with MBDC site or services, a cookie helps MBDC to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same MBDC website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the MBDC features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the MBDC services or websites you visit.
LinksThis website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal InformationMBDC secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. MBDC uses the following methods for this purpose:
– SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under ThirteenMBDC does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail CommunicationsFrom time to time, MBDC may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from MBDC or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from MBDC, you may opt out of such communications by Unsubscribe Link and URL.
External Data Storage SitesWe may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this StatementMBDC reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact InformationMBDC welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that MBDC has not adhered to this Statement, please contact MBDC at:
MBDC700 East Jefferson StreetCharlottesville ,Virginia 22902
Email Address:info@mbdc.com
Telephone number:434-979-1111
Effective as of August 20, 2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.