http://www.pama.com/privacy.html
home
about us
companies
news
CAREERS
contact us
feedback
THE PAMA GROUP
Pama Group
FONE BITZ
This jQuery slider was created with the free EasyRotator software from DWUser.com.
Use WordPress? The free EasyRotator for WordPress plugin lets you create beautiful WordPress sliders in seconds.
OK
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy and make your experience when dealing with us as professional as possible. As required by the GDPR we follow strict procedures to protect personally identifiable information about our clients.
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of limited information by Pama Group, as described here.
If you choose to provide us with any personally identifiable information, for example through an email, online form or on the phone with a member of staff, we will not give, sell, rent or lease that information to any other company. Unless we have your permission, or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide online with Pama Group employees and/or our business partners and only where strictly necessary.
With your permission we may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to the company, or about new services and special offers we think you’ll find valuable and interesting. If you would like to opt out from receiving such information from us please email us at info@pama.co.uk or click the link at the bottom of our emails. Make sure you let us know your preferences for each email address you have given us.
You have the right to access the limited personal information that we have registered about you. If the information is inaccurate, incomplete or irrelevant you have a right to request that the information is corrected or deleted. Please email us on info@pama.co.uk.
Any changes to this policy will be published here to make sure that you always know how we use personal information on our systems. The latest revision was on 24 May 2018.
Cookies
To learn more about cookies and how they are used click here: cookies
Cookies with the prefix _utm: Stores information used by Google Analytics to track user activity on this site only. We do not track you after you have left, and the cookie only stores anonymous IP information.
Pama.com – ASPSESSIONID: This is generated automatically and isn’t used, as the shopping cart software login is disabled.
None of these cookies are used for advertising purposes. If you do not wish these cookies to be tracked you can
disable them in your browser.
Third Party Cookies
When you visit pama.com you may notice some cookies that aren't related to Pama. If you go on to a web page that contains embedded content, for example from YouTube, you may be sent cookies from these websites. We don't control the setting of these cookies and have no access to the information they collect, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
If you take the opportunity to 'share' Pama.com content with friends through social networks – such as Facebook, Twitter & Google Plus - you may be sent cookies from these websites. We don't control the setting of these cookies and have no access to the information they collect, so please check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Summary
To be clear, Pama Group only collect the minimum information we can to conduct our business, and this information is only shared with trusted business partners in the pursuit of our normal business activity. We value your privacy and will always strive to keep your data as safe as possible.
connect with us
home|
about us|
Companies|
News|
Careers|
contact us
© Pama & Co Ltd. All Trademarks owned & operated by their respective companies. Web Privacy Policy FORMS
INVESTORS IN PEOPLEMinimum Packaging Initiative.