http://www.signatone.com/service/policy.asp
Hours: Mon-Fri 8-5 PST    Tel: (408) 848-2851
Home
Products
All Products
Probe Stations
Hot/Cold Chucks & Temperature Controllers
Micropositioners
Probe Tips & Holders
Microscopes
QuadProII
Accessories
Applications
All Applications
DC/CV Probing
Resistivity Test Equipment
RF Microwave Probing
Thermal Characterization
Photonics
Low Current Analysis
Sales Reps
Events
Request a Quote
Home > Privacy Policy
Signatone Privacy Policy
Keeping customer information secure is a top priority for Signatone. Please read Signatone’s privacy policy below. This policy outlines our views and practices and how they pertain to you as a visitor to Signatone.com. Please check back periodically, as these policies may change. However, our fundamental commitment to protecting visitors’ privacy will not change.
What information does Signatone collect on the Web site?
How is the information used?
Does Signatone share my information?
How secure is my information?
What if I have more questions?
1. What information does Signatone collect on the Web site?
Information You Volunteer. We only collect personal information that you volunteer while using our services. You may always choose not to provide information. (Visitors may access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing personal data.)
Information Collected Automatically. We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.
Signatone does not collect information about you from other sources, e.g., public records or bodies, or private organizations.
2. How does Signatone use the information it collects?
We use the information we collect on the site to enhance your overall experience while visiting the site and to preserve the integrity of our company.
We do not collect or use personal data for any purposes outside of customer service, site administration, and company communication. If we wish to use personal data for any other purpose, we always obtain your consent first.
3. Does Signatone share my information with others?
No. Signatone does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to any outside parties. We value our customers’ privacy and will not jeopardize our relationship with customers by selling their information to solicitors.
4. How secure is my information?
Signatone maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your personal information. We strive to comply with all applicable national laws and global/regional regulatory schemes. We also self-regulate the collection and use of personal data.
Employees who have access to personal data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ personal data and are held to the highest standards of integrity in utilizing, storing or retrieving this data.
5. What if I have more questions?
Send direct inquiries or concerns about our privacy policy to:
Signatone Corporation
393-J Tomkins Court
Gilroy, CA 95020
Telephone: 1-408-848-2851
Fax: 1-408-848-5763
support@signatone.com
©2020 Lucas Signatone Corporation, All Rights Reserved
About Us | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Contact Us