http://www.bettermadepotatochips.com/privacy-policy
Order Now:
1 (800) 332-2394 ext 2
PRIVACY POLICY
Home
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
This is the web site of Better Made Snack Foods https://bettermade.com/
This policy establishes how Better Made Snack Foods will use information gathered about you from your visit to our website. Consistent with our corporate values of honesty, integrity and trust, Better Made Snack Foods is committed to protecting the privacy of personal information. This privacy statement is updated from time to time. You are subject to the latest privacy statement and its policies.
Visitors
Visitors may access Better Made Snack Foods Web site and browse to review the services. Better Made Snack Foods offers without providing personal information.
Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, Better Made Snack Foods implements procedures to safeguard and secure the information that is collected online. Although Better Made Snack Foods will use reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of the information provided, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. Better Made Snack Foods is not liable for disclosure of the information supplied due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
Cookies
This website does not mandate the use cookies on any part of the site. Visitors can use this website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from their web browser.
Collection and Use of Technical Information
We may collect and store general information for statistical purposes. For example, we may count the number of visitors to the different pages of our Web site to help make them more useful to visitors. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our Web site.
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site.
The date and time you access our site.
The pages you visit.
If you visited this Web site from a link on another Web site, the address of that Web site.
In short the technical information will be used only by Better Made Snack Foods, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We do not intentionally share your Personal Information with unauthorized third parties. We may share your Personal Information with third party service providers that, for example provide services in connection with employment applications.
We cannot fully ensure that your private communications and other Personal Information will not be disclosed to third parties. For example, we may be legally obligated to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances (such as pursuant to a subpoena), or third parties may circumvent our security measures to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Additionally, in the unlikely event we need to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, we can, and you authorize us to, disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we believe necessary.
How We Handle Email and ‘Contact Us’ Messages
We may preserve the content of any email or "Contact us" or other electronic message that we receive. Any personal data contained in those messages will only be used or disclosed in ways set out in this Website Privacy Statement. The message content may be monitored by our service providers or our employees for purposes including compliance auditing and maintenance or where email abuse is suspected.
Links
This Website may contain links to the websites of other organizations which may be of interest to you. Linked websites are responsible for their own privacy practices and you should check those websites for their respective privacy statements. Better Made Snack Foods is not responsible for the content of the external Web sites we link to.
Questions
If you have questions about this privacy statement send e-mail to info@bmchips.com
Store
Shop Now
Shopping Cart
Search Our Store
Categories
Chips
Chocolate Covered
Clothing
Gift Sets
Gifts Under 10
Glassware
Misc Snacks
Party Boxes
Popcorn
Pork Rinds
Potato Sticks
Pretzels
Puff Stuff
Rainbow Chips
Seasonal
Special
Tortillas
Wearables & Gifts
Open Small Modal
×
Close