http://www.funcpe.com/about-funcpe/terms-of-service
HomeCourse ListTax-with online materialTax packages--EATax Packages--AFSPAFTR course (for AFSP)Ethics courseTax-with booksAccounting & auditingManagement & other courses- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Course list-complete listNewest coursesCPE course booksBooks used for book coursesAbout UsSite mapAbout FunCPEAICPA CPE Direct ReviewContact UsTestimonialsUnusual Eraser GuaranteesR.I.P.CPE AcceptanceAFSP / Tax PreparersAFSP Sponsor InfoAFSP Sponsor ReportingAFSP Who is exempt?AFSP CE RequirementsAFSP Exempt PackageAFSP Non-exempt PackageAFSP FAQsAFSP Record of CompletionAFSP Representation rightsRTRP Program discontinuedAFSP Tip videos#1: Is AFSP required?#2: Cost of AFSP#3: What is the AFSP?CPAEAEA Sponsor ReportingEA CE Tax PackagesEA AFSP programEA PTIN accountEA-what courses to take?EA 6 Mistakes to avoid#1 Provider not authorized#2 Subject not approved#3 Course format not acceptable#4 CE taken in wrong time period#5 Courses not reported to IRS#6 EA fails to review PTIN accountEA CE auditEA OverviewEA Ethics CoursesEA Sponsor InfoEA CPE RequirementsEA Renewal ProcessEA-Renewal form 8554EA Renewal ProblemsEA Initial Enrollment CycleEA Contact InformationEA Inactive StatusAll ProfessionalsHelpFAQsHow to take a courseForgot password/User IDCertificate copiesSitemapStudent Login
Search ...
You are here: Home
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Print
The gist:
We (the folks at FunCPE) run a Website called FunCPE.com and would love for you to take our courses. Our site is designed to provide interesting, useful and occasionally entertaining continuing professional education (CPE) to financial professionals.
Terms of Service:
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the FunCPE.com Website and all content, services and products available at or through the Website, including, but not limited to the CPE courses listed on the Website. . The Website is owned and operated by FunCPE. The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, FunCPE’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by FunCPE (collectively, the “Agreement”). Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the Website, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by FunCPE, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.
1. Your FunCPE.com Account. If you create an account with FunCPE, you are asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition for your use of this site that all the information you provide will be correct, current and complete. If FunCPE believes the information you provide is not correct, current or complete, FunCPE has the right to refuse you access to this site or any of its resources, and to terminate or suspend your access at any time.
2. Security. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user ID and password for your FunCPE account. You must immediately notify FunCPE of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. FunCPE will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
3. Restrictions On Use. You may use this site for purposes expressly permitted by this site. You may not use this site for any other purpose, including any commercial purpose, without FunCPE’s express prior written consent. For example, you may not frame, co-brand or similarly display any FunCPE content or property, including, without limitation, the Website. For purposes of these Terms of Service, "co-branding" means to display a name, logo, trademark, or other means of attribution or identification of any party in such a manner as is reasonably likely to give a user the impression that such other party has the right to display, publish, or distribute this site or content accessible within this site.
4. Submissions. You hereby grant to FunCPE the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display all content, remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or other information communicated to FunCPE through this site (together, the "Submission"), and to incorporate any Submission in other works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed. FunCPE will not be required to treat any Submission as confidential, and may use any Submission in its business (including without limitation, for products or advertising) without incurring any liability for royalties or any other consideration of any kind, and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in future FunCPE operations. FunCPE will treat any personal information that you submit through this site in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
5. Refund policy. FunCPE courses can be returned for any reason (or for no reason at all) for ninety (90) days from date of purchase in accordance with our satisfaction guarantee. Refund requests can be made by phone, fax or email. If you have completed the course at the time of the refund request, the certificate of completion will be voided in our system and you will not be able to receive CPE credit for the course.
6. Responsibility of Website Visitors. By operating the Website, FunCPE does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. FunCPE disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
7. Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from FunCPE to you any FunCPE or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with FunCPE. FunCPE, FunCPE.com, the FunCPE logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with FunCPE.com, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of FunCPE. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any FunCPE or third-party trademarks.
8. Changes. FunCPE reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. FunCPE may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website. Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
9. Termination. FunCPE may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your FunCPE.com account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
10. Disclaimer of Warranties. You understand that FunCPE cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the Internet will be free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that may manifest contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to this site for the reconstruction of any lost data. FunCPE does not assume any responsibility or risk for your use of the Internet. The Website is not necessarily complete and up-to-date and should not be used to replace any written reports, statements, or notices provided by FunCPE. All persons should use the Website in the same manner as any other educational medium and should not rely on the Website to the exclusion of their own professional judgment. Information obtained by using this site is not exhaustive and does not cover all issues, topics or facts that may be relevant to your goals.
YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. FunCPE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. FunCPE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS OR CONTENT CONTAINED IN THIS SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. FunCPE DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING USE, OR THE RESULT OF USE, OF THE CONTENT IN TERMS OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THE CONTENT MAY INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, AND FunCPE MAY MAKE CHANGES OR IMPROVEMENTS AT ANY TIME. YOU, AND NOT FunCPE, ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION IN THE EVENT OF ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENT. FunCPE MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE CONTENT WILL NOT INFRINGE THE RIGHTS OF OTHERS AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN SUCH CONTENT.
All of the information in this site, whether historical in nature or forward-looking, speaks only as of the date the information is posted on this site, and FunCPE does not undertake any obligation to update such information after it is posted or to remove such information from this site if it is not, or is no longer, accurate or complete.
11. Limitation of Liability. In no event will FunCPE, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement or substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to FunCPE under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. FunCPE shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
12. General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the FunCPE Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
13. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless FunCPE, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
14. Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between FunCPE and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of FunCPE, or by the posting by FunCPE of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of Texas, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in Harris County, Texas. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; FunCPE may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Change log:
No changes to-date.
Humor
CPE Course List
Tax--with online materials
Tax--using books
Tax packages--EA
Ethics--with online materials
Accounting & auditing courses
Management & other courses
Tax packages--AFSP
Tax--AFSP refresher (AFTR)
_____________________________
Why not take Fun CPE?
Click here to print course list
Become a smarter, richer accountant
in just 10 minutes when you read
The Thrifty Accountant Newsletter
When we run across something that will help you save money--or make your work easier, we put it in our monthly newsletter.
Sign up now, it's FREE!
Privacy Policy: We will never share your email address. Period. You are free to cancel at any time.
Need help?
Check FAQs
How to take course
Forgot ID/Password
Contact us
CPE Courses
Select your courses
Print course list/order form
View instructions
Order CPE courses with books included
Course evaluation
Check CPE Acceptance
CPAs-verify state acceptance
List of other professionals
EAs-view IRS approved sponsor info
AFSP/Tax Preparers-IRS approved
Past Issues
The Thrifty Accountant
Are you stuck?
If you need any help, please don't hesitate to ask. Call 877-738-6273 or This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.!
It's better to ask a "silly question" than to get stuck for hours going round in circles.
Does anything bug you?
Does anything on our website bug you? Nothing is too small or too big.
If there is something we can fix, we'd love to know. This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Copyright © 2020 FunCPE.  All rights reserved. FunCPE and Fun CPE are registered trademarks of FunCPE.
Contact Us : : Terms of Service : : Privacy policy : : Our Guaranteewww.funcpe.com | 38 Pleasant Bend Drive | Spring, TX 77382 | Phone: 877-738-6273 (toll free)