http://www.henristudio.com/privacy-policy/
Henri Studio
ABOUT US
Products
Fountains
Birding
Planters and Urns
Outdoor Gatherings
Statuary
College Mascots
Brass Baron
NEWS
Where to Buy
CONTACT US
FAQ
Parts/accessories
Henri Studio Privacy Policy
Privacy Policies
Protection of Your Personal Information
We know that your privacy is important to you. Protecting your personal information on the Internet is of serious concern to Henri Studio. The following policies describe how we will and will not use the information you entrust to us. These policies may be revised from time to time and without prior notice.
This website is owned and operated by Henri Studio. In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are. We do not require site visitors to register or provide any personal information to view our site. We do not collect any information that can be traced to a specific individual unless he or she voluntarily and knowingly provides this information to us.
We do collect the domain names (not e-mail addresses) of all visitors to measure the number of visits, pages visited, average time spent on the site, etc. We use these statistics and share them with third parties to improve our Web site design and content. We also collect the e-mail addresses of those who send us e-mail messages to enable us to respond to your inquiries.
We will not disclose any of your personal information except when we have your express permission or under special circumstances or when the law requires it. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose other than responding to the message you have sent.
When you are asked for personal information, you are agreeing to share that information with Henri Studio and its affiliates. When we request your personal information (name, address, phone number, credit card information, etc.) we will let you know at the time of collection how this information will be used. Henri Studio will not disclose any information you provide, except that we may do so to: 1) ship an order and confirm delivery 2) resolve technical problems or customer service 3) as required by law 4) to comply with a court order or other legal process 5) to protect the rights and properties of Henri Studio 6) bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury or interference with Henri Studio.
Security of Credit Card Information
When you order products or services from Henri Studio, we will use reputable companies to verify and validate the credit card information you provide before we will fill your order. Your order may be delayed as a result of this verification process. Please note that your transaction may be canceled if we reasonably determine that the order information you have provided to us in incorrect or fraudulent. Henri Studio will fully cooperate with law enforcement and other governmental agencies to identify those individuals who use this site for fraudulent or other illegal activities.
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, but we will do our best to ensure the security of your information on our systems. Although we strive to protect your information, Henri Studio cannot ensure or warranty the security of any information you transmit to us.
We protect credit card transactions with a technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). If your browser is capable of SSL, your sensitive information will automatically be encrypted before being sent over the Internet. We do not store your credit card or ordering information on our Internet server to provide an additional level of protection. If someone steals your credit card information, under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your credit card company cannot make you pay more than $50 of the fraudulent charges (this limitation applies only to credit cards, not debit cards).
“Cookie” Technology Usage
A “cookie” is a small piece of information that our web site can send to your browser, which can then be stored on your computer’s hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide specific features to you when visiting our web site. You may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a “cookie”. Should you decide not to accept “cookies” from us, you may limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our site.
Links to Other Websites
Our web site may contain links to the sites of our business partners, vendors, and affiliates. We do not provide any of your information to these third parties without your consent. The inclusion of any web link does not imply Henri Studio’s endorsement of any other company, its site, or the products and services it may offer. Henri Studio is not responsible for the content, privacy, or security practices of any other web site.
Children
We believe that it is important to protect children’s privacy online (minors younger than 16). We do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children. We do not knowingly allow children to communicate with us online or to use any of our web site features.
Your Consent and Submission
By using this web site, you consent to our policies and accept the terms and conditions described in the following sections. You agree that any comments submitted by you to the site will not violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, or other personal or property rights. You further agree that any comments submitted by you to the site will not be or not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive, or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any comments you submit.
Any comments, suggestions, ideas, or other communications submitted by you shall become and remain the exclusive property of Henri Studio. We will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction, and without compensating you in any way. Please do not send any comments or materials that you do not wish to assign to us.
Terms of Use
Use of This Web Site and Enforcement of the Terms and Conditions
The following basic rules and policies govern the use of our web site (the “Agreement”). Your use of our web site constitutes your acceptance and agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. Since Henri Studio may revise this Agreement at any time, you should visit this page periodically to review the terms of your usage.
Henri Studio aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. Nothing on this site should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the site without the prior written permission of the trademark owner.
Use of this site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give full effect to all provisions of this agreement, including the warranty disclaimers and liability exclusions below. Henri Studio has endeavored to comply with all legal requirements known to it in creating and maintaining this site, but makes no representation that the materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdictions.
You agree that Henri Studio may at any time and without notice change the terms, conditions, and notices under which this site is offered. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Henri Studio as a result of this agreement or your use of this site. This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Henri Studio with respect to this site. This agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications with respect to this site.
General Terms and Conditions of the Agreement
Henri Studio grants you permission to view this site and to print pages in their entirety from this site for your own personal use, provided that you agree to accept without modification the notices, terms, and conditions set forth in this agreement. No right, title, or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying.
You may not modify, distribute, reproduce, transfer, create derivative works, or sell any information, products, or services from this site. In addition, you represent and warrant to Henri Studio that you will not use this site for any purpose that is unlawful, immoral, or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. If you do not agree and accept without modification the terms and conditions set forth herein, please suspend your use of this web site.
Copyrights and Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks, and logos (collectively the “trademarks”) used and displayed on this site are registered and unregistered trademarks of Henri Studio and others. All materials, including text, graphic images, compilations, designs, icons, illustrations, photographs, video/audio clips, and other documentation contained on this web site, unless otherwise indicated, are the intellectual property of Henri Studio and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
All graphics, logos, names, and other features bearing the symbols tm, SM, or Â¨ are trademarks or registered trademarks of Henri Studio and must not be removed or altered in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Henri Studio. By using this website, you agree to abide by all applicable laws in connection with the intellectual property rights of Henri Studio.
You may download any part of our web site for personal use only, but agree not to republish or redistribute any content, whether in printed or electronic format, to any third party. You may also provide an HTML link to any page of our web site. No part of this website may be used within another web site, without the express written consent of Henri Studio. Other product and company names mentioned in the site may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Products and Colors
The products mentioned in this site may be available in certain stores, however Henri Studio cannot guarantee availability. The colors you see will depend upon your computer monitor, and accuracy cannot be assured.
Errors and Inaccuracies
This web site may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Henri Studio reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you.
Links to Other Websites
This site may contain links to other sites not owned or operated by Henri Studio. Such links are provided for your reference only. Henri Studio is not responsible for their content and does not endorse the material on another site, unless expressly disclosed. Henri Studio’s inclusion of a link does not imply that Henri Studio is authorized to use any trade name,trademark, logo, legal or official seal that may be contained in the linked site.
Equal Opportunity Employer
Henri Studio may make employment information available through this site. Henri Studio is an equal opportunity employer to qualified persons without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, or disability.
Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, and Applicable Law
Henri Studio provides this site on an “as is” and “as available” basis without warranty of any kind, express or implied. Henri Studio makes no representation about the suitability of the materials on this site for any purpose.
Henri Studio specifically disclaims all warranties and conditions of any kind, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. Henri Studio shall not have any liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this site, for your action or inaction in connection with use of this site, or for any damage to your computer or data or any other damage you may incur in connection with this site.
Henri Studio does not represent that the information is accurate, complete, or current or that the web site will operation without interruption or error. Your use of this site is at your own risk. In no event will Henri Studio or any of its agents, employees, officers, directors, vendors, suppliers, or affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of use of this site, the material contained in this site, the delay or inability to use this site, or otherwise arising in connection with this site, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of any such damages. Under no circumstances will Henri Studio be liable for any loss of data, income, or profits as a result of usage of this web site.
Some states do not allow the exclusion of limitation for incidental or consequential damages, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. If any part of this limitation on liability is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the aggregate liability of Henri Studio under such circumstances for liabilities that otherwise would have been limited shall not exceed one hundred ($100) U. S. dollars.
Indemnification and Termination
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Henri Studio harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees, arising from or related to your use of this site. These terms are effective unless and until terminated by either you or Henri Studio.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy policies or legal notices, please click here to contact us.