https://www.elba-cookers.com/cookie-policy/
+39 0423 9121 info@elba-cookers.it
MADE IN ITALY SINCE 1950
Home / Cookie Policy
Cookies Policy
ELBA’ s website uses cookies to provide you with personalized access and to enhance your visit assuring the maximum accuracy of our service. By using ELBA’s website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
About cookiesCookies consist of pieces of text files, often including unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and to identify users returning to a website. Cookies facilitate your navigation and provide secure connections.Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies on this websiteELBA uses session and persistent cookies on this website.
How we use cookiesCookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.ELBA may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
to recognise your computer when you visit our website;to track you as you navigate our website, and to enable the use of the shopping cart in case you are entering in our web stores;to improve the website’s usability;to analyse the use of our website;in the administration of this website;
Third party cookies
When you use ELBA’s website, you may also be sent third party cookies.In addition, ELBA uses Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers.The information generated relating to ELBA’ s  website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’ s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Blocking cookiesMost browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector;in Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, and un- checking “Accept cookies from sites” in the “Privacy” box.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on this website.
Deleting cookiesYou can also delete cookies already stored on your computer:
in Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835);in Firefox, you can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you “clear private data” (this setting can be changed by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Settings” in the “Private Data” box) and then clicking “Clear private data” in the “Tools” menu.
Obviously, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Contact usThis website is owned by Fisher&Paykel Appliances Italy S.p.A.If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email or by post.Fisher & Paykel Appliances Italy S.p.A.Via Fabbian Matteo, 731030 Borso del Grappa (TV), ItaliaPHONE+39 0423 9121FAX+39 0423 912440info@elba-cookers.it
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks