http://www.imfpubs.com/privacy
Home » User Agreement & Privacy Policy
Email
Tweet
User Agreement & Privacy Policy
Inside Mortgage Finance Publications, Inc. User Agreement &
Subscriber Agreement and Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND POLICY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. BY USING INSIDEMORTGAGEFINANCE.COM, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO THE INSIDE MORTGAGE FINANCE USER AGREEMENT AND PRIVACY POLICY.
Insidemortgagefinance.com SERVICE USER AGREEMENT
Copyright © 2019 by Inside Mortgage Finance Publications, Inc.
Welcome to Insidemortgagefinance.com. By using this website, you agree to be bound by all of the terms of this User Agreement and Privacy Policy. Inside Mortgage Finance Publications reserves the right to change the terms of this User Agreement or to modify any features of Insidemortgagefinance.com at any time. By using Insidemortgagefinance.com, you agree to be bound by such changes.
Insidemortgagefinance.com is protected by copyright laws of the United States and other countries. All individual articles, content and other elements comprising this website are also copyrighted works. You must abide by all additional copyright notices or restrictions contained in Insidemortgagefinance.com.
You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, enter into a database, display, perform, modify, create derivative works, transmit or in any way exploit any content resident on insidemortgagefinance.com, except that you may make one print copy. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you may not distribute any content from Insidemortgagefinance.com over any network, including a local area network, nor sell or offer it for sale. In addition, these files may not be used to construct any kind of database.
Subscribers who receive email newsletter delivery: You are allowed to print only one paper copy of the electronic version of IMF publications for your personal use. You may not make a single electronic subscription available on a network (without obtaining a corporate site license) because that would provide individual copies to all network users. You may not forward the electronic version of the newsletter via email.
Subscribers who obtain access to online archives: The online archive is for your personal use only. Use of your username and password by other individuals violates copyright and other laws and could result in damages of up to $150,000 per infringement. The archive information may not be emailed, posted internally or externally, copied, clipped or downloaded. The archive information may not be used in any printed materials not authorized by Inside Mortgage Finance Publications, Inc. Note that there will not be a subscription refund after you access archives.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Inside Mortgage Finance Publications, its officers, managers, employees, affiliates, agents and licensors from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of this User Agreement or the Inside Mortgage Finance Publications Privacy Policy.
Insidemortgagefinance.com is available "as is." We do not warrant that this website will be error-free. There may be omissions, interruptions and inaccuracies in the news, information and other materials available through this website. We do not make any representations, nor do we endorse the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other material displayed, uploaded or distributed through Insidemortgagefinance.com or links in this website. We reserve the right to correct any errors or omissions in site. Although we intend to take reasonable steps to prevent the introduction of viruses or other destructive materials that may be downloaded from this website or links present on this website, we do not guarantee or warrant that this website or materials that can be downloaded from this website do not contain such destructive features. We are not liable for any damages or harm attributable to such features. If you rely on the information or content resident on this website, you do so only at your own risk.
Inside Mortgage Finance, and its officers, managers, employees, affiliates, agents or licensors are not liable for incidental, indirect, consequential, special, punitive, or exemplary damages of any kind, including lost revenues or profits, loss of business or loss of data, in any way related to Insidemortgagefinance.com or for any claim, loss or injury based on errors, omissions, interruptions or any other inaccuracies on this website. Any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of this service.
This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Maryland.
PRIVACY POLICY
OVERVIEW
Inside Mortgage Finance Publications, Inc. has created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, your subscription, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact Inside Mortgage Finance, 7910 Woodmont Ave., Suite 1000, Bethesda, MD 20814, at (301) 951-1240 or (800) 570-5744, or email our customer service.
COLLECTION AND RETENTION OF INFORMATION BY INSIDE MORTGAGE FINANCE
Inside Mortgage Finance Publications may require that you provide certain identifying information (“personally identifiable information”) such as name, address, telephone number and email address to gain access to one of our products or services or to enhance your experience on our site. By providing this information, you are granting Inside Mortgage Finance the permission to use or share your information unless you specifically opt out as provided below.
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
In accordance with the terms stated in this privacy policy, Inside Mortgage Finance may from time to time use information collected from its customers and/or website users for the following:
Informational, marketing and promotional purposes on behalf of Inside Mortgage Finance’s products and services, Inside Mortgage Finance’s partners and third parties, including such benefits as any future free services, informing you of service enhancements or promotional items;
To disclose that information to third parties when we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Inside Mortgage Finance’s rights or property, other members or users of Insidemortagefinance.com or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities; and
To disclose that information to third parties when we believe in good faith that the disclosure is required by law or a court of competent jurisdiction.
ANONYMOUS INFORMATION
Inside Mortgage Finance may also gather anonymous information that may be used by the company or shared with third parties. This information does not personally identify you but may be helpful for improving the services we offer. Generally, this information is collected through traffic data.
We collect only the IP address, which sometimes can be converted to a domain name, but not the email address of visitors to our web page; aggregate information on what consumers access or visit; and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
SALE OF ASSETS
As Inside Mortgage Finance continues to develop its business, we may sell or buy other businesses or assets. A buyer or successor will have access to information collected on our website, as this is considered a transferable business asset.
OPTING OUT
From time to time, Inside Mortgage Finance and other mailers (through list rental or exchange agreements with Inside Mortgage Finance) will send you email newsletters, product announcements, surveys or other information via email, direct mail or telephone. If you prefer not to receive any or all of these communications, you may opt out by following the directions provided within the email newsletters and product announcements or by contacting our customer service department toll-free (800) 570-5744 or (301) 951-1240, or by emailing customer service.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Throughout the site, we mention organizations, products, and services that might interest users. This does not signify our endorsement of them. The fact that a certain organization, product, or service is not listed on our site may mean that we are not aware of its existence.
CHILDREN
Insidemortgagefinance.com is not directed to individuals younger than 18 years of age, and Inside Mortgage Finance does not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from such individuals.
SECURITY
We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address or phone number. We use industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information, such as firewalls and secure socket layers where appropriate. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the internet.
Although your privacy is very important to us, due to the existing legal, regulatory and security environment, we cannot fully ensure that your private communications and other personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to third parties. Third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Additionally, in the unlikely event we need to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, we can disclose (and you authorize us to do so) any information about you to private entities, law enforcement or other government officials, as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
Inside Mortgage Finance reserves the right to change or update this privacy policy at any time with reasonable notice to the users of the site. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to the site. A "user" is a person who visits any portion of the website, and a "person" (you) means an individual, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an estate, an unincorporated organization or any other entity, or a government or any department or agency thereof.
WHOM TO CONTACT
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact Inside Mortgage Finance’s Customer Service Department by telephone at (301) 951-1240 or email customer service.
Latest Imf News
SCOTUS Hears Oral Arguments in GSE Case, Breyer Cites ‘Nationalization’
Agency Jumbo Booms in 3Q20, Nonconforming Not So Much
The Mortgage Hiring Binge Continues
Freddie Preps CRT Deal Following New Capital Requirements
More Imf News
Featured Data
GSEs Lift Agency MBS to Another Monthly Record
First-Timers Lose Ground in 3Q20 Purchase-Loan Market
Banks and Thrifts Lead FHLB Advances Down in 3Q
GSE Buybacks Edge Up in 3Q20, Blame Freddie
More Featured Data
Featured Reports
Agency Seller-Issuer Profile: 3Q20 (PDF)
Agency Channel Analysis: 3Q20 (PDF)
Mortgage Servicing Rights Report: 2Q20 (PDF)
Lender Profiles 2Q20: Top 25 (PDF)
More Latest Reports
Featured PollYear-to-date primary market originations volume stood at $2.79 trillion through 9M20. With one quarter left to go, do you think 2020 will beat 2003’s record of $3.725 trillion in first-lien originations?Yes, but just barely.No. 2003’s record is safe.Yes, by far! 2020 will blow 2003 away.View ResultsAboutAbout Inside Mortgage FinanceContact UsAdvertisingPrivacy PolicyArticle Reprints/Web PostingsCopyright FAQCustomer CenterSubscribeRequest a SampleAccount InquiriesChange of AddressChange of Delivery MethodData LicensingPassword ReminderGroup SubscriptionsRefundsRenew Your SubscriptionMortgage DataOriginationServicing and PortfoliosMortgage InsuranceSecuritizationAgency MBS ActivityNon-Agency MBS ActivityMBS Investor ActivityABS ActivityCommercial MBS ActivityFunding ActivityEarnings and FinancialsRegulatory DataMortgage Rates and TermsSubscribe to DataLender ProfilesHMDA DashboardContacts DirectoryCustom DataData LicensingReportsData ReportsIndustry StudiesRegulatory ReportsStatistical AnnualFree Reports© Copyright 2020 Inside Mortgage Finance PublicationsDesign, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing