https://www.select-your-gift.com/privacy-policy
Call Today 630-954-1287
Home
Products & Services
Employee Service Awards
Service Awards - Overview
Service Awards - Details & Prices
Customizing Covers Certificates
Enhanced Presentations
Service Awards Guide - Online Ver.
Service Awards Guide - Download eBook
How to Order SERVICE AWARDS
Employee Recognition
Recognition Guide for Today!
Recognition Programs - Ideas
Service Anniversary Recognition
Safety Recognition
Sales Recognition
Spot Recognition
Employee Suggestion Program
NURSE Appreciation Week
Thanking Staff during COVID 19
Employee of the Month
Point-Based Recognition
Online Points-Based Solution
Lowest Cost Points Program
SPOT Awards
Spot Recognition Overview
Spot Awards - Details, Pricing
Spot Award Themed packets
Sales Incentive & Recognition
Sales Incentive Ideas
Sales Recognition AWARDS
Sales Contest Design Ideas
Sales Contest Planning
Sales Contest Guide to Success
Holiday Gifts
Employee Christmas Gifts
Holiday Covers & Options
Holiday Gift Video-Overview
How to Order Holiday Gifts
Gifts for Clients / Customers
Gifts for All Occasions
Employee Gift-of-Choice Awards
Gift Catalogs - Details, Prices
Gift Catalog Awards - Customization Options
Order Gift-Catalog Award Packets
Thank Your Staff during Covid 19
NURSE Appreciation Week & Gifts
Resources
How to Order SERVICE AWARDS
How to Order Holiday Gifts
How to Order Gift-of-Choice Award Packets
BLOG Articles
Announcing Launch of Redesigned Site
Download Order Form
About us
Contact us
Select Your GiftPrivacy Policy
Select-Your-Gift Employee Recognition Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This statement of privacy applies to www.select-your-gift.com and Select-Your-Gift Employee Recognition and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this privacy policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Select-Your-Gift include www.select-your-gift.com and Select-Your-Gift Employee Recognition. By using the Select-Your-Gift website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
This Policy Notice applies only to the information collected by Select-Your-Gift from the users of our online web site. It does not apply to information collected by Select-Your-Gift in any other way, including offline.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with the products and services offered on our web site, Select-Your-Gift may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and Last Name Mailing Address E-Mail Address Phone Number Company Name Job Title
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provided to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to request information from us, using the forms available on the site. We will use the information provided to communicate with you in relation to the products and services you have requested from us.
Use of your Personal Information
Select-Your-Gift collects and uses the personal information you provided to operate the website and deliver the services you have requested.
Select-Your-Gift may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of products and services available to you from Select-Your-Gift.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Select-Your-Gift does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Select-Your-Gift may share data with our trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or Postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such 3rd parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Select-Your-Gift may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Select-Your-Gift or the site; (b)protect and defend the rights or property of Select-Your-Gift; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Select-Your-Gift, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Select-Your-Gift. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Select-Your-Gift website.
Use of Cookies
The Select-Your-Gift website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenient feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you requested information from Select-Your-Gift for their services, a cookie helps Select-Your-Gift recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as your email address, shipping address, company name, and so on. When you return to the same Select-Your-Gift website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so that you can easily use the Select-Your-Gift features.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Select-Your-Gift website.
Security of your Personal Information
Select-Your-Gift secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Select-Your-Gift uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Protocol for this purpose.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this site cannot be guaranteed.
Children under Thirteen
Select-Your-Gift does not knowingly collect personable in personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-Mail Communications
From time to time, Select-Your-Gift may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, alerts, confirmations, or other general communications. In order to improve our services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Select-Your-Gift or click on a link contained therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from select your gift, you may opt out of such communications by clicking an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each of our marketing emails.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by 3rd party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Select-Your-Gift gift reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the site and or services available through this site after such modifications will constitute your acknowledgement of the modified privacy policy and agreement to abide and be bound by that policy.
Contact Information
Select-Your-Gift welcomes your questions or concerns about this Statement of Privacy, or any of our Employee Recognition and Award Programs.
Select-Your-Gift, Inc. 2717 York Rd. Oak Brook,  IL  60523 630-954-1287
Or use the form below
Send MeMore Information
Use this form to request a free information package, sent via UPS. It will include:
*  Sample Employee Award Presentation Packet*  Sample Gift-of-Choice Award Catalogs*  How to tailor your Presentation packets*  Pricing, order forms, and how to get started.
Home
Privacy Policy
BLOG
Products & Services
Employee Recognition
Employee Recognition Overview
Service Recognition
Safety Recognition
Sales Recognition
Spot Recognition
Suggestion Program
Employee of the Month
Recognition Guide for Today!
Points Based Recognition
Lowest Cost off-line Option
Full Function Online Solution
Employee Service Awards
Program Overview
Program Details & Pricing
Customizing Award Packets
Enhanced Presentation Options
How to Order Service Awards
Service Awards Manager's Guide
Sales Incentive
Incentive & Recognition Programs
Sales Recognition AWARDS
Sales Contest Design
Sales Contest Planning
Ideas to Motivate Sales
Holiday Gifts
Holiday Gift Packets - Overview
Holiday Gifts - Video
Holiday Covers & Seal Options
How to Order Holiday Gifts
Gifts for Clients / Customers
Gifts for All Occasions
Gift of Choice Packets
Details and Package Levels
Customization Options
How to Order Gift Packets
Gift Catalog Packets - Overview
Resources
How to Order
How to Order Gift Catalogs
Download - Order Form PDF
Download - Credit Card Form PDF
Download - Credit Application
Blog Articles
Employee Engagement Ideas
Incentives vs Recognition
Incentive Programs - Starting
Employee Performance Tips
Hiring the Best Employees
Thanking Employees
Company
Home
About Select-Your-Gift
Contact Us
Site Map
Select-Your-Gift makes Employee Recognition Easy for all organizations, with solutions that include: Gift-of-Choice catalog packets for Service Awards, Spot Recognition, and Employee or Client Holiday Gifts. Even Virtual Gift Giving solutions for REMOTE employees.  For a Points Based solution we offer a comprehensive software platform that helps manage all your recognition programs.  We will help you with creative ways to recognize and reward your team for: special accomplishments, spot awards, service awards, retirement, Christmas gifts, and others to motivate your staff to higher performance and engagement levels. Select-Your-Gift makes it easy. Contact us today to get started.
© 2020 - Select-Your-Gift™ , SYG® and SYG-Awards™ are Trademarks of Select-Your-Gift, Inc.