http://www.dremel.com/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Robert Bosch Tool Corporation, which manufactures and sells power tools, 3D printers, laser engravers, accessories and other products under the Dremel® brand (“Dremel”, “we”, “us” or “our”), has set out below some important highlights of the Privacy Policy for our Dremel.com, Shop.Dremel.com, and DigiLab.Dremel.com websites (“Dremel Websites”). You can obtain more information about how we collect, use, disclose and safeguard your personal information by reviewing our full Privacy Policy below.
What personal information do we collect?
We collect various types of information about our users in connection with the services or products provided through the Dremel Websites (collectively, the “Services”), including:
Information we collect directly from you (i.e., when given by you);
Information we collect indirectly from you (i.e., collected when you use the Dremel Websites or Services); and
Information we obtain from third-party sources.
We also may collect information in ways that we describe to you at the point of collection or otherwise with your consent.
Why do we collect personal information and how is it used?
Fulfilling or meeting the reason you provided the information.
Technical administration of Dremel and Dremel affiliate websites, mobile applications and/or services.
Maintaining the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
Customer, vendor, licensor and/or supplier administration, review and/or reports.
Administering, maintaining, personalizing and improving Dremel and Dremel affiliates’ mobile applications, products and services, including, without limitation, to authenticate users, process payments, provide requested services, provide optional additional services and to develop new features, products and/or services.
Providing customer service.
Responding to submitted inquiries and customer service requests and other questions and/or comments.
For the U.S., this data may be used for marketing and analytic purposes.
Compliance with legal and/or regulatory requirements.
Evaluating or conducting a merger, sale of assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of any Dremel business, asset or opportunity by, with or into another business, entity or company.
Dremel will not collect or use personal information for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you notice (or obtaining your consent, where required by applicable laws in the relevant jurisdiction).
Is personal information shared or disclosed?
Dremel may share your information with:
Dremel affiliated entities,
service providers, vendors, consultants, suppliers, licensors, marketing, partners and other partners and entities performing work on Dremel’s behalf, as follows:
relevant authorities in accordance with, and as Dremel deems required, necessary and/or appropriate by, or in connection with, applicable law, regulation, court order or legal process.
What are the risks?
We may transfer your personal information to countries other than the country where you reside, including to affiliates and service providers. Therefore, your information may be accessible to courts, law enforcement and national authorities in such other countries. You can obtain information about Dremel’s policies and practices with respect to foreign service providers, or ask questions about the collection, use, disclosure or storage of personal information by such service providers, by contacting our Privacy Policy Administrator as described in the Privacy Policy.
Dremel security measures are being continuously improved in accordance with the state of technological developments, however, absolute protection is not possible.  However, we cannot guarantee the security of information posted or transmitted using the Dremel Websites.
What else should you know?
Your personal information will be stored in the US and accessible to authorized Dremel personnel, as well as authorized personnel of those parties with whom Dremel shares your personal information as described in the Privacy Policy.
You may contact our Privacy Policy Administrator, as described in the Privacy Policy, with any questions about the collection of your personal information.
In some circumstances, you also may have a right to access, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal data (e.g., pursuant to local law).
Notice to Canadian Users: Please note that by using the Dremel Websites and/or voluntarily providing your personal information to us, as applicable, you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in our Privacy Policy and summarized above.
Dremel Websites Privacy Policy
I. Introduction
Dremel is pleased to have you (“you” or “your”) visit our Dremel Websites and welcomes your interest in the services or products provided through the Dremel Websites (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy (this “Notice”) applies to all users of the Dremel Websites and the Services, anywhere in the United States, Canada, and their respective territories and possessions. Terms capitalized but not defined in this Notice are as defined in the applicable Dremel Websites Terms of Use (the “Terms”).
The protection of your privacy is an important concern to which we pay special attention. We process Personal Information collected during your visit to the Dremel Websites and use of Services in compliance with this Notice and all applicable laws and regulations. Data protection and information security are part of Dremel corporate policy.
Notice to Canadian Users: Please note that by using the Website/Application and/or voluntarily providing your Personal Information to us, as applicable, you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as described in this Notice. If you do not consent to the processing of your Personal Information in accordance with this Notice, please do not access or continue to use the Dremel Website/Application or otherwise provide any Personal Information to us.
II. Scope
This Notice covers our treatment of (1) personally identifiable information, as defined by numerous statutes in the United States ( “PII Laws”), (2) personal information, as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), and (3) personal information, as defined by Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act and any applicable substantially similar provincial legislation (“Canadian Privacy laws”)  (collectively, “Personal Information”) which we gather when you are accessing, viewing, completing, or using this Dremel Websites or our Services.
III. Collection of Personal Information
The Dremel Websites has collected the following Personal Information from users of the Dremel Websites within the last twelve (12) months:
Category and Sources of Information
Examples
How We Use It
How We Share It
Identifiers
We collect this information from our users, customers, and business partners. We also generate identifiers internally.
Real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name.
To enable use of our sites, services, and products, to communicate with you, to understand how our
Users interact with our sites, and to improve our offerings.
We share this data with our service providers and with business partners, including those whom you instruct us to send this information.
Personal Information under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
We collect this information from our users, customers, and business partners
Name, address, telephone number, employment, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information. Some Personal Information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
To enable use of our sites, services, and products, to communicate with you, to understand how our users interact with our sites, to process payments or complete a transaction, and to improve our offerings.
We share this data with our service providers and with business partners, including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
Commercial information
We collect this information from our customers, and generate it internally during transactions with our customers
Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
To transact with you if you use our services or products, and to enable transactions you’ve requested.
We share this data with our service providers and with business partners, including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
Internet or other similar network activity
We collect this information from our users and customers
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
To enable use of our sites, services, and products, to communicate with you, to understand how our users interact with our sites, and to improve our offerings.
We share this data with our service providers and with business partners, including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
Geolocation data
We collect this information from our users and customers
Physical location or movements.
To enable use of our sites, services, and products, to understand how our users interact with our sites, and to improve our offerings.
We share this data with our service providers.
Professional or employment-related information
We collect this information from our users, customers, and business partners
Trade and occupation.
To develop and offer more relevant and useful services and products
We share this data with our service providers and with business partners, including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
Inferences drawn from other Personal Information
We generate these internally
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
To understand how our users interact with our sites, to develop and offer more relevant and useful services and products, and to improve the products and services we offer.
We share this data with our service providers and with business partners, including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
Dremel will continue to collect the Personal Information described above.  If any additional Personal Information is collected by Dremel, we will provide any required notice(s), and where applicable obtain any required consent(s), in accordance with applicable laws in the relevant jurisdiction.
IV. Sources of Personal Information
Dremel collects Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, when given by you or collected from you thorough your access to and/or use of the Dremel Websites and/or the Services, in context of registering an account, subscribing to, initiating or purchasing our Products/Services, posting materials, registering a product, contacting us, requesting a quote or when you contact customer support or otherwise interact or communicate with Dremel, its agents, representatives, suppliers, vendors or consultants through the Dremel Websites. This information may include, without limitation, your name, address, telephone number, employment, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information and any other information you choose to provide us.
Indirectly from you.  For example, from observing your use of the Dremel Websites and/or the Services, or services related thereto.  The following data may be collected automatically: the website from which you visit Dremel (referrer), pages viewed, files downloaded (downloads), individual links clicked, search words or search phrases (site search), duration of visit, browser used, device data (e.g., unique device identifier, MAC address, IP address, serial number, hardware model, network information and operating system and version), and other relevant details and/or information. If the visit is a result of online advertising such as banners, video ads, search engine advertising, etc., Dremel or its agents, representatives, suppliers, vendors or consultants may record which banner, adword, etc. motivated or assisted with the visit to Dremel Websites.
V. Use of Personal Information and Purpose Specification
Dremel may use your Personal Information for the purpose of:
Fulfilling or meeting the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our Services, we will use that Personal Information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your Personal Information to purchase a Service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
Technical administration of Dremel and Dremel affiliate websites, mobile applications and/or services.
Maintaining the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
Customer, vendor, licensor and/or supplier administration, review and/or reports.
Administering, maintaining, personalizing and improving Dremel and Dremel affiliates’ mobile applications, products and services, including, without limitation, to authenticate users, process payments, provide requested services, provide optional additional services and to develop new features, products and/or services.
Providing customer service.
Responding to submitted inquiries and customer service requests and other questions and/or comments.
For the U.S., this data may be used for marketing and analytic purposes.
Compliance with legal and/or regulatory requirements.
Evaluating or conducting a merger, sale of assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of any Dremel business, asset or opportunity by, with or into another business, entity or company.
Dremel will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you notice (or obtaining your consent, where required by applicable laws in the relevant jurisdiction).
VI. Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information
Dremel may use, store, compile, manipulate, share and disclose your Personal Information with third parties for the purposes stated above.  Your Personal Information is shared with the following third parties:
Dremel affiliated entities, including Dremel’s parent company in Germany, Robert Bosch GmbH, to leverage shared services and improve our Services;
Dremel third party service providers, vendors, consultants, suppliers, licensors, marketing, partners and other partners and entities performing work on Dremel’s behalf, such as hosting vendors, advertising service providers, data analytics companies, marketing service companies, list managers and delivery companies. We also may share your information, including your payment information, as appropriate to process your payments for the Services or complete a transaction;
relevant authorities in accordance with, and as Dremel deems required, necessary and/or appropriate by, or in connection with, applicable law, regulation, court order or legal process.
By accessing and/or using the Dremel Websites or the Services, you consent to the above uses and sharing of your Personal Information in accordance with this Notice.
VII. Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information – Past 12 Months
1. Disclosure of Personal Information.  In the preceding twelve (12) months, Dremel has disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose:
a.Identifiers
b.California Customer Records Personal Information categories.
c.Commercial information.
d.Internet or other similar network activity.
e.Geolocation data.
f.Professional or employment-related information.
g.Inferences drawn from other Personal Information.
We disclose your Personal Information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
2. Sales of Personal Information. The use of certain kinds of third-party cookies, such as advertising, analytics or social media cookies, on the Dremel Websites, could be considered a "sale" of your Personal Information for purposes of the CCPA. During the last 12 months, we used advertising, analytics  and social media cookies on the Dremel Websites, which allowed the publisher of such third-party cookies to obtain the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers, and Internet or other similar network activity. For more information on how Bosch uses cookies on the Dremel Websites, see Section XVI (Use of Cookies) below.
VIII. Use of the Third-Party Web Analytics Tools
Dremel may use web analytics tools, such as Google Analytics web analytics tools, to provide us with an analysis of your use of the Dremel Websites, overall use of and traffic on the Dremel Websites and other related services.
Google Analytics, and similar web analytics tools, use cookies that enable an analysis of your use of the Dremel Websites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Dremel Websites (such as when you visited the Dremel Websites, the referrer URL, details on the configuration of your operating system, your browser and your access provider) are generally transmitted to, and stored on, a server of Google located in the U.S.A. You are able to opt out of Google Analytics by downloading and utilizing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, which you can obtain at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Dremel uses any information gathered by such analytics tools to analyze your use of the Dremel Websites, to generate reports on website activities and to perform other Dremel Websites related services to you.  Only authorized persons have access to this anonymized data.
IX. Use of Social Plugins as Part of Social Media
Dremel Websites may use social media plugins (“Plugins”) from social networks like Facebook, Google+ and Twitter (“Social Network”). The Plugins are identified by the respective social media logo or the respective suffix (the “Button”).
If you visit a page on the Dremel Websites that contains Plugins, your browser will establish a direct connection to the Social Network server and load the Button from there, At the same time the Social Network will know that the respective page on the Dremel Websites has been visited. If you click on a Button, you establish a direct connection to the respective Social Network. By clicking the applicable Button you accept and consent to the transmission of your data to the Social Network.  If you are logged into the Social Network, it can also associate your visit to the Dremel Websites to your Social Network account.
If you do not wish your data to be transmitted to the applicable Social Network via the Dremel Websites, ensure that you are not logged into the Social Network before visiting the Dremel Websites, and do not click on any Plugins while on the Dremel Websites.
Our websites may also use the YouTube video platform that enables playback of audio and video files. By visiting such websites, YouTube receives information that you have accessed the corresponding page on the Dremel Websites.  Such data is transmitted to YouTube whether you are logged into a YouTube user account or not.
For information about the scope and purpose of data collection by these social media companies, and your rights and the settings you can configure to protect your privacy, please refer to their respective Privacy Policies.
X. International Data Transfer
Dremel may transfer your Personal Information to Dremel’s parent company in Germany, Robert Bosch GmbH, and/or to any other Dremel affiliates throughout the world, when processing, storing, analyzing and otherwise using data. Dremel may also transfer your data to a third party outside the country of origin. Accordingly, your Personal Information may be accessible to courts, law enforcement and national authorities in countries other than the country in which you reside. You can obtain information about Dremel’s policies and practices with respect to foreign service providers (including affiliates), or ask questions about the collection, use, disclosure or storage of personal information by such service providers, by contacting our Privacy Policy Administrator as described below.
XI. Children’s Privacy
Dremel does not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from online visitors under the age of 16 Dremel does not knowingly allow visitors under the age of 16 to participate in any promotions or contests made available on Dremel Websites from time to time.
XII. California “Shine the Light” Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine The Light” law permits those Dremel customers who are residents of California to annually request a list of their Personal Information (if any) that Dremel disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, and the names and addresses of those third parties. At this time, Dremel currently does not share any Personal Information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.
XIII. Use of Links to Affiliated Sites
The Dremel Websites may contain links to other Dremel sites (“Affiliated Sites”).  The Dremel Websites provides these links only as a convenience. Your use of these Affiliated Sites and any related services are outside the scope of this Notice, and is governed by the Notices and any other terms referred to or located on such Affiliated Sites.
XIV. Use of External Links
The Dremel Websites may contain links to third-party websites or services operated by providers that are not associated with Dremel. After you click the link, Dremel no longer has any influence over the collection, storage, use or processing of any Personal Information transmitted by clicking the link (such as the IP address or URL of the page that contains the link), as the behavior of third parties is, by nature, beyond Dremel control. Therefore, Dremel is not responsible for the collection, storage, use, disclosure or other processing of Personal Information by such third parties. For further clarity, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any such third-party websites or services; please refer to the privacy statements or policies for such third-party websites or services for information about how they collect, use, disclose and protect personal information.
XV. Security
Dremel takes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that your data collected by Dremel through this Dremel Websites is protected against tampering, loss, destruction, access by unauthorized persons or unauthorized disclosure. Dremel security measures are being continuously improved in accordance with the state of technological developments, however, absolute protection is not possible.
When you register with Dremel, you are required to create a username and password. You must not share this access information with anyone else as you are personally responsible for any information transmitted while logged in with your username and password. We disclaim any and all liability for any information transmitted due to an unauthorized log in.
XVI. Use of Cookies
1. Dremel cookies.
Dremel uses cookies and active components (e.g., JavaScript) to track visitors’ preferences and customize the design of the Dremel Websites.
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer or device when you visit a Dremel Websites. If you wish, you can delete the cookies at any time from your web browser. However, this can result in some functions no longer being available. For information on deleting the cookies, please consult your browser‘s help function.
Dremel makes it possible to control the use of cookies. To do so, click the “Privacy settings” link in the footer. This link gives you additional information about the cookies used. In addition, you can configure which cookies you want to use there.
2. Third-party cookies.
Dremel Websites may incorporate content and services from other providers (e.g., YouTube, Facebook, Google, Twitter) who, in turn, may use cookies and active components. Dremel has no influence on the processing of Personal Information by these providers. Please note that the option provided by Dremel to configure settings for cookies used has no effect on cookies and active components from other providers (e.g. YouTube, Facebook, Google, Twitter). Please refer to the respective provider’s websites for information about how your data is handled.
XVII. International Users
This is a U.S. website and service targeted to users in the U.S. and Canada, and the Dremel Websites and Dremel Services are subject to U.S. and Canadian laws, as applicable, including, without limitation, those governing the privacy and security of your information. If you use Dremel Services, you are transferring your information to Dremel in the United States. By using the Dremel Services or providing your information to Dremel through the Services you consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States, and Dremel handling of your information in accordance with applicable U.S. requirements and this Notice. Accordingly, your Personal Information may be accessible to courts, law enforcement and national authorities in the United States. You can obtain information about Dremel’s policies and practices with respect to service providers (including affiliates) outside the country where you reside, or ask questions about the collection, use, disclosure or storage of personal information by such service providers, by contacting our Privacy Policy Administrator as described below.
XVIII. Your Rights Relating to Personal Information Collected by Dremel
Effective January 1, 2020, you have the following rights relating to your Personal Information collected by Dremel.
1. Right to access specific information and data portability rights.  Effective January 1, 2020, you have the right to request that Dremel discloses certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see below, How to Exercise Your Rights), we will disclose to you:
a.The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
b.The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
c.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
d.The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.
e.The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
f.If we sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
i.For “sales”, the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
ii.for disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
2. Deletion Request Rights.  Effective January 1, 2020, you have the right to request that Dremel delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
a.We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
i.Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
ii.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
iii.Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
iv.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
v.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
vi.Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
vii.Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
viii.Comply with a legal obligation.
ix.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
XIX. Your Rights – Canadians
Individuals located in Canada have certain rights pursuant to Canadian Privacy Laws.  Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, and depending upon the jurisdiction where you reside, such rights may include:
The right to withdraw your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information.
The right to be informed of the existence, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information, and to be provided with an account of the use that has been made or is being made of this information as well as the third parties to which it has been disclosed (including a list of organizations to which your information may have disclosed).
The right to challenge the accuracy and completeness of your Personal Information, and have it amended, updated or rectified as appropriate.
The right to acquire information about Dremel’s policies and practices with respect to Personal Information, including: a description of the type of personal information held by Dremel and a general account of its use; a copy of any brochures or other information that explain our policies, standards, or codes; and information about what Personal Information is shared with or accessible to our affiliates.
The right to challenge Dremel’s compliance with the applicable Canadian Privacy Laws.
XX. How to Exercise Your Rights
To exercise your rights, please submit a verifiable consumer request or access request, as applicable, to us by:
Calling us at 1-800-428-6318.
Emailing us at OptOut.PTNA@us.bosch.com.
Click here to submit your request via a webform.
Only you (or in case of a California resident, an authorized agent authorized by you to act on your behalf – see Section XXIII, Authorized Agent below for more information) may make a verifiable consumer request or access request, as applicable related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.  Your verifiable consumer request or access request, as applicable, must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request or access request does not require you to create an account with us, but if you already have an account with us, you may be required to make your request through that account.
We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request or access request, as applicable, to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
XXI. Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request or access request, as applicable, within forty-five (45) days of its receipt, or sooner where required by applicable law (including Canadian Privacy Laws). If we require more time (up 90 days), where permitted by applicable law, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide in response to a verifiable consumer request will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt unless otherwise required by applicable law. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
For data portability requests, where applicable, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request or access request, as applicable, unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
XXII. Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your Personal Information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). Furthermore, where required by applicable law in the relevant jurisdiction, we will obtain your consent prior to selling your Personal Information. We do not sell the Personal Information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to Personal Information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you may submit a request to us by emailing us at:OptOut.PTNA@us.bosch.com with the subject "Do Not Sell My Personal Information".
As noted above, certain kinds of third-party cookies, such as advertising, analytics or social media cookies, on the Dremel Websites could be considered a "sale" of your Personal Information for purposes of the CCPA. In order to opt-out of the “sale” of your information via such cookies, turn off “Advertising,” “Analytics” and “Social Media” cookies in our cookie settings manager available here.
XXIII. Authorized Agent
As a California resident, you may also exercise your request to know or request to delete through an authorized agent.  When you submit your request through an authorized agent we require that you:
Provide us a copy of your written permission for the authorized agent to submit the applicable request; and
Verify your own identity directly with us.
The foregoing does not apply when you have provided your authorized agent with a power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465; provided, that we may require a copy of such power of attorney before fulfilling any request.
XXIV. Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: (a) deny you goods or services; (b) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; (c) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (d) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your Personal Information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
XXV. Filing a Complaint
Regulatory authorities that oversee the privacy laws and regulations, including the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada, advise individuals to file an objection or challenge with the relevant company before lodging a formal complaint with a regulatory authority. If you are dissatisfied with Dremel’s response to an objection or challenge filed under Article XX above, or you if wish to file a complaint with a regulatory authority first, you may do so as follows:
Under PIPEDA: You may file a complaint with the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. Depending upon the province where you live, you may also (or instead) have the right to file a complaint with the applicable provincial privacy commissioner/regulator.
Under PII Laws: You may file a complaint with the relevant state’s Attorney General’s office.
Under the CCPA: You may file a complaint with the California Attorney General’s Office. For additional information regarding consumer complaints against a business/company under the CCPA and to initiate the complaint process, please click on the link.
XXVI. Changes to Notice
Due to the constantly changing nature of Dremel business, Dremel reserves the right to change, update, revise and/or modify this Notice at any time at Dremel’s sole discretion, and Dremel will post any new or revised Notice here. Any such change, update, revision and/or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on this website, unless we are required to provide direct notice or obtain your consent pursuant to applicable laws. Use of information that Dremel gathers now will be subject to the Notice in effect at the time of use. By using or navigating around the Dremel Websites or utilizing any of the Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood and agree to be bound by this Notice and the applicable Terms of Use. If you do not agree to be so bound, do not remain on the Dremel Websites. You are responsible for checking the Dremel Websites frequently to keep apprised of recent changes.
________________________________________________________________________
The effective date of this Notice is 01/01/2020
XXVII. Contact
To obtain more information or to submit suggestions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Information, you can contact the Dremel Privacy Policy Administrator.
If incorrect information has been stored despite Dremel efforts to maintain correct and up-to-date data, Dremel will correct this upon your written request, sent to:
Email: privacy.policy@us.bosch.com
Postal Address:
Robert Bosch LLC
Privacy Policy Administrator
38000 Hills Tech Drive
Farmington Hills, MI 48331
You may also contact as follows:
Phone:  1-800-428-6318
© ROBERT BOSCH TOOL CORPORATION 2016. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.