http://www.wallacehind.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Information about our organisation and website
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organisation like Wallace Hind Selection LLP.
Our principal activity is recruitment and we are based in the UK.
Our privacy policy covers Wallace Hind Selection LLP and its website:
Organisation Name: Wallace Hind Selection LLP
Address: Old Vicarage, 1 Main Road, Duston, Northampton, NN5 6JB
Website: www.wallacehind.com
You can access our website home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
Our website does not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others.
Our website does not include links to third party web service providers.
We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
Data collection and purpose specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services.
The information you provide is used to:
Send you details of our services and relevant vacancies
Provide information to prospective employers
Provide anonymous statistical information on remuneration
By submitting your personal information, you are consenting to it being used and stored on a database by Wallace Hind Selection LLP.
Confidentiality and security
Wallace Hind Selection LLP is committed to protecting your privacy.
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
Unauthorised access
Improper use or disclosure
Unauthorised modification
Unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ personal data.
We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Acceptance of this policy and support
By using our website, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information. You have a legal right to a copy of this information and to correct any errors identified. It is your responsibility to ensure that your personal information is accurate. At all times we endeavour to keep your personal information updated.
If you wish to be removed from our database please inform us by sending an email to mail@wallacehind.com or write to Wallace Hind Selection LLP, The Old Vicarage, 1 Main Road, Duston, Northampton, NN5 6JB
Menu
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you