http://www.bettcher.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Read the Bettcher Privacy Policy to understand how data is being gathered. By using this site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Your Consent
By using this site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
Some areas of this site may ask you to submit personally identifiable information in order for you to benefit­ from the specified features (such as contact us or resume submission). You will be informed what information is required and what information is optional. Bettcher® Industries is not liable for any information you upload, including but not limited to: resume, cover letter, application, portfolio, etc.
Non-Personal Information
We collect certain anonymous and non-personal information when you visit this website. Anonymous and non-personal information does not relate to a single identifiable visitor. This is statistical information regarding visitations to this site. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors. Like many companies, we collect this information through “cookie” technology.
Information We Share
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about our website visitors, except as described here. We may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or ­financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy
This website is not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 via the website. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide personally identifiable information of any kind whatsoever. If a child under the age of 13 provides us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may have this information deleted from our records by contacting us at the information listed below.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our online information practices. Changes will be posted on this page. Please check back periodically, as you agree to the Privacy Policy by using this site.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@bettcher.com.
In order to provide complete functionality, this web site needs your explicit consent to store browser cookies. If you don't allow cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of the web site including but not limited to: log in, buy products, see personalized content, switch between site cultures. It is recommended that you allow all cookies.