https://www.upperquadrant.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
Privacy Policysrakestraw2019-05-27T14:02:48-04:00
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how and when Upper Quadrant, Inc. collects, uses, and shares your information when you use our Services. Upper Quadrant, Inc. receives your information through our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, and commerce services (the “Services” or ” Upper Quadrant” ) and from our partners and other third parties. For example, you send us information when you use Upper Quadrant from our websites, post or receive SMS, or send emails from our applications. By using any of our Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in the policy. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize Upper Quadrant to use your information in the United States and any other country where Upper Quadrant operates.
1. Information Collection and Use
Basic Account Information: When you create an Upper Quadrant account, you provide some personal information, such as your name, username, password, and email address. In some cases, you may be required to provide additional information (such as your phone number, for example) to use the Services. We use your information to provide, monitor, and improve the Services. Although we do not warrant that we will monitor or control content posted by users of the Services, including the personal information you provide, we reserve the right to do so at any time.
Additional Information: You may provide us with profile information to make public, including a picture, email address and telephone number. You may provide information to customize your account, such as a cell phone number for the delivery of SMS messages. We may use your contact information to help others find your Upper Quadrant account, including through third-party services and client applications. Your privacy settings control whether others can find you by your email address or cell phone number. If you email us, we may keep your message, email address, and contact information to respond to your request. If you connect your Upper Quadrant account to your account on another service in order to cross-post between Upper Quadrant and that service, the other service may send us your registration or profile information on that service and other information that you authorize. This information enables cross-posting, helps us improve the Services, and is deleted from Upper Quadrant within a few weeks of your disconnecting from Upper Quadrant your account on the other service. Providing the additional information described in this section is entirely optional.
Communications from Upper Quadrant: We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services or to market to you. You may use your account settings to unsubscribe from notifications from Upper Quadrant. You may also unsubscribe by following the instructions contained within a notification or the instructions on our website. However, you may not unsubscribe from communications that are considered part of the Services and your Upper Quadrant account, such as such as service announcements and administrative messages.
Cookies: Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching. Upper Quadrant may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Most Internet browsers automatically accepts cookies. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies.
Log Data: When you use our Services, we may receive information (“Log Data “) such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information. We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, interact with our email notifications, use your Upper Quadrant account to authenticate to a third-party website or application, or visit a third-party website that includes a Upper Quadrant button or widget. We may also receive Log Data when you click on, view or interact with a link on our Services to a third-party application, such as when you choose to install another application through Upper Quadrant. Upper Quadrant uses Log Data to provide, understand, and improve our Services. If not already done earlier, for example, as provided below, we will either delete Log Data or remove any common account identifiers, such as your username, full IP address, or email address, after 18 months or pursuant to written contractual terms.
Widget Data: We may tailor the Services for you based on your visits to third-party websites that integrate Upper Quadrant buttons or widgets. When these websites first load our buttons or widgets for display, we receive Log Data that includes the web page you visited and a cookie that identifies your browser (“Widget Data “). After a maximum of 10 days, we start the process of deleting, de-identifying, or aggregating Widget Data, which is usually instantaneous but, in some cases, may take up to a week. We may use Widget Data to tailor content for you, such as suggestions for people to follow on Upper Quadrant and other content you may be interested in. Tailored content is stored with only browser cookies or device IDs and is separated from other Widget Data such as page-visit information.
Commerce Services: We use a third-party payment services provider to process payments. We do not store credit card details, which are provided directly to the third-party processer. You may provide your payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address (collectively,” Payment Information“), along with your shipping address, to complete a commerce transaction on Upper Quadrant. You may also provide your credit or debit card number to register for card-linked services, such as offers. We consider your Payment Information and shipping address private and do not make such information public. We collect and store information created by your purchases made on Upper Quadrant (“Transaction Data“). If you register your credit or debit card with Upper Quadrant for card-linked services, we receive information about the card transactions from a third-party payment services provider (“Registered Card Data “). Transaction Data and Registered Card Data may include the merchant’s name and the date, time and amount of the transaction. Upper Quadrant uses Registered Card Data to verify eligibility for card-linked services and may also use Registered Card Data to limit the number of offers available to you and keep track of your offers.
Third-Parties and Affiliates:Upper Quadrant uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services, such as hosting our various blogs and wikis, and to help us understand and improve the use of our Services, such as Google Analytics. These third-party service providers may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP address. Third-party ad partners may share information with us, like a browser cookie ID, website URL visited, mobile device ID, or cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), to help us measure and tailor ads. For example, this allows us to display ads about things in which you may have already shown interest.
Security: Upper Quadrant uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology, to secure transmission of data between our servers and user’s browsers. We process your personal information and store your information that we collect on servers located in the United States.
2. Information Sharing and Disclosure
Service Providers: We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in the United States and abroad. We may share your private personal information with such service providers subject to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions. We share your Payment Information with payment services providers to process payments; prevent, detect and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities; facilitate dispute resolution such as chargebacks or refunds; and for other purposes associated with the acceptance of credit or debit cards. We may share your credit or debit card number with payment services providers, or third parties authorized by them, to monitor card transactions at participating merchants and track redemption activity for the purposes of providing card-linked services.
Law and Harm: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect Upper Quadrant’s rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
3. Modifying Your Personal Information
If you are a registered user of our Services, we provide you with tools to access or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account. You can also permanently delete your Upper Quadrant account. When your account is deactivated, it is not viewable on our website. For up to 30 days after deactivation it may still be possible to restore your account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. After 30 days, we have the option to delete your account from our systems, which can take up to a week. We may retain personal information from closed accounts as necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or legal request, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Service, or take other actions permitted by law.
4. EU Safe Harbor Framework
Upper Quadrant complies with the U.S.-E.U. and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.
5. Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at https://www.upperquadrant.com/privacy. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an update or email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Go to Top