https://www.eaglesflight.com/terms-and-conditions?hsLang=en-us
Terms & Conditions
Of Website Use
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) govern the use of this website.  Please read these Terms carefully.  By using this website, you indicate that you have read, understand and agree to comply with all of the terms and conditions outlined in these Terms.  If you disagree with these Terms or any part of these Terms, you must not use this website.
This website uses cookies.  By using this website and agreeing to these Terms, you consent to Eagle’s Flight's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of Eagle’s Flight's Privacy Statement.
Ownership of Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise specified, all information, files, materials, contents, software, graphics, text, sounds, images, buttons, trade marks, service marks, trade names, logos, audio or video clips contained in this website are protected by copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property laws, under national laws and international treaties and are the property of Eagle’s Flight, its licensors or their respective owners.  Nothing in these Terms grants you any legal rights in the website other than as necessary to enable you to access the website. Eagle’s Flight has the right, but not the obligation, to remove from this website, any materials, information or files it believes is or may be, in its own discretion, infringing or violating third parties’ rights.
Website Use Policy
You agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in connection with the use of this website.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from this website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out in these Terms.
You must not: (i) delete, modify or edit the contents of this website; (ii) upload, download, reproduce, duplicate, distribute, host, publish, transmit and/or republish, in any way, files, materials, information, software and/or other materials obtained from this website; and/or (iii) use the contents of this website for any commercial purposes.
Acceptable Use
You may not use this website to post or transmit any: (i) abusive, indecent, defamatory, vulgar, pornographic, profane, harassing, obscene materials or a breach of confidence, privacy or similar third-party rights; and/or (ii) illegal materials, including without limitation any transmissions which are unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, give rise to civil liability or violate any local, state, national or international laws or regulations.
User Content
By submitting, posting or uploading any materials, including but not limited to, ideas, reviews, opinions, suggestions, comments, text, images, audio materials, video materials and/or any other materials to this website (individually or collectively "User Content") for whatever purpose, you agree:
To grant to Eagle’s Flight a fully-paid, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, distribute and/or sublicense your User Content in any existing or future media. You hereby waive any and all rights, including rights of attribution and integrity or other so-called “moral” rights in and to the User Content;
Your User Content will not be unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, profane, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable, and must not infringe any third party's legal rights, nor give rise to civil liability against Eagle’s Flight or a third party or violate any local, state, national or international laws or regulations;
Eagle’s Flight reserves the right to edit or remove any materials, information or User Content from this website. Eagle’s Flight will not be liable to you or any third-party for any modification or discontinuance of your User Content
Eagle’s Flight does not undertake to control or monitor any User Content nor has any responsibility for ANY such User Content.
Disclaimer of Warranty
The information on this website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Eagle’s Flight makes no representations or warranties or conditions in relation to the use of this website and the use any information and/or materials contained on this website.  Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Eagle’s Flight does not warrant that: (i) this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or (ii) the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading; or (iii) will meet your requirements or will operate in an interrupted manner, error free or completely secure manner or that errors or defects will be corrected.  Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances will Eagle’s Flight, its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, representatives, subsidiaries, successors or assigns be liable in any way to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) or under any circumstances for any loss or damages that you may suffer or incur as a result of your use of this website or its contents.  Use of and reliance upon this website is entirely at your own risk.  In no event shall Eagle’s Flight be liable to you for any indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damage, or loss of revenue or profit, or any other commercial or economic loss of any kind, business interruption, damage caused to your computer, or to your other property, due to your access to, use of, or downloading of any materials provided on this site.  The foregoing exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law.
Indemnity
You hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Eagle’s Flight and its affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, successors and assigns, and their directors, officers, managers, employees, donors, agents and licensors from and against any and all loss, actions, claims, damages, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, made by a third-party arising or resulting from: (i) any breach or violation by you of these Terms; and/or (ii) the use of, or inability to use this Website, its contents, materials and/or services, or any third-party materials made available through this website.
Breaches of these Terms
Eagle’s Flight may, at its own discretion, suspend or terminate your right to use this website of any part of it at any time without notice for any reason. Without prejudice to Eagle’s Flight’s other rights under these Terms, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Eagle’s Flight may take such action as Eagle’s Flight deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including the suspension or termination of your access to this website.  In the event of suspension or termination, you shall no longer be authorized to access this website or any part hereof. The provisions outlined in this website with respect to the download of any materials and the disclaimers and limitations of the liabilities set forth in these Terms shall survive.
Privacy Statement
You acknowledge that you have read the Privacy Statement located on the website at  (the "Privacy Statement"), as it may change from time to time. You hereby consent to the collection, use and disclosure by Eagle’s Flight of your personal information (whether previously collected or to be collected) for the purposes identified therein. You consent to Eagle’s Flight use of such personal information in accordance with the applicable terms and conditions contained in such Privacy Statement, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference and forms an integral part of these Terms.
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligations under these Terms due to causes which are beyond their reasonable control and of a nature which neither has the power or authority to remedy, including, but not limited to, acts of God, acts of civil or military disturbances, fires, floods, epidemics, wars, and riots. In the event of such an occurrence, the party claiming relief thereon shall give prompt written notice thereof to the other party and any time for performance of an obligation shall be extended by time equal to the length of delay attributable to such occurrence
Waiver
Any failure of Eagle’s Flight to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms and conditions of these Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of such terms and conditions and agreements, or of the right of the affected party to insist at any time thereafter upon such strict compliance.
Assignment
You may not assignor transfer the rights and obligations under these Terms without the prior written consent of Eagle’s Flight.
Severability
In the event that any court of competent jurisdiction declares invalid any provision of these Terms, such invalidity shall have no effect on the other provisions hereof, which shall remain valid and binding and in full force and effect, and to that end the provisions of the Terms shall be considered severable.
Law and jurisdiction
You agree that the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada shall govern any use of this website, without regard to rules relating to conflict of laws, including with regard to any dispute arising from your use of this website or any materials from this website. The courts of the Province of Ontario shall have the exclusive jurisdiction over all claims.
Entire agreement
These Terms together with any rules, guidelines and policies published in Eagle’s Flight website set forth the full and complete understanding between you and Eagle’s Flight with respect to the matters herein and supersedes any and all previous agreements and representations made in respect to your use of this website. Eagle’s Flight reserves the right to review and/or modify the Terms of this website at any time and without notice.
Get to know us better
Toll-Free North America:1-800-567-8079
International:+1-519-767-1747
Asia Pacific:+65-6805-0668
Europe:+44 (0) 1753533010
South America:+55-11-3050-2210
Email:info@eaglesflight.com