http://www.happytrailsrvcenter.com/we-can-help-sell-your-rv--xconsignment
Consign Your RV
Happy Trails RV Center sells new and pre-owned pop-ups, travel trailers, fifth wheels, toyhaulers, and motor homes. Some of our used units are trade-ins whereas others are under consignment contracts with the owners.
What does it mean to consign your RV? It means that once you bring your RV to us, our experienced Sales Professionals will work hard to sell it for you. There are no storage fees for putting your RV on our lot. We qualify all buyers and contact the owner with all valid offers (which are submitted to us in writing).
To assist in marketing your RV for sale, we take quality photos of inside and outside areas. We add this information to our website along with specifications and other details provided by the owner. There is a small fee for this activity. Once the RV is sold, the owner is then required to pay the commission fee.
If you have an appointment with our Consignment Manager, please bring the following paperwork with you:
Original title.
Lien holder information (lender, account number, phone number and payoff).
Proof of insurance on the RV.
Driver's license
2 sets of keys and owner's manual.
To prepare your RV for placement and best viewing on our lot, Happy Trails RV Center recommends that you:
Remove all personal items including dishes, cleaning supplies, linens, etc.
Clean the RV as if it is your house - wipe countertops, vacuum rug and cabinet areas, etc.
Empty all holding tanks and water tanks.
If it is a motor home, the fuel tank should be at least ½ tank to allow us to start the engine and generator, and provide test drives.
For additional information, please contact our Consignment Manager at (417) 533-7530.
Enter your information below and a representative will contact you regarding your trade.
Asterisk indicates Required Field
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Email
*
Phone
Address
City
State
Zip Code
Make
Model
Year
Miles
Added Accessories
Comments/Questions
Subscribe to Newsletter:
Submit
Do not fill out this field. Your form will not submit properly.
Happy Trails RV Center is committed to your privacy. View Privacy Statement
×
×
×
×