https://www.methodsmachine.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home / Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Methods Machine Tools, Inc. This statement discloses the information practices for the Methods Machine Tools, Inc. website, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.
Personal Information
In general, you can visit Methods Machine Tools, Inc. on the Internet without telling us who you are and without giving any personal information about yourself. There are times, however, when we or our partners may need information from you.
You may choose to give us personal information in a variety of situations. For example, you may want to give us information, such as your name and address or e-mail id, to correspond with you, to process a warranty registration, or to provide you with a newsletter subscription. You may also give us a description of your education and work experience in connection with a job opening at Methods Machine Tools, Inc. that you wish to be considered for. We intend to let you know how we will use such information before we collect it from you; if you tell us that you do not want us to use this information to make further contact with you beyond fulfilling your requests, we will respect your wishes. If you give us personal information about somebody else, such as a spouse or work colleague, we will assume that you have their permission to do so.
Information Security and Quality
We intend to protect the quality and integrity of your personally identifiable information. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to help us keep your information secure, accurate, current, and complete.
We will make a sincere effort to respond in a timely manner to your requests to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. To correct inaccuracies in your personal information please return the message containing the inaccuracies to the sender with details of the correction requested.
Personalized URL Link
On occasion, Methods Machine Tools, Inc. presents a personalized URL (link) that brings the visitor to a personalized web page. Such a personal URL is readily identifiable and by clicking on that link and going to a personal web page you are agreeing to let Methods Machine Tools, Inc. collect information about your visits. We use this information to help us provide you with information that matches your interests. If you do not wish information to be used in this way, simply do not click on such personalized URLs.
Children’s Data
While Methods Machine Tools, Inc. is not directed towards children, we are committed to comply with applicable laws and requirements, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Privacy Technology
Technology will increasingly help you to have more control over your personal information. It will also help organizations to manage their privacy practices and policies. As an information technology provider, Methods Machine Tools, Inc. actively supports the development of privacy technologies to help achieve these goals, and to help create greater trust and confidence in the way personal information is handled. Products and services are available which can help give you privacy protection while navigating the Web. See http://www.privacyalliance.org/resources/rulesntools.shtml for an overview of many privacy-related tools. Please note that Methods Machine Tools, Inc. has not formally evaluated all of these tools.
Security
Security for all personally identifiable information is extremely important to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Methods Machine Tools, Inc. cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit via the internet. By transmitting any such information to the Company, you accept that you do so at your own risk.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using the website, you accept the policies and restrictions set forth in this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the website. This Privacy Statement may be revised from time to time by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Privacy Statement to which you are bound.
Last Updated: Aug 21, 2020
Our site uses cookies to collect the necessary data to improve your browsing
experience and customize content based on your interests.
Ok