https://www.bondloc.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
terms and conditions
By visiting our website www.bondloc.co.uk you are automatically agreeing to all the terms and conditions within this document and the Privacy Policy available on our website.GENERAL INFORMATION1. This website www.bondloc.co.uk is operated by Bondloc Uk Ltd2. Were we use “us”, “we”, “our”, www.bondloc.co.uk in our terms and conditions we refer to Bondloc UK Ltd.3. Herein after Bondloc (UK) Limited shall be referred to as “The Company” and the purchaser shall be referred to as “The Customer”.4. You can view the most current version of these terms and conditions at any time by visiting this website page.5. We have the right to change this policy from time to time by updating this page, without prior notice to you. You should check this page regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes we might make.6. It is your responsibility to check the most up to date terms and conditions on each visit to our website and fully understand them before making a purchase.7. We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone, for any reason, at any time.8. Any content that you enter onto this website may be transferred unencrypted and involve transmissions over various networks and may involve changes in order to conform and adapt to the technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.9. You may not exploit our website or products and services we offer. You may not copy, sell, resell, duplicate website content (content including copy, imagery, products and services) we offer for personal or commercial gain.ONLINE CATALOGUE TERMS10. Product details displayed for a particular item in our catalogue are correct at the time when the information was entered onto the system and we will endeavour to keep this information as accurate as possible.11. We endeavour to ensure that we represent as accurately as possible visuals, images, appearances, colours, textures or finishes, but we are not responsible for how these might render on your computer monitor or equipment and may differ to that of the actual goods or services you are purchasing.AMENDMENTS TO OUR SERVICE AND PRICING12. Our items on the website are subject to change at any time and we reserve the right to, at any time, modify or discontinue any part of the product or service that we offer, or any part of content thereof, without any prior notice to you.13. We accept no liability to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuation of the service.TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE14. These terms shall apply to any order or contract for the supply of goods, materials and products, (hereinafter called ‘goods’), accepted by the Company without variation unless expressly agreed beforehand by the Company in writing. The customer shall not transfer his rights to any third party without the Company’s written consent.15. Orders and contracts are accepted only in accordance with these terms and conditions, irrespective of any terms or conditions printed on customers order forms unless previously agreed to and accepted by the Company in writing.16. The Company expressly reserves the right to refuse to accept any order or contract for the supply of goods, whether or not a quotation for the supply thereof has previously been submitted to any particular customer. No order must be regarded as having been accepted by the Company unless and until a despatch advice has been issued by or on behalf of the Company.17. All goods are priced on an ex-works basis, excluding value added tax and delivery charges. Carriage and packing will be calculated and charged for separately in respect of each delivery.18. V.A.T will be charged at the rate ruling at the tie of despatch.19. Any order accepted by the Company that does not exceed £150.00 sterling value nett excluding value added will be subject to a carriage charge. Palletised freight is charged at cost.20. The prices quoted are based upon the current cost of materials, manufacturing costs and transport and are subject to any increase that may take place between the date of order and actual delivery. They may be subject to confirmation at the time the order is placed with and accepted by the Company.21. Terms of payment are strictly 30 days from the date of invoice unless otherwise specifically agreed by the Company in writing. The Company reserves the right to cancel any discounts allowed should payment not be made within the stipulated terms. In the event of a customer failing to comply with the Company’s terms of payment, the Company reserves the right to discontinue forthwith the provision to the Customer of any further goods or services by way of installation or storage or otherwise howsoever.22. All Customers should note that title for goods supplied remains vested in Bondloc UK Limited unless and until full payment in case or cleared cheque has been made, and the Company advises all customers that until such payment is received the Company remains fiduciary owners notwithstanding delivery of goods pursuant to orders received and accepted by the Company. This fact will be clearly stated on each and every transaction invoiced by the Company in respect of the goods included on that invoice.23. The period for delivery starts from the date on which the Company receives and accepts the official order and whilst efforts will be made to effect delivery in the time stated no contingent liability can be accepted in the event of failure to do so nor any penalty unless specifically contracted in writing by the Company.24. The company undertakes to replace at its sole discretion any goods which fail or go off during the products shelf life subject to the product being stored correctly.25. Any goods returned to the Company must arrive free of charge and a restocking charge of 20% of the invoice value may be made. All returned goods must have the prior agreement of the Company and the Goods Return Authorisation number must be clearly stated on the return packaging otherwise receipt of the said goods may be rejected. Credit in respect of rejected or faulty material will only be made after return to and receipt of such material at the Company’s premises and notification of despatch of rejects, will not be accepted as proof of delivery.26. While the Company takes every precaution in the preparation of catalogues, technical circulars, price lists, illustrations and other advertising matter, these are an indication only of the type of goods offered and no particulars contained therein shall be binding on the Company.27. These Conditions and any Contract following thereon shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law.LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY28. We shall not be liable for any direct, special, indirect or consequential or incidental damages including loss of profit or loss of opportunity as a result of the use of or the inability to use any items that have been ordered on this website.29. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bondloc Uk Ltd, and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and our agents, officers, directors and employees, immediately and on demand, against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of any breach of any of our terms and conditions.30. We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.31. You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.32. You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the products or service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.33. In no case shall Bondloc UK Ltds, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.SEVERABILITY34. In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms and Conditions, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.FORCE MAJEURE35. The company shall be entitled to cancel or delay delivery of orders if it is delayed, hindered or prevented from delivery through circumstances beyond its control. Such circumstances shall include (but are not limited to) industrial action, accident, fire, terrorism, Act of God or failure to deliver by suppliers or carriers.PERSONAL INFORMATION36. Is governed by our Privacy Policy also available on this website.JURISDICTION37. These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of United Kingdom.ENTIRE AGREEMENT38. These terms and conditions combined with our published Privacy Policy (also available through this website) constitute the entire agreement between the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and us whether written or oral.GENERAL39. Should any part-term or term be found to be unenforceable then the remainder of the terms and conditions shall continue to have full force and effect as if the invalidated term was not present.40. Should any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these terms and conditions arise where it is beyond our reasonable control, we will not be responsible to you for such delay or failure nor liable for any loss that you incur, howsoever caused.Any questions about out Terms and Conditions should be emailed to sales@bondloc.co.uk
To improve your browsing experience this site uses cookies. You can find out more about how we use cookies by reading our
Cookie PolicyAccept