http://www.stevengarner.com/terms
Toggle navigation
Home
Profile
Gallery
Services
Weddings
Corporate
Trade Shows
Private Events
FAQ
News
Contact
Terms of Use
Welcome to my website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy (below) govern Steven Garner's relationship with you in relation to this website.
Respecting your privacy and ensuring the confidentiality of your personal information is critical to us. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to ensure that we interact with you in line with current data protection legislation such as the Data Protection Act 1998 and in accordance with your wishes.
NB: This statement does not extend to websites that are linked to this website. You should refer to the privacy policies of any such websites for further details about their use of your personal information.
By using this website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this privacy policy.
General use of your information
Unless legally required to do so, we will never provide your information to third parties without your agreement.
What information do we gather?
In addition to information gathered directly (for example, through the website contact form), we also gather information indirectly. In common with most websites we have access logs. These logs record a user's IP address and browser and are aggregated to produce summary information.
This allows statistics about the popularity of the website to be compiled. Log files do not contain any personal information. Steven Garner reserves the right to store this information indefinitely.
Browser detection
We detect the browser that the user is using for the purposes of tailoring the content to suit the features of, and to deal with the bugs in, different operating system, browser type and browser version combinations.
Contact us
This website is owned and operated by:
Steven Garner
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or any other matters concerning this website or you wish to report a technical error, you can contact us via the enquiry form on the contact us page.
Cookie Policy
1. About cookies on our website
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we place onto a user's device. It is used to tailor the user experience either for the duration of their visit (using what is known as a session cookie) or for repeat visits (whereby we store what is known as a persistent cookie).
We also use "analytical" cookies which allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how these users move around our website.
Are cookies Safe?
Yes, cookies are completely safe and do not hold any private information such as your home address, date of birth or credit card details.
The information stored on cookies is safe and anonymous. They do not hold information, which could personally identify you, and the information on your account is always safe. If you would like to find out more about cookies, visit www.aboutcookies.org
If you are not comfortable with our website using cookies please change your browser settings or navigate away from this website. Please note that by not using cookies some of the website's features may not be available.
Types of cookies
Session
This type only lasts for the duration you are on the website.
Persistent
This type of cookie stays on a user's device and remembers their settings the next time they visit.
First party
These cookies are set by this website directly and have been programmed specifically for functionality relating to its usage.
Third party
These are cookies set by other websites. See section 3. below.
Users can manage or block the cookies set by us, or indeed any other website, should they wish to do so. This can be done via the browser settings on the user's device. A user who has consented can also withdraw their consent at any time using these settings.
For more comprehensive information on the subject of blocking cookies please visit www.aboutcookies.org. Users who wish to specifically manage or block cookies on the browser of their mobile device may need to refer to the manual for the handset.
Users should be aware that restricting or blocking cookies may have an impact on the functionality of this website and effect the intended experience.
We reserves the right to embed content from websites such as YouTube. As a result users should check the relevant third party website for more information about those cookies.
2. Cookies set by us
A persistent cookie is used to store the user's consent for Steven Garner to store cookies on their machine.
Steven Garner reserves the right to add further cookies in the future if we feel they will be beneficial for the performance of this website.
3. Cookies set by third parties
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a free service offered by Google that gathers detailed information about the visitors to this website. This information is used to measure the flow of visitors around the site with a view to improving the user experience over time. Get more information on the cookies gathered by this service.