https://www.cashacme.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19: Cash Acme is taking additional measures to serve customers and protect employees. Read more here.
MENU
Products
Water Pressure Regulating Valves
Thermostatic Mixing Valves (TMVs)
Temperature & Pressure Relief Valves
Backflow Preventers
General Plumbing & Heating
SharkBite Plumbing System
Cash Acme Quality
Quality Excellence
Made in the USA
Logistics
Innovation
Resources
Downloads
Training
NAECA Hot Water Heater Regulations 2015
Hot Water Temperature Safety
Industry Affiliation
Videos
CAD / BIM
Contact Us
Home
About
News
Events
Find a Local Rep
Contractor Rewards
USA
Canada
Home
About
News
Events
Find a Local Rep
Contractor Rewards
USA
Canada
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.cashacme.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your personally identifiable information.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. When you provide us with personally identifiable information (i.e., email address, physical address, or your contact information), we will secure and use that information as described in this notice. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone for marketing purposes. In the event we were to merge or be acquired by another entity, we may share your information with that entity; however, we will exercise reasonable efforts to cause that entity to comply with this notice or notify you in the event this privacy notice changes.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We may also use information regarding your interactions with the site to troubleshoot problems, customize, measure, and improve our services, and enhance the site’s layout and content. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Please be aware that third parties outside of our control may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions. So while we work very hard to protect your privacy, we cannot promise that your private communications or personal information will always remain private.
Minors
We are very sensitive to children’s privacy issues. We encourage parents and guardians to supervise their children’s online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers. These tools can prevent children from disclosing their name, address, and other personal information online without parental consent. It is our policy that visitors under 13 years of age should not submit any information on the website.
Cookies
We use “cookies” (small files placed on your hard drive) on certain pages of the web site to help analyze our web page flow, customize our services, measure website effectiveness, and promote trust and safety.
A few important things you should know about cookies are that:
We offer certain features that are only available through the use of cookies.
We use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status.
Most cookies are “session cookies,” meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session.
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of the site.
You may encounter cookies from third parties on certain pages of the site that we do not control. (For example, if you view a web page or advertisement created by another user or third party, there may be a “cookie” placed by that web page or advertisement.)
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Notice at any time by posting the amended terms on our site. All amended terms automatically take effect after that are initially posted on the web site unless a change in any applicable law requires immediate amendment. In addition, we will undertake reasonable efforts to notify you of the amendments via email communication at the last email address provided to us.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-877-700-4242 or global.marketing@rwc.com.
Find a Local Rep
Find a local Cash Acme sales representative near you.
Get Started
Cash Acme is a part of the RWC family of brands.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Warranty
Sitemap
Contractor Rewards
Copyright © 2020 Cash Acme Plumbing Products. All rights reserved. Cash Acme and its respective trademarks are a part of RWC global network.
Searching...
Products
Pages