http://www.teamindustrial.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | TEAM Group
info@team-group.com
For All Your Industrial Cleaning Needs
IN THE USA:
(800) 301-8326
Search for:
Home
About
Our Mission
Our Vision
Certifications
Safety
Statement on COVID-19
COVID-19 Essential Support Services
Management
TEAM Culture
Services
TEAM Brochures
Industrial Decontamination & Disposal Services
Automotive Manufacturing
Aerospace & Defense
Industrial Cleaning
Projects & Emergency
Facility Maintenance
Advanced Cleaning
Innovation
Advanced Cleaning
Paint Defect Analysis
News & Events
Giving@TEAM Cares
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
SHARE THIS PAGE
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
It is TEAM Group’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://www.Team-Group.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or  https://www.Team-Group.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, TEAM am Group collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. TEAM Group’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how TEAM Group’s visitors use its website. From time to time, TEAM Group may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
TEAM Group also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.Team-Gouup.com blog posts. TEAM Group only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to TEAM Group’s websites choose to interact with TEAM Group in ways that require TEAM Group to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that TEAM Group gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://www.Team-Group.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by TEAM Group and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
TEAM Group may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. TEAM Group may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, TEAM Group does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, TEAM Group uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. TEAM Group uses cookies to help TEAM Group identify and track visitors, their usage of https://www.Team-Group.com, and their website access preferences. TEAM Group visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using TEAM Group’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of TEAM Group’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to TEAM Group’s use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, TEAM Group may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in TEAM Group’s sole discretion. TEAM Group encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
In the USA Headquarters
12640 Delta Street, Taylor, MI 48180-6833
Bus: (734) 946-5900
Toll-Free: (800) 301-8326
Bus Fax: (734) 946-5945
In Canada
25 Bodrington Court Markham, ON L6G 1B6
Bus: (905) 940-9334
Toll-Free: (877) 535-8326
Bus Fax: (905) 940-1626
IN THE UK
7-8 Kimberley Business Park,
Kimberley Way Brereton, Rugeley,
Staffordshire United Kingdom WS15 1RE
Bus: +44(0)1889 582932
Bus Fax: +44(0)1889 574691
IN THAILAND
7-8 414/82 Moo. 4, Pluak Daeng,
Pluak Daeng District,
Rayong Thailand Post code: 21140
Bus: 098-1068271
IN FRANCE
250 Bis Boulevard
Saint-Germain, 75007,
Paris, France
Bus: +44(0)1889 582932
Email: sales@team-group.com
IN CHINA
Suite 1605, No.1, Lane 1029,
Kongjiang Road, Yang Pu District,
Shanghai China Post code: 200093
Bus: 86-133 0160 0390
Copyright © 2020 TEAM Group l Privacy Policy l Terms of UseTEAM Cares for Cystic Fibrosis l Fusion Gala l Employee LoginMobile-Friendly l Careers l Sales l
View TEAM Brochures
Connect with TEAM Group on Social Media l
Find Us on l Indeed
Glassdoor
l Rate Us on Google
Explore TEAM l (800) 301-8326 l IT Support l Send Feedback
TRANSLATE
We value your privacy. This website uses cookies in order to offer you the most relevant information. Please accept our cookies for optimal performance and service.
OkPrivacy Policy