http://www.airengineering.com/information/privacy-policy
Search
Categories
Air End Rebuilding
Air|Oil Separator
Equipment
All Equipment
Compressors
Heat Exchangers
Refrigerated Dryers
Filters
All Filters
Compressor Filters
In-line Filters
Natural Gas Processing
Oil Filters
Railroad Filters
Stationary Engines
Dust Collector Elements
Lubricants
Rotary Screw Compressor Parts
Reciprocating Compressor Parts
More
All More
Centrifugal Air Compressor Parts
Bushing
Valves & Parts
Electrical
Desiccant
Misc
Accessories
Fan
Hoses
Connecting Rods
Gaskets|Seals
Coupling
Fitting
Gauges|Hourmeters
Motors
Dryers
Thermal Transfer
Bearings
Belts
Misc
Mud Pumps
Pistons
Solberg
Misc
Recent Posts
All compressed air systems have unique supply and demand characteristics, but one thing they have in
…
read more
19th Sep 2019
Should saving energy be of interest to the industrial compressor user? If you are using compres
…
read more
10th Jul 2018
For a limited time only, save 18% on Chicago Pneumatic Air Compressors.
Featuring ultra quiet, depe
…
read more
22nd Feb 2018
Home
Information
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Air Engineering collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.airengineering.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Air Engineering.
Personal identification information We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information Air Engineering may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy Air Engineering has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:Air Engineeringhttp://www.airengineering.com 6040 W Executive Dr STE K Mequon WI 53092 262-478-0599webmaster@airengineering.com This document was last updated on April 20, 2014
OK