http://www.baileymorris.co.uk/privacyinfo
Bailey Morris
The leading propshaft manufacturer and component distributor in the U.K.
Shop Now
Privacy policy
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is intended to describe how your personal information is processed and used. By visiting www.baileymorris.co.uk you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to our processing of personal information for the purposes given below. If you choose to provide us with your personal information on the Web, we may use it to better understand and improve on the services that Bailey Morris and its website offer.We do not sell any personal information to other companies or third parties.We do not use your name, address, email address or phone number to deliver adverts or unsolicited mail.Wherever your personal information may be held within www.baileymorris.co.uk or on its behalf, we intend to take appropriate steps to protect the personal information that you share with us from unauthorised access or disclosure in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).We store your data on a secure server according to the GDPR.Sending information over the Web is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your data during transfer. Any data you send is at your own risk. We have procedures, policies and features in place once your information is received.You have the right to find out what information we hold about you and ask for the complete deletion of your data by contacting Bailey Morris Ltd. If you’ve signed up for email alerts, you can unsubscribe or change the settings by clicking the unsubscribe link on our emails.This privacy policy only applies to www.baileymorris.co.uk and does not cover any third party website linked within this website.We hold the following information if consent has been given or if we require the data to conduct a transaction with the subject or if there are legitimate reasons (including legal) to retain or use the data.Company InformationCompany Name and ContactsCompany AddressLandline/Mobile Telephone NumbersE-Mail AddressesVAT NumberBank Account DetailUse of cookies on www.baileymorris.co.ukCookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.These are named:_utma_utmb_utmc_utmz
E-mail: sales@baileymorris.co.uk
Informations
Privacy Policy
Terms of Sale
Terms of Purchase
Indutrade AB Tax Policy
Copyright © 2020 Bailey Morris. All rights reserved.
Bailey Morris is using cookies, to guarantee the best shopping experience. Partially cookies will be set by third parties. Privacy Info
Okay, got it
Shopping Cart
0
Wishlist
0