http://www.brokersinsurancegroup.com/insurance-agency-privacy-statement.htm
Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting our website. Please read the following conditions and information carefully.Privacy and SecurityComplete privacy, confidentiality and security are not yet possible over the Internet. As a result, our Agency will not be responsible or liable for any harm or loss resulting from use, communication or transmission of any information to or from this website. Material is not to be copied from our website. Use at Your own Risk and Information AccuracyThe contents and information of this website are given strictly for your convenience. You must always consult with your insurance agent and refer to your specific insurance policy declaration for specific coverage information about your policy. This information is subject to change and updated at any time without prior notice. The information in this Site is not to be relied upon for any financial, legal or insurance purposes and is intended for information purposes only. We will not be held responsible for any detrimental reliance you place on this Site or its content. It is agreed that if you use this website it shall be on an "as is" basis and entirely at your own risk. No Liability Implied or StatedBrokers Insurance Group, Inc., its associated companies, its officers, directors, associates, agents, or employees, or any other person associated with this Site, shall not be liable or responsible for any harm, loss or damage (whether arising in contract, tort negligence, or otherwise) that may arise in any connection with use of this Site, including any indirect, direct, special, third party, or consequential damages. Every Insurance Policy package has limits and exclusions. It is the responsibility of each individual and company to be knowledgeable and aware of the wordings and coverage's for their Insurance Policy. Hypertext Links Are Not EndorsementsOther websites that may be accessed from this website by hypertext links, are entirely independent of this website and SHALL NOT BE in any manner construed as any reflection on, or any affiliation with, or endorsement of such site, or entity, or its respective products or services. We value your visit to our website. Should you have any questions about this site, these conditions, or products and services, please contact our office. Use of Trademark and Logo Not PermittedThe display and use of trademarks in this website does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted. Site For Personal Use OnlyThe contents of this Site are for your own personal use. No one has permission to copy, distribute disseminate, commercially exploit, republish, or otherwise communicate any part of such contents in any manner whatsoever without the prior written consent of our office.
Get a Quick Quote
Corporate 1719 Banks RoadMargate FL 33063Phone: (954) 781-0087Toll-free: (877) 325-9218Fax: (954) 773-2908Email  Directions
Testimonials
"Ron has done my homeowners and car insurance for nearly 13 years. In Florida the homeowner and hurricane issues are always difficult, Ron has done a great job in keeping me up to date and priced correctly in a complex and volatile part of the country". Weston, Florida
Phil Gillies
More...
Add Testimonial
Products
Services
Company
About Us
Our People
Our Carriers
Locations
Privacy Statement
Contact Us
Site Map
Connect with