http://www.defected.com/terms-and-conditions
Cookie Consent
Defected would like to use cookies to store information on your computer to improve our website and to enable us to advertise to you those products and services which we believe may be of interest to you. One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to work and has already been sent. You may delete and block all cookies from this site but some elements may not work correctly. To find out more about online behavioural advertising or about the cookies we use and how to delete them, please refer to our privacy policy. By closing, you're agreeing to cookies being used in line with our Cookie Policy.
Allow Cookies
DSTORE – WORLDWIDE SHIPPING - ORDER NOW FOR CHRISTMAS DELIVERY
DSTORE – WORLDWIDE SHIPPING - ORDER NOW FOR CHRISTMAS DELIVERY
facebook
google
twitter
spotify
close
close-white
defected_logo
arrow-thin
search
Youtube-color
Instagram-color
Spotify-color
Facebook-color
deezer old
deezer
apple-music
soundcloud
user
beatport
traxsource-1
play-music
shop
arrow
menu
angle-down
mastercard
amex
maestro
visa
close-bold
amazon
pause
snapchat
snapchat-color
youtubemusic
playlist
deezer
deezer
download
whatsapp
youtubemusic
youtube
traxsource
tidal
spotify
soundcloud
mixcloud
itunes
google-play
defectedrecords
beatport
bandcamp
applemusic
serv-icon-applemusic-large
amazonmusic
amazoncd
amazon
napster
download
Terms &
Conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Defected believes in treating everyone with whom it works or communicates with respect, and that includes you. This also means respecting your privacy to the best of our ability. That means that we will not abuse or misuse the information you give us in any way. We won’t sell your information to anyone, or give it to other companies (other than within the Defected group of companies) or individuals. We won’t load up your email with junk (just an occasional email from us if you choose) or call you with any sales messages. In short, your information is safe with us.
HOW LONG WILL DEFECTED KEEP MY INFORMATION?
We will hold your personal information on our systems until your registration is cancelled.
If you wish to cancel your Website registration, your account will be deleted upon receipt of notification to cancel. One an account is deleted, personal information attaching to that account will not be used or processed by Defected, and will be deleted within one month of notification of account cancellation.Where you contribute to a Website, Defected will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose(s) for which it was submitted.Disclosing your information:We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this privacy policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
In the event that we sell any or all of our business and then only to the buyer and its professional advisors.Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information.To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.Third party links: On occasion we may include links to third parties on the Website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data..
WHAT IF I AM A USER AGED 16 & UNDER?
If you are aged 16 or under, please obtain your parent or guardian’s permission before you provide personal information to a Website, if asked to do so on the Website. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
WHAT IF I AM ACCESSING A WEBSITE OUTSIDE THE UK?
The Website is published in the UK. All personal information submitted by you to a Website will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy (and any local terms that apply on a Website) unless terms on the Website specify otherwise.
Add our Defected app to home screen: tap
and then Add to home screen Close