http://www.kreative.com/terms
AboutWorkServicesContactBlog
Terms of Use
Back to Home //
KREATIVE LLC ("KREATIVE") provides ecommerce and Online marketing services that enable small, medium and large ecommerce merchants ("KREATIVE Client(s)") to leverage the power of the Web to attract targeted shoppers ("Buyers") in order to maximize return on investment. KREATIVE takes any and all actions necessary to inform Users, including KREATIVE Clients and Buyers about these Website Terms of Use. The following Terms Of Use are enforced for any KREATIVE website User. Use of terms such as "we" and "our" refers to KREATIVE, our Clients, affiliates. partners and all other subsidiaries under the KREATIVE umbrella including any organization that may acquire or merge with KREATIVE in the future. Use of terms such as "our website," "this website" or "site" refers to either the KREATIVE website or KREATIVE Client websites.
This Terms Of Use Policy describes KREATIVE's rules for using this website. These Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement between the individual using this website (the "User(s)") and KREATIVE. If you are the User assisting another person with this website these Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement between both Users and KREATIVE. By visiting the KREATIVE website you agree to be bound by the Website Terms Of Use Policy. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions set forth below, please refrain from using or accessing any KREATIVE website or service. By accepting the Website Terms Of Use Policy, you agree to the most recent Terms of Use. KREATIVE may change these Terms of Use at any time, without notice, and such changes will be posted on this Terms Of Use Policy. KREATIVE encourages Users you to review these Terms of Use each time upon visiting the KREATIVE website.
A. General Website Terms //
The performance of the KREATIVE website and all information contained within, downloaded or accessed from the website are provided to you on an "as is" basis, without warranties or guarantees of any kind whatsoever, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties or warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of the rights of third parties. We reserve the right to modify, disable access to or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part or all of this website or any information contained thereon without liability or notice to Users.
As a KREATIVE website User, you acknowledge and agree that any reliance on or use by you of any information available on this website shall be entirely at your own risk. In no event shall KREATIVE nor any of our partners, affiliates or related subsidiaries, nor any individual involved in the creation, production, or distribution of this website warrant that the functions contained within or on will be uninterrupted or error free, that errors will be corrected, or that this website or the server(s) that make them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Affiliates and related subsidiaries can include, but are not limited to, employees, data providers, our friends, allies or other partners. In no way will KREATIVE be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages arising from the use or the performance of this website.
B. Limitation Of Liability //
KREATIVE WILL NOT BE/IS NOT LIABLE FOR:
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE KREATIVE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES, RESULTING FROM ANY MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE KREATIVE WEBSITE.
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM LOSS OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF USER TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA OR FOR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLES, EVEN IF KREATIVE HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless KREATIVE, its partners, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants and agents from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys fees) arising from your use of the Services, the KREATIVE website, your violation of the Terms of Use or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any individual or entity. The Terms of Use will inure to the benefit of KREATIVE's successors, assignees and licensees.
C. Website Terms Enforceability //
If any provision of these Website Terms Of Use are found to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect by any court having competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of these Website Terms Of Use shall continue in full force and effect. No waiver of any provision of these Website Terms Of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision of these Website Terms. These Terms Of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington and the laws of the United States of America.
D. Additional Company Policies //
Please take the time to review our additional company policies:
Privacy Policy
By using the KREATIVE website, you agree that you have read and that you adequately comprehend all company policies, including the Privacy Policy and these Website Terms of Use.
© KREATIVE  //  Privacy  //  Terms
TwitterFacebookPinterest
Our website uses cookies to make your browsing experience better. By using our site you agree to our use of cookies. Learn More
I Agree
×
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Account related cookies
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
Login related cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Form related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preference cookies
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with social network in various ways. For these to work, the social networks may set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site, or contribute to other purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.