http://www.advancedlabelsnw.com/privacy?hsLang=en
HOME
RESOURCES
Label Learning Hub
Basics
Design
Marketing
Application
F.A.Q.
Common Label Problems
Glossary of Label Terms
Popular Sizes & Shapes
Label Materials
FDA Regulations
Graphic Design Services
Art Guidelines
On-Site Press Checks
Site Map
Terms and Conditions
REQUEST A QUOTE
Standard Quote
Detailed Quote
CONTACT / SAMPLES
COMPANY
Careers
Employment Application
Community
Environment
Testimonials
Awards
BLOG
Latest Posts
Featured Client Labels
Privacy Policy
At Advanced Labels we respect your privacy, and the private information that you may provide us as a user of this website. We do not require your personal information to access this site. However, you may choose to supply information about yourself to obtain certain services or content provided by our company. Rest assured that any personal information that you supply to us is safeguarded and honored.
Information Collected:
The personal information that you provide such as names, email addresses, postal addresses, phone numbers, etc., is entered into our database of prospective customers. By viewing our site, Advanced Labels may also collect certain statistical data about your visit to our website including pages visited, amount of time spent at the site, IP address, browser type, ISP information, your operating system and other data for use in website administration.
Information Usage:
Any information that you provide us is collected into our database and used to deliver services such as requests for quotes, label samples, customer surveys and internal order processing. We may also use the information to provide you with special offers or updates of new products that might be of interest to you. None of your information will ever be sold, rented or in any way shared with another party. However, as authorized or required by law we may share your information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting in investigations.
Opt-Out:
On occasion we will promote special offers and discounts via postal service mailings or email campaigns to our customers/prospects via our database. These mailings are rather infrequent, typically one per quarter. You have the choice to not receive these or additional emails by selecting the corresponding box for Special Offer Notification when entering in your personal information. Alternatively you can contact our customer service staff directly to request removal from our mailing list by sending an email.
Third Party Links:
This site may contain links to other sites which are out of the control of Advanced Labels. We do not monitor the privacy policies of those sites. Please consult the respective sites privacy policies for details on their practices.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy please feel free to contact a customer service representative: 1-800-877-4312.
Markets
Wine
Spirits
Beer & Cider
Cannabis
Nutraceutical
Health & Beauty
Cosmetic Labels
Food & Beverage
Bottle Labels
Food
Beverage
FDA Regulations
Pet Food
E-Liquid / Vape
Industrial
Harsh Environment
Capabilities
Label Gallery
Production Capabilities
Screen Printing
Precision Printing & Registration
Varnish & Laminate
Full Color
Four Color Process
Contract / Private Label
Digital Label Printing
Variable
QR Codes
Common Questions
Flexographic Label Printing
Foil Stamp & Embossing
Pattern Embossing
Embossing
Foil Embossing
Hot Foil Stamp
Flexo Boss
Extended Content
Hinged / 2-Ply
Booklet
Specialty
Ice Breaker
Promotional Labels & Tags
Thermal
Tamper Evident
Sequential & Barcode
Art Guidelines
Graphic Design Services
Stay Up To Date
Be Social:
Copyright © 2018  Advanced Labels NW \\ A Resource Label Group Co.
Phone: (425) 776-4315 \\ Toll Free: (800) 877-4312
Privacy Policy | Site Map | Terms and Conditions