http://www.oaem.ca/website-policies/
Website Policies - Ontario Association of Emergency Managers
Join
Member Login
Contact
Advertise
Advertisement
Ontario Association of Emergency Managers
Home of the Ontario Emergency Management Community
Search
Go
Main menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Menu:
Home
About Us
Member Benefits
Member Benefits
Corporate Partnership Subscriptions
Member Directory (Login required)
Manage Your Member Profile
Career Building
OAEM Student Awards
Mentorship Program
Professional Development
Next Gen.
Jobs
Jobs
Submit a job
News
All Articles
Featured Articles
Bloggers
Contact the Editor
Events
Our Community
OAEM Book Club
D1TCanada
DEMSA
IAEM Canada
NGO Alliance of Ontario
Ontario Healthcare EM Forum
Ontario Municipal Business Continuity Group
Ottawa Emergency Management Community
Home » Website Policies
Website Policies
Privacy Policy
On Line Transactions:
The Ontario Association of Emergency Managers (OAEM) believes that privacy is crucial for the ongoing success of Internet commerce. No confidential information is being collected by OAEM on OAEM-Online including the name on purchasers credit cards, card number and expiry date. The Internet Secure gateway collects and processes this information on behalf of OAEM.
The collection, use, and disclosure of personal information by Internet Secure is subject to the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, and other relevant Canadian and Ontario legislation in effect from time to time.
Internet Secure takes reasonable precautions to ensure your privacy on the terms contained in this policy. They take reasonable efforts to, but cannot totally prevent, unintended disclosures by such means as hackers and other unauthorized individuals, and inadvertent or illicit employee actions.
The Internet Secure electronic purchase service requires that cardholders provide contact information (including without limitation: name, address, city, state or province, postal code, country, telephone and email), and financial information (including without limitation: name on credit card, credit card number and expiry date), and ordering information. This information is collected and used to process the transaction and for internal accounting and other procedures. Following a transaction, Internet Secure may contact cardholders by phone or email for security purposes.
The Internet Secure we site keeps track of usage data, such as the source address that a page request is coming from, your IP address or domain name, the date and time of the page request, the referring Web site (if any) and other parameters in the URL. The IP addresses they collect on their electronic purchase service are linked to personally identifiable information. This is collected in order to combat fraud during the purchase process. Internet Secure also uses this data to better understand Web site usage in the aggregate so that they know what areas of our Web site users prefer. Automatically collected information is also used for the same purposes as cardholder supplied and merchant supplied information.
Certain information submitted through the electronic purchase service (excluding credit card numbers) is shared with OAEM from whom the cardholder is purchasing the products / services so OAEM can fulfill the order. Information is also shared with other parties necessary to complete credit card transactions, including, without limitation, companies related to Internet Secure, credit card companies, credit card clearing houses and processors, and financial institutions.
Except for the above parties, and for use by Internet Secure consultants and professional advisers on Internet Secure’s behalf for the uses disclosed herein, Internet Secure does not share personal information with any other third parties. Internet Secure may, however, provide to third parties aggregate or statistical information that does not disclose personally identifiable information.
Member Profile Information:
The privacy of the information provided by individual OAEM-Online members in their individual profiles is controlled by the individual member. When completing or editing ones profile members can select, for each aspect of their profile, if that information can be viewed by everybody (OAEM-Online viewers), only members of OAEM-Online or only OAEM-Online members that the member has accepted as a personal contact.
Refund Policy
The Ontario Association of Emergency Managers does not issue refunds on memberships, workshop registrations or OAEM merchandise unless approved by the OAEM board of directors.
Other Information
OAEM-Online domain www.oaem.ca is registered to The Ontario Association of Emergency Managers.
All transactions on OAEM-Online are in Canadian dollars.
Share on social media:
Share on Facebook
Share
0
Share on TwitterTweet
Share on Pinterest
Share
0
Share on LinkedIn
Share
Share on Digg
Share
About UsAbout the OAEM
OAEM Board of Directors
Constitution and By-laws
Website Policies
Advertisement
© 2020 Ontario Association of Emergency Managers
Privacy Policy
Site by TRWA