https://www.ilscorp.com/privacy-policy/
1-800-404-2211
info@ilscorp.com
Member Login
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Facebook
Twitter
Google
FAQ
News
Resource Center
Search Website
Privacy Policy
ILS courses and subscriptions are sold on an individual user basis and sharing of subscriptions for access to course materials is strictly forbidden. Any sharing of ILS intellectual property with any person or entity who does not have an assigned username and password will result in termination of course access without refund or compensation.
Privacy Policy
Many of you have questions about how we are handling the information we obtain from you when you visit our eLearning website. This online privacy policy will answer your questions about the information we collect when you visit our website, and how we use it.
At ILScorp, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect to process orders, to advise you on your membership status, to keep current your course history, and to make special offers and announcements available to registered users.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you register with ILScorp, we need to know certain information, which may include your name, e-mail address, phone number, fax number, and mailing address.
When you purchase an online course program, you will be asked for your credit card number and expiration date. We also monitor visitor traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop and improve our site.
When requested, we will use the information we collect to advise regulatory bodies of the courses you have completed and the number of continuing education credit hours for which you are eligible, if applicable.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about new courses and products and special offers we think you’ll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, please e-mail our Privacy Officer and you will be removed from our e-mail lists.
Will ILScorp disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
ILScorp will never disclose, sell or give away our customer list and information to anyone.
How does ILScorp protect customer information?
When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
Your consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by ILScorp. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Terms of Use Disclaimer
The information contained on this Web site is for educational purposes only. It is not intended to provide legal, accounting, tax, investment, financial or other advice to you, and you should not rely upon the information to provide any such advice. Although we believe that the information provided on this Web site is accurate and complete and we try to keep the information current, we do not provide any warranty, express or implied, of the accuracy or completeness of any information provided as part of this Web site. ILScorp nor either of its subsidiaries nor its affiliates shall be liable in any manner or to any extent for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses arising out of the use of this Web site.
Policies, Terms and Conditions
ILScorp online course purchases entitle the subscriber to unlimited access to the online course programs in those categories chosen for the time period indicated at the time of purchase. (i.e. four months, six months, one year.)
Where indicated, online courses qualify for continuing education credit hours in Provincial jurisdictions and with many Associations, organizations & other entities.
Course registrations are not transferable nor subject to refund.
Methods of Payment
ILScorp accepts Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover Card. Credit cards are processed with a secure server in order to ensure that your information is protected. If you require alternate payment options, please contact our office at 1-800-404-2211.
Pricing Policy
All prices are quoted in Canadian Dollars.
Prices are subject to change without notice.
Any charges incurred as a result of declined credit card payments or similar circumstances will be charged back to the client’s account.
Subscribe to Email Promotions
New Courses
Credit Insurance
When the Smoke Clears
Alberta Auto Essentials
Cyber Risks for Insurance Professionals
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter