http://www.alliancemtg.com/privacy.htm
Alliancemtg.com Home of inexpensive loans
Bad Credit Home Loans
Home Purchase Loans
Bad Credit Refinance
Debt Consolidation Home Loans
Mortgage interest rates
Follow us on
Credit SectionHome Loans For Bad Credit.
Imperfect Credit
Credit Rankings
Credit Reporting
Fico Scores
No Fico Loans
Why Alliance MortgageAbout Alliancemtg.com
Corporate Profile
Why Inexpensive loans
Advantage of using us
What others say
Recent Posts
Why do so many people buy vacation homes in Malta?
Fixed rate mortgages California
How to sell your home fast ?
Four good reasons to get a fixed mortgage
Tips to Refinance Your Student Loans
How to enhance the appearance your property
Tax lien certificates for income
Using credit cards what you need to know
A complete guide to buying property for development
New Beach Properties San Pedro de Alcantara, Costa del Sol
Home mortgage refinancing and second mortgages
Branded and Designer homes – The recent trend in Real Estate
Mobile Home Financing
5 Advantages of taking a real estate loan than paying cash
How to Buy Property Abroad
Archives Archives
Select Month
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
March 2019
September 2018
November 2017
April 2017
March 2016
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
April 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
July 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
December 2011
November 2011
Purchases5 Steps- First time homebuyers
Making an offer
Qualify
95% to 103% home loans
FHA
Home loans 3% down
Home Loan approval process
You are here: Home / privacy
privacy
This is our privacy policy.
We do not collect personal information on users, nor we sell or distribute your email address.If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email
Here is some more on Privacy Policy for users :
At Alliancemtg.com the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by and how it is used.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no personal information. Like many other Web sites, makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes Internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
With respect to cookies:
We  set cookies. or use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google AdSense, Commission Junction, Click bank, Link share, Amazon, Kontera.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. we have no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the above address. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the above address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by , sending us e-mail at the above address.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
With respect to Ad Servers:
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of: Google Adsense Commission Junctions, Azoogle ads, Kontera, Clickbank,Amazon.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices and privacy policies.We cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to no information that we have collected and that we maintain about them. With respect to security:
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above email addresses or phone number provided on the site.
Home
About
contact
Terms of Service
privacy
Sitemap
©1997 - 2020
Loans Realty Group Licence ID 01861000
NMLS 245433
BRE 01170458
NMLS 1164868