http://www.backgroundchecks.com/terms
Business
Personal
Resellers
About Us
Blog
Disputes & Disclosures
Log In
Business Home
Our Data
Our Products
Volume Pricing
Solutions
Learning Center
For Businesses
Personal Background Checks
For Resellers
Our Blog
Terms and Conditions
This version of these Terms and Conditions was last modified on 15 October 2019.
Contents
Terms of Service
Article 1 Terms about making this agreement
Article 2 Terms about laws with which you must comply
Article 3 Terms about charges you must pay
Article 4 Terms about services we provide
Article 5 Terms about intellectual property rights
Article 6 Terms about legal liability
Report Certifications
Report Certifications for Resale Intent of No Resale
Report Certifications for Resale Intent of CRA Resale
Report Certifications for Resale Intent of Conduit Resale
Report Certifications for Resale Intent of Non-CRA Resale
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Employment-Related
Screening
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Trucking
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Volunteer
Screening
Report Certifications for End-user Purpose of Tenant Screening
Report Certifications for End-user Purpose of Non-Tenant Credit
Report Certifications for End-user Purpose of Insurance
Underwriting
Report Certifications for End-user Purpose of Government License or
Benefit
Report Certifications for End-user Purpose of Other
Consumer-Initiated Transaction
Report Certifications for End-user Purpose of Other Written
Consent
Report Certifications for End-user Purpose of Employee Misconduct
Investigation
Report Certifications for End-user Purpose of Non-FCRA
Terms of Service
Article 1 Terms about making this agreement
Section 1.1 What is this document?
This is a legally binding service agreement between two parties. The first party is backgroundchecks.com
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company doing business as backgroundchecks.com, whom this agreement
calls "we" and "us." The second party is either:
the company, partnership, association, government agency, or other organization that you identified
in your registration on our website; or
you personally, if you did not identify a company, partnership, association, government agency, or
other organization on the registration page.
The word "you" by itself in the rest of this agreement means this second party. The word "you" by itself
in this section 1.1 and the phrase "you personally" anywhere in this agreement both mean you, the
individual who signs this agreement.
Section 1.2 What if you already have another agreement with us?
If you already have a separate agreement with us that both parties signed and that states that our
relationship will not be governed by any future electronic agreement, form we provide, or form on our
website, then these Terms of Service do not replace your separate
agreement unless (a) it does so as described in the separate agreement or (b) you sign another document
that says you agree to this agreement. But, if that separate agreement is mainly a list of services,
prices, payment terms, and a few additional terms or if it does not state that it is the complete
agreement between you and us, then that separate agreement just sets the services and prices available
under this agreement and any additional terms contained in it supplement this agreement. In any case,
the Report Certifications you make are in addition to these Terms of Service or your separate agreement.
Section 1.3 How do you agree to this agreement?
You agree to this agreement if you sign it electronically. You sign this agreement electronically by
clicking any button or any box associated with words that say you accept or agree to this agreement. You
also sign this agreement electronically by taking any other action that shows your intent to sign this
agreement. You also agree to this agreement if you electronically or manually sign a separate document
that says you agree to this agreement. Despite the use of any other terminology, your signing this
agreement is your offer to us, not your acceptance of an offer from us.
Section 1.4 What are you personally confirming to us by signing this agreement?
By signing this agreement in any manner, you personally confirm to us that the company, partnership,
association, government agency, or other organization identified either on the registration page that
you completed or in a document saying that you agree to this agreement:
is validly organized, existing, and in good standing with its jurisdiction of organization;
is a legitimate business, non-profit, or government organization;
has the power to enter into this agreement;
is not entitled to sovereign or governmental immunity from suit or liability related to this
agreement;
does not violate any law or any organizational charter, bylaws, or similar documents by entering
this agreement;
is not the subject of any bankruptcy, insolvency, conservatorship, or similar proceeding known to
it;
has received all necessary organizational and governmental authorizations needed to enter into this
agreement and make it binding; and
has given you personally the actual authority to sign this agreement on its behalf.
Section 1.5 What is really important in this agreement?
We believe that every word of this agreement is important. Although it is long, we put considerable
effort into eliminating legalese, so that you can understand all of it. But the law might require us to
bring some parts to your attention more than other parts. You should make sure you read them. They are:
Section 1.7: What are your rights related to electronically
signing this agreement?
Section 1.10: What else is included in this agreement?
Section 3.4: Will we give you a refund?
Section 3.8: What additional terms apply to pre-paid plans?
Section 6.2: Do we make any warranties?
Section 6.3: Against what claims do you agree to protect us and
our associates?
Section 6.5: How does this agreement limit our liability?
Section 6.7: Where may either you or we sue the other?
Section 1.6 How do we agree to this agreement?
We agree to this agreement if, after we receive your signature, we:
Send you any email or other communication saying we accepted or agreed to this agreement;
Send you a username or password for your use in ordering services from us;
Send you any information from your use of our services; or
Take any action that shows our intent to sign this agreement electronically.
Despite the use of any other terminology, our signing this agreement is not our offer to you, but is our
acceptance of your offer to us.
Section 1.7 What are your rights related to electronically signing this agreement?
By electronically signing this agreement, you consent that we may send you information having
to do with our website or our services electronically (such as on our website or through email),
instead of on paper or by mail. For example, your consent applies to all information that any
law requires us to give you in writing or by mail. We need not give you any information in paper
or other non-electronic form. You may withdraw your consent, but only by closing your account
with us as described in section 9.8 and providing us an
address to which we may send notices. You may update the information we use to send you
information electronically as described in section
9.1.
Section 1.8 How may we change this agreement?
We may propose to change this agreement by posting a replacement on our website and giving you notice
that we have done so. You agree to the changed agreement on the earlier of (a) 30 days after we give you
notice that the changed agreement has been posted, unless you close your account before then as
described in section 4.8 or (b) when you agree to the new agreement
as described in section 1.3. We may also discontinue your access to
our services until you confirm that you have agreed to the changed agreement.
Section 1.9 To what else do you agree under this agreement?
Our website requires a username and password for individuals and systems acting on your behalf ("Users") to order services from us. If you registered your account online, your
first User is the person who registered the account. If you registered in any other way, your first User
is the one that we initially register at the direction of your people who were working with our people.
Our website allows certain of your Users ("Administrators") to add
Users. Your first User is automatically an Administrator. Every Administrator can make any other User be
an Administrator. We may also add Users that you designate in writing.
If you interface any of your computer systems with our computer systems, one or more of your Users may be
a system that interfaces with our systems to place orders for and receive results of our services. But
you agree to associate an email address for that user to which we may send notices and to actually read
any notices we send to that email address. Our interface specifications determine the meaning of any
communication between your systems and our systems through an interface.
Our systems require your Users to certify facts to us (including the use that you will make of
information that you receive from us) and make promises to us (including that you will not use certain
information in violation of certain laws). You hereby appoint your Users (including Users that are
automated systems) as your agents to make those certifications and promises on your behalf and to accept
changes to this agreement under section 1.8 on your behalf. You
agree to ensure that all certifications that your Users make to our systems are true when made. You
agree to ensure that you fulfill all promises and certifications that your Users make to our systems.
Section 1.10 What else is included in this agreement?
Except for any price list identified in section 1.2 and
any additional certifications or promises you make under section
1.9, this agreement (including the Terms of Service
except to the extent section 1.2 excludes them and including
the relevant Report Certifications) is the entire and final
agreement between you and us relating to us providing services to you. It replaces
every prior or contemporaneous, oral or written communication, understanding, or agreement between you
and us that relates to us providing services to you. This agreement is not to be explained,
supplemented, or qualified by evidence of a prior course of dealings.
Article 2 Terms about laws with which you must comply
Section 2.1 How are you responsible for compliance with law?
Various laws apply to the information we provide to you through our services (that information being the
"Reports"), usually for the purpose of protecting the person that each
Report concerns (that person being the "Subject"). You agree to comply
with all applicable law. You agree to ensure that no agreement, government order, or law binding you
would prohibit our reporting to you. You confirm that you have independently educated yourself about
your duties under applicable law. We are not a law firm. We do not provide legal advice. We do not act
as your legal counsel. We advise you to assure your compliance with law by involving your own legal
counsel. You confirm that you are not relying on us to ensure that you are complying with applicable
law. You acknowledge that we are relying, for our compliance with law, on you performing your duties
under this agreement. You agree to promptly notify us of any lawsuit or government investigation against
you that involves any Report we provided you.
Section 2.2 What are your duties related to consumer reporting laws?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act, regulations issued under it, and similar state laws (collectively, the
"FCRA") regulate most of the information that we provide in our Reports and that bears on a Subject's creditworthiness, credit standing, credit capacity, character,
general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living (that information being "Consumer Reporting Information"). For example, criminal history is typically
Consumer Reporting Information. The FCRA more intensively regulates our Reports in which we obtain Consumer Reporting Information by interviewing
someone, which are called "investigative consumer reports." The federal FCRA statute begins at 15 U.S.C. § 1681 (available at
https://www.ftc.gov/enforcement/rules/rulemaking-regulatory-reform-proceedings/fair-credit-reporting-act);
most federal regulations begin at 12
C.F.R. part 1022 (available at
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/browse/collectionCfr.action?collectionCode=CFR). The FCRA requires us to get
you to agree to or certify certain things. It also requires you to do certain things and prohibits you
from doing others.
You confirm that we have provided you and you have read the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "Notice to Users of
Consumer Reports: Obligation of Users under the FCRA" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Obligations-of-Users.pdf), which appears at 12 C.F.R. part 1022
appendix N and which explains many of your duties under the FCRA. You confirm that we have provided you
and you have read the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "A Summary of Your
Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf) (the "Summary
of Rights"), which appears at 12 C.F.R. part 1022 appendix K and which explains to the Subject many of the Subject's rights under the FCRA.
You acknowledge that obtaining information about a Subject
from us under false pretenses is a federal crime. In addition to the FCRA, many state laws also regulate
the Consumer Reporting Information that we provide in our Reports.
Section 2.3 What are your duties based on what you will do with the Report?
Your duties under this agreement, the FCRA, other federal
laws, and many state laws and our duties under our agreements with our information suppliers, the FCRA, other federal laws, and many state laws depend on
(a) whether you will resell our Report and, if so, to
whom (your "Resale Intent"), (b) the purpose for which the End-user (which is you if you will not resell the Report) will use the Report (the "End-user Purpose"),
and (c) for certain Resale Intents, the procedures you will ensure are used to process public-record
information that you receive from us (your "Procedure"). Our
systems allow your Users to select the Resale Intent,
End-user Purpose, and (if applicable) Procedure for which you obtain Reports from us through our website. For Reports ordered through a system-to-system interface, our systems allow
you to provide a Resale Intent, End-User Purpose, and (if applicable) Procedure within each
transaction sent through the interface and to supply us defaults values for Resale Intent, End-User
Purpose, and (if applicable) Procedure, on which we may rely whenever your transaction lacks one of
more of those values. By your User selecting a Resale
Intent, End-user Purpose, and (if applicable) Procedure for a Report, you confirm that your Resale Intent, End-user Purpose, and (if
applicable) Procedure are those selected, make and agree to our additional Report Certifications that apply to the selected Resale Intent (including
variation based on Procedure, if applicable) and End-user Purpose, agree not to resell the Report except as your Resale Intent permits, and agree
to prevent the use of the Report except as your End-user
Purpose permits. You agree to inform us in writing if your selected Resale Intent, End-user Purpose,
or (if applicable) Procedure changes by informing us of your new Resale Intent and End-user Purpose
in the same manner as described above. The Resale Intents, End-user Purposes, and (if applicable)
Procedures from which you may be able to select, and the additional terms that apply to your
purchases for those Resale Intents, End-user Purposes, and (if applicable) Procedures, are set out
below, although we do not allow every possible combination of Resale Intent, End-User Purpose, and
Procedure and you may not qualify for every Resale Intent, End-user Purpose, or Procedure.
Section 2.4 What are the Resale Intents for which you might order or use Reports?
The possible Resale Intents are set out below. You
agree not to order any Report for any Resale Intent not described below.
"No Resale" means that you will not resell the Report, and will be the End-user of the Report. You make and agree to the Report Certification for Resale Intent of No Resale for Reports ordered or received for this Resale Intent.
"CRA Resale" means that you will not be the End-user of the Report, but that you are a consumer reporting agency and will
use information from the Report in preparing
your own report to the End-user. You make
and agree to the Report Certification for Resale Intent
of CRA Resale for Reports ordered or
received for this Resale Intent.
"Conduit Resale" means that you will not be the
End-user of the Report and are not a consumer reporting agency, but will
resell the Report to a single organization
located in the United States that is a "consumer reporting agency" under the FCRA (your "Customer"), who will use information from the Report in preparing its own report to the End-user. You make and agree to the Report Certification for Resale Intent of Conduit
Resale for Reports ordered or
received for this Resale Intent.
"Non-CRA Resale" means that you will not be the
End-user of the Report and are not a consumer reporting agency, but will
resell the Report to the End-user. You make and agree to the Report Certification for Resale Intent of Non-CRA
Resale for Reports ordered or
received for this Resale Intent.
"End-user" has the meaning assigned in the Resale Intent you certified.
Section 2.5 What are the End-user Purposes for which you may order or use Reports?
The possible End-user Purposes are the
following, where the End-user is either you (if
your Resale Intent is No Resale) or whoever is the End-user of the report you provide (if your Resale Intent is anything other than No Resale). You agree not to order any Report for any End-user Purpose not described below.
"Employment-Related Screening"
means that the End-user will use the report
it receives for "employment purposes" under the FCRA (but either is not considering the subject of that
report as an applicant for a regulated trucking position or has interacted with the
subject in some way other than mail, phone, computer, or similar means). The Report Certification for End-User Purpose of
Employment-Related Screening applies to Reports ordered or received for this End-user Purpose.
"Trucking " means that the End-user (1) will use the report it receives for "employment
purposes" under the Fair Credit Reporting Act; (2) is considering the subject of that
report as an applicant for a regulated trucking position; and (3) has only interacted
with the subject mail, phone, computer, or similar means. The Report Certification for End-User Purpose of Trucking applies to
Reports ordered or received for this End-user Purpose.
"Volunteer Screening" means that the End-user will use the report it receives
for screening the subject of that report in connection with a current or prospective
unpaid volunteer. The Report Certification for End-User
Purpose of Volunteer Screening applies to Reports ordered or received for this End-user Purpose.
"Tenant Screening" means that the End-user will use the report it receives
for screening the subject of that report in connection with a current or prospective
housing tenancy. The Report Certification for End-User
Purpose of Tenant Screening applies to Reports ordered or received for this End-user Purpose.
"Non-Tenant Credit" means that the End-user will use the report it receives
to evaluate the subject of that report for credit to be used primarily for personal,
family, or household purposes. The Report Certification
for End-User Purpose of Non-Tenant Credit applies to Reports ordered or received for this End-user Purpose.
"Insurance Underwriting" means that the
End-user will use the report it receives in
connection with the underwriting of insurance involving and initiated by the subject of
that report. The Report Certification for End-User
Purpose of Insurance Underwriting applies to Reports ordered or received for this End-user Purpose.
"Government License or Benefit"
means that the End-user will use the report
it receives in connection with a determination of the eligibility of the subject of that
report for a license or other benefit granted by a governmental instrumentality required
by law to consider an applicant's financial responsibility or status. The Report Certification for End-User Purpose of
Government License or Benefit applies to Reports ordered or received for this End-user Purpose.
"Other Consumer-Initiated
Transaction" means that the End-user will use the report it receives for some other
legitimate business transaction initiated by the subject of the report. The Report Certification for End-User Purpose of Other
Consumer-Initiated Transaction applies to Reports ordered or received for this End-user Purpose.
"Other Written Consent" means that the End-user will use the report it receives
in accordance with the written instructions of the subject of the report. The Report Certification for End-User Purpose of Other
Written Consent applies to Reports
ordered or received for this End-user
Purpose.
"Employee Misconduct
Investigation" means that the End-user will use the report it receives to investigate a
current employee who is the subject of that report, based on individualized suspicion
about either (1) misconduct relating to employment or (2) non-compliance with law, the
rules of a self-regulatory organization, or the End-user's pre-existing, written policies as an employer. The
Report Certification for End-User Purpose of Employee
Misconduct Investigation applies to Reports ordered or received for this End-user Purpose.
"Non-FCRA" means that the End-user will use the report it receives so that report is
not regulated by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. The Report Certification for End-User Purpose of Non-FCRA applies to
Reports ordered or received for this End-user Purpose.
Section 2.6 What are the Procedures with which you may order or use Reports when
you order for a Resale Intent of CRA Resale or Conduit Resale?
The Procedures are set out below. These apply
only when you order or receive a Report for a Resale Intent of CRA Resale or Conduit Resale.
"Research" means that you (if your Resale Intent is CRA Resale) or your Customer (if your Resale Intent is Conduit Resale) will use Public-Record Database Search information we
provide only to decide where to conduct a traditional search of public records and will
assure that all reported information is accurate, complete, up-to-date, matching, not
obsolete, not duplicated, and not misleading.
"Validate" means that you (if your Resale Intent is CRA Resale) or your Customer (if your Resale Intent is Conduit Resale) will confirm (using
a traditional search of public records) all Public-Record Database Search information that we provide
before including it in reports to End-users
and will assure that all reported information is accurate, complete, up-to-date,
matching, not obsolete, not duplicated, and not misleading.
"Assure" means that you (if your Resale Intent is CRA Resale) or your Customer (if your Resale Intent is Conduit Resale) will review all Public-Record Database Search that we provide
to assure that it is complete before including it in reports to End-users; will, for incomplete information, report only
complete and up-to-date information obtained through a traditional search of public
records before including it in reports to End-users; and will assure that all reported information is
accurate, complete, matching, not obsolete, not duplicated, and not misleading.
"Match" means that you (if your Resale Intent is CRA Resale) or your Customer (if your Resale Intent is Conduit Resale) will assure that all reported information is
matching, not duplicated, and not misleading.
"Restrict" means that you (if your Resale Intent is CRA Resale) or your Customer (if your Resale Intent is Conduit Resale will assure that all
reported information is not duplicated and not misleading.
Each Procedure set out above also has an
analogous Procedure that ends with "& Notify." Each analogous Procedure has the same meaning as the underlying Procedure, with the additional requirement
that you (if your Resale Intent is CRA Resale) or your Customer (if your Resale Intent is Conduit Resale) will notify the Subjects when reporting public records about them.
Our system includes various features that we may use to remove records from the Report based on your Procedure.
Section 2.7 What additional terms apply based on the services included in our
Report?
Some services included in our Reports have
different or additional terms, which are set out within the Report Certifications for Resale Intent, set out below in this section 2.7, or both. Those
terms only apply to the extent that we provide you those services. These services are the
following:
"Adverse-Action Notices" is the service
of using reasonable efforts to send one or more pre-configured emails when you inform us
of events based on a
Report
that would
trigger those emails. We only make Adverse-Action Notices available under our
Report Certifications for Resale Intent of
No Resale.
"Death Master File" is the service of
providing a warning if the social security number if listed in the limited access death
master file maintained by the Social Security Administration. For Death Master File
information that we provide you in a Report,
you:
affirm that you have a legitimate fraud-prevention interest in obtaining that
information or have a legitimate business purpose pursuant to a law,
governmental rule, regulation, or fiduciary duty, which (in either case) is
confirming that the Subject is not
committing identity fraud by providing a deceased individual's a social security
number;
affirm that you have systems, facilities, and procedures in place to safeguard
that information and have experience in maintaining the confidentiality,
security, and appropriate use of that information, both under requirements
reasonably similar to those in section
4.12;
agree to satisfy the terms of section 4.12;
agree not to disclose that information to any person other than a person who
meets the requirements of these certifications related to Death Master File
information;
agree not to disclose that information to any person who uses the information
for any purpose other than a legitimate fraud-prevention interest or a
legitimate business purpose pursuant to a law, governmental rule, regulation, or
fiduciary duty;
agree not to disclose that information to any person who further discloses the
information to any person other than a person who meets the requirements of
these certifications related to Death Master File information; and
agree not to use that information for any purpose other than a legitimate
fraud-prevention interest or a legitimate business purpose pursuant to a law,
governmental rule, regulation, or fiduciary duty.
"Driving Records" is the service of providing
information from driving records (commonly known as motor vehicle reports) to the extent
available from a state’s department of motor vehicles. Terms related to Driving Records
are set out in the Report Certifications that apply to
your Resale Intent.
"Name and Address History" is the
service of providing names and addresses associated with a social security number. Name
and Address History appears in the US OneTRACE product and the AliasSEARCH and
AliasVERIFY product families. Terms related to Name and Address History are set out in
the Report Certifications for your Resale Intent. Information from Driving Records may appear in Name
and Address History; therefore, terms set out in the Report
Certifications for your Resale
Intent that relate to Driving
Records also apply to Name and Address History.
"Public-Records Database Search" is the service of using
reasonable efforts to search our proprietary database of public-records information and
report information found that satisfies our standards for matching, obsolescence,
completeness, and currency. Those standards are based on your Resale Intent, End-user Purpose, and (if applicable) Procedure. You acknowledge that, in the absence of
information needed to apply those standards, we may decline to report information. This
may include information that a Public-Records Traditional Search would provide.
"Public-Records Traditional Search" is the service of using
reasonable efforts to search a repository of records maintained by or for a government
agency (such as a court) and report information found that satisfies our standards for
matching, obsolescence, completeness, and currency. Those standards are based on your Resale Intent, End-user Purpose, and (if
applicable) Procedure.
"Scoring" is the service of using reasonable efforts to
assign a score to Consumer Reporting Information
in a
Report
based on criteria provided to
us and that we determine we are capable of applying without using discretion. We only
make Scoring available under our
Report
Certifications for Resale Intent of No Resale.
"Self-order" is the service of using reasonable
efforts to provide you with the ability to electronically invite proposed Subjects to order their own background
checks and provide your invited Subjects
with the abilities to provide identifying information, acknowledge disclosures and other
forms, make authorizations and consents, and (where permitted and at your option) pay
for their own background checks. We only make Self-order available under our
Report Certifications for Resale Intent of
No Resale.
Section 2.8 What must you do before relying on our Report?
You agree, when you receive a Report from us, to
use common sense and all information that you have to independently confirm that the
information in the Report actually relates to the
Subject. You agree not to take any adverse
action based on the Report if you have any doubt
that the information in the Report actually
relates to the Subject. You agree not to rely on
the fact that we have provided you the information in the Report to eliminate any such doubt.
Section 2.9 What must you not do with our Report, regardless of your purpose?
You agree not to copy, distribute, disclose, publish, or use any Report (or any information in a Report) except the following two sentences allow. You may
distribute the Report to the Subject, use the Report internally in a single use (but subsequent explanation or
justification of that use is not a separate use), and use and disclose the Report as required by law. Additionally, if you
order the Report for a Resale Intent of CRA
Resale, you may disclose the Report or
information from the Report to the End-user; or, if you order the Report for a Resale Intent of Conduit Resale, you may disclose the Report (without change or addition) to a consumer reporting
agency who provides the Report or information
from the Report to the End-user; or, if you order the Report for a Resale
Intent of Non-CRA Resale, you may
disclose the Report (without change or addition)
to the End-user. If you provide the services of
your employees on assignment to your customers, you agree not to provide Reports to your customers, but you may express your decision
based on the Reports.
You agree not to maintain a database that includes information from the Report and that you (or anyone else) use to produce new "consumer
reports" as defined in the FCRA, except as the
following two sentences permit. If you order the Report for a Resale
Intent of CRA Resale, you may either
provide the Report to the End-user as your own report or use information from the Report to create a single new consumer report
that you provide to the End-user. If you order
the Report for a Resale Intent of Conduit Resale, your customer that is a consumer reporting agency
may either provide the Report to the End-user as its own report or use information
from the Report to create a single new consumer
report that its provides to the End-user.
You agree not to use information from the Report
for any purpose other than a legitimate business purpose. You agree not to use any
information from the Report for any unsolicited
communication (including phone call, text message, mail, email, or fax) other than
communications required by law. You agree not to use any information in the Report to blackmail, harass, or humiliate anyone
else.
Section 2.10 What additional terms apply if you enroll under a VendorSafe
program?
This section 2.10 applies if you register with us under a VendorSafe program. Another
organization sponsors the program to provide that organization with assurance about the
quality of the background check that you are performing. We identify the sponsor to you on a
custom landing page or during the registration process. You acknowledge that you know the
identity of the sponsor. You confirm that you are (or are trying to become) a vendor to the
sponsor. You acknowledge that we will provide information to that sponsor, which may include
an indication that you performed a background check on a Subject, what services you ordered as part of that background
check, a score based on the sponsor’s instructions for Scoring, and the full detail of the resulting Report. If your sponsor’s VendorSafe program includes Scoring, you agree to make yourself aware
(before ordering the Report) of the instructions
for that Scoring. By ordering a Report subject to that Scoring, you adopt those instructions as your own. You agree to
fulfill the obligations under the certifications applicable to your Resale Intent and End-user Purpose for yourself, the
sponsor, and us. For example, if your Resale
Intent is No Resale and your End-user Purpose is Employment-Related
Screening, you agree to make the pre-report disclosure that the Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Employment-Related
Screening requires on both your own behalf and on behalf of the sponsor. In
addition, if you personally are the Subject (for
example, if you are ordering a Report on yourself
for your company to provide to a sponsor), you personally confirm that the obligations
applicable to your company's and sponsor's Report
Certification for End-user Purpose of Employment-Related Screening have been
fulfilled for both your company and your sponsor.
Section 2.11 What additional terms apply if you sponsor a VendorSafe program?
This section 2.11 applies if you sponsor a VendorSafe program. The program allows you to
enable organizations who supply (or want to supply) goods or services to you to run the
background checks on their employees that you specify for a price that you and we agree
upon. Despite any other terms in this agreement, you are not responsible for paying for any
services that your vendors order. As part of this program, we will create for you a custom
landing page on which we will place mutually agreed information. We will provide you with
the web address for that custom landing page. You agree to distribute that web address only
to organizations that are (or that you want to be) your vendors. If one of your vendors
orders a Report from us and you will receive
either access to a Report or a score based on
your instructions for Scoring, then you also
make the certifications for your vendor's Resale Intent and End-user Purpose as if you had ordered the Report yourself for the same Resale Intent and End-user Purpose. But we acknowledge that you may fulfill many of
your duties under those certifications through your vendor's actions as described in section 2.10.
Section 2.12 What additional terms apply if you enroll under a SelectCheck
program?
This section 2.12 applies if you register with us under a SelectCheck program. An
organization sponsors the Program to provide it with assurance about the quality of the
background check that you are performing on yourself personally. We identify the sponsor to
you on a custom landing page or during the registration process. You acknowledge that you
know the identity of the sponsor. You confirm that you are (or are trying to become) a
volunteer for or a member of the sponsor and that you are not (and are not trying to become)
an employee, contractor, or agent for the sponsor (or any other position or status related
to the production of income). You acknowledge that we will provide information to that
sponsor, which may include an indication that you performed a background check on yourself,
what services you ordered as part of that background check, a score based on the sponsor’s
instructions for Scoring, and the full detail of
the resulting Report. You instruct us to prepare
a Report about you based on your selections on
our website and provide whatever information from or about our Report that the sponsor requests. You acknowledge that the
sponsor may obtain an investigative consumer report that will include information on your
character, general reputation, personal characteristics, and mode of living. You acknowledge
receiving and reading the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "A Summary
of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf). You acknowledge that you have the
right to obtain a complete and accurate disclosure of the scope and nature of the
investigation we perform.
Section 2.13 What additional terms apply if you sponsor a SelectCheck program?
This section 2.13 applies if you sponsor a SelectCheck program. The program allows you to
enable individuals who are (or want to be) volunteers for or members of your organization
but are not (and are not trying to become) your employees, contractors, or agents (or any
other position or status related to the production of income) to run (on themselves) the
background checks that you specify for a price that you and we agree upon. Despite any other
terms in this agreement, you are not responsible for paying for any services that these
individuals order on themselves. As part of this program, we will create for you a custom
landing page on which we will place mutually agreed information. We will provide you the web
address for that custom landing page. You agree to distribute that web address only to
individuals that are (or that you want to be) your volunteers or members. If one of your
volunteers or members orders a Report from us and
you will receive either access to a Report or a
score based on the sponsor’s instructions for Scoring , you make the Report
Certifications for Resale Intent of No Resale and either the Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Volunteer Screening for
current or prospective volunteers or the Report
Certification for End-User Purpose of Other Written Consent for current or
prospective members, as if you had ordered the Report with Certifications.
Section 2.14 What other documents must you provide us?
For certain services, as a condition to providing the services, (a) you must complete and
sign additional contracts and other forms that law or our suppliers require and (b) any
agency or supplier that requires that it approve those contracts or forms must provide the
required approval. Two examples follow: For motor vehicle records, our supplier of those
records may require you to enter into separate contracts with the supplier and with states
that require such a contract; the primary purpose of those contracts is to limit the use of
those records. For credit records, credit bureaus may require you to complete an
application, a letter stating your intended use, and a site survey that attempts to verify
that you are legitimate; those credit bureaus may also require that they approve your
application before services can begin. You are not promising to sign those agreements, but
we cannot provide certain services until you do so. Our obligation to provide any service
requiring any such agreements or forms is conditioned on your compliance with them.
Section 2.15 What promises do you make about our audits of your use of our
services?
We may audit your use of our services. You agree to cooperate with any audit, including by
hosting the audit at your facility during normal business hours. We agree to give you
reasonable notice of any audit that requires your cooperation. We agree to provide you
advance notice of any audit that we conduct for our own purposes and that requires your
participation. If we require you to host the audit at your facility, the notice will be at
least 21 days in advance; otherwise it will be at least 7 days in advance. We may shorten
the notice period if we are auditing your use of our services in response to an audit,
complaint, or investigation by any of our suppliers, any government agency, any Better
Business Bureau or similar organization, or any Subject.
Section 2.16 What promises do you make about record retention?
You agree to adopt a record retention program that results in the destruction of all records
containing information we provide you about any Subject (including all Reports) no later than six years from the date we provide you the
information, except to the extent that applicable law (or a contract identified in section 2.14) requires you to retain the information
for a longer time. You agree to retain any document that the Subject signed and that you relied upon as permission to order a
Report from us for at least five years from the
date of the Report. You may suspend destruction
of records in response to actual third-party claims and actual government investigations.
When you destroy these records, you agree to do so securely, in a way that complies with all
applicable laws (including the "disposal rule" found at 16 C.F.R. part 682), and in a way
that prevents you or anyone else from reconstructing the information. You agree to use
reasonable efforts to preserve every record that relates to a third-party claim or
governmental investigation against us if we inform you of the nature of the claim or
investigation and request in writing that you preserve any related records. As used in this
section 2.16, the term "record" means anything that could be discovered in litigation,
including paper records, electronic data, email, and voicemail recordings.
Article 3 Terms about charges you must pay
Section 3.1 What do you agree to pay us for our services?
You agree to pay for all services that we provide you at the prices displayed on our website.
We may change the prices on our website at any time, unless we have agreed not to do so in a
formal, signed writing (and not by email). In addition to those prices, you agree to pay us
amounts that allow us to recover all fees that third-party information sources charge us for
access to information needed to perform the services. Examples of third-party information
source charges include county court fees, state motor vehicle fees, statewide repository
fees, federal court fees, employer clearinghouse fees, and educational institution
clearinghouse fees. You agree that the prices we charge you are net of any taxes or
withholdings for taxes. If you must withhold any amount for taxes, you agree to increase the
amount so that the amount you pay us net of the withholding equals the amount we charged
you.
Section 3.2 Are you responsible for charges incurred because of misuse of your
account?
You agree to pay for all services ordered by anyone using a username and password assigned to
your account, even if someone uses your account without your permission. For example, if we
reset your password and send the new password to your email account and someone steals the
password from your email account, you are responsible for the services that person orders.
Section 3.3 How will we charge you for litigation support?
If we receive any subpoena or other order requiring us to provide you or any third party with
information, documentation, or testimony related to our relationship with you (outside of
any litigation between you and us), you agree to pay us for the personnel time, materials,
and third-party services we use in providing that information, documentation, or testimony.
The amount you will pay per hour of personnel time is 125%, multiplied by the total annual
cost of employing the personnel (including compensation, benefits, and payroll taxes), and
divided by 2000 hours per year. The amount you will pay for materials and third-party
services is 110% of our out-of-pocket cost. The third-party services may include outside
legal representation if we seek a protective order or review documents for compliance with a
protective order, to determine whether any are legally privileged, or to determine whether
the law otherwise prohibits their disclosure. If we receive any third-party payment in
conjunction with the subpoena or order, we agree to credit that amount towards the amount
you must pay us. Each time you agree to this agreement, you pre-authorize us to charge the
most recent credit card you have on file with us for any litigation support.
Section 3.4 Will we give you a refund?
We do not refund any purchases. All of your purchases are final.
Some services that you can order from us will find no results, but you still agree to pay
for those services. For example, if you purchase a county criminal search on a person who
has no criminal record, our service will confirm that the person has no criminal records in
the county we searched; you still have to pay for that search.
Section 3.5 How may you pay us?
You agree to pay by MasterCard, Visa, American Express, or Discover credit card at the time
of your order unless we approve your credit for monthly billing. By providing us with a
credit card number, you give us permission to charge that credit card for all purchases that
you make from us, you confirm that you are authorized to make purchases with that credit
card, you agree to update your card information if it changes, and you agree to abide by the
credit card issuer's agreement. You agree to make all payments in U.S. dollars.
Section 3.6 How may you pay us if we approve you for monthly billing?
This section 3.6 applies only if we approve your credit for monthly billing. We may bill you
for all amounts you owe us in one or more invoices each month. Your monthly billing date
will be the day of the month on which you originally set up your account (but we will change
it to the first if you interface your systems with ours and we will change it to a different
date if you so request in writing). We may deliver any invoice to you electronically. You
agree to pay all amounts you owe us within 15 days after invoice date. Unless we approve
your credit for alternative payment methods, you agree to pay our invoices by MasterCard,
Visa, American Express, or Discover credit card and agree to keep your credit card
information on file with us. By providing us with a credit card number, you give us
permission to charge that credit card for all purchases that you make from us, you confirm
that you are authorized to make purchases with that credit card, you agree to update your
card information if it changes, and you agree to abide by the credit card issuer's
agreement. You agree to pay us a dishonored payment fee of $25 if your payment by credit
card is declined or later reversed.
Section 3.7 How may you pay us if we approve you for alternative payment methods?
This Section 3.7 applies only if we approve your credit for alternative payment methods. You
agree to pay either by (a) sending a check or money order to our address for payment that is
on the invoice, (b) sending a bank draft or wire transfer in compliance with instructions
that our finance department provides you, or (c) a manual credit card transaction on our
website. Your check or money order must draw on an account held at a U.S. bank and must not
have a restrictive endorsement. If you send us a check or money order that violates the
previous sentence, we may (without losing any of our rights) either return it to you or
attempt to deposit it. Any restrictive endorsement on a check or money order that you send
to us is void and we may ignore it. You agree to pay us a dishonored payment fee of $25 for
if any check, bank draft, or money order you send us is not honored.
Section 3.8 What additional terms apply to pre-paid plans?
This section 3.8 applies only if you purchase a pre-paid plan. Generally, pre-paid plans are
monthly, semi-annual, or annual. For monthly plans, you agree to pay for your plan monthly
in advance. For semi-annual and annual plans, you agree to pay for your plan in
(respectively) 6 or 12 equal monthly installments in advance of each month during the plan.
Unless you cancel your plan, it automatically renews on your billing date at or
immediately after the end of your plan. (Normally, your you plan will
end on a billing date, but not necessarily for your first plan and not if your billing date
changes during your plan.) You may cancel a plan as of a renewal date by giving
us written notice more than one month before that renewal date. For
example, if you are on a plan that will renew on June 1, you must give us cancellation
notice no later than April 30. You may email your cancellation notice to
service@backgroundchecks.com. We may provide you with a written form to confirm your
cancellation; your cancellation notice is not effective unless you complete and sign this
form. If your plan renews, we will charge you our then-current fee. If you gave us your
credit card information for payment, we may charge your credit card for the plan renewal
without notifying you. Each time you agree to this agreement, you re-affirm your credit card
pre-authorization for all plans then in effect.
Section 3.9 What do you agree to pay if you do not pay on time?
If you do not pay any amount that you owe us by the time this agreement requires, you agree
to pay us a late fee, interest on the amount owed, and our cost of collection. The late fee
is $10, which we may assess as soon as your payment is late. The interest is 1.5% per month,
beginning with the invoice date (with a partial month counting as a full month), or the
highest rate applicable law permits if that is less. Interest accrues on unpaid late fees
and interest. You agree to reimburse us all amounts that we spend attempting to collect any
amounts that you owe us, including fees we must pay to collection agencies, courts,
attorneys, and expert witnesses.
Section 3.10 Must you pay sales and similar taxes?
Unless you have an applicable exemption, you agree to pay all applicable sales, value-added,
gross-receipts, and similar taxes on services that you purchase from us. Currently, we add
Texas sales tax to all orders for the benefit of a Texas location or billed to a Texas
location. If you have valid Texas sales and use tax permit or otherwise qualify for sales
tax exemption, we have a process for you to request that we exempt your orders from sales
tax. This is a one-time requirement that you will not need to repeat for future orders
unless your business information changes. You should not submit an order with sales tax then
request that we remove the sales tax because this is very difficult for our system to do.
Here is the process:
Download this form (available at
http://www.window.state.tx.us/taxinfo/taxforms/01-3392.pdf), which contains both the
Texas Sales and Use Tax Resale Certificate and the Texas Sales and Use Tax Exemption
Certification.
Complete and sign the appropriate form. If you are unsure which form you should use, the
Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts website has a very helpful frequently asked
questions page about exempting Texas sales tax (available at
http://www.window.state.tx.us/taxinfo/sales/faq_exempt.html).
Clearly print your organization's name along the top of the form so that we are able to
associate the form with your account.
Return the form to us by fax at 803.948.2239.
We are normally able to review requests for tax-exempt status the same business day. Upon
approval, we will retain the completed form in our offices and apply tax-exempt status to
your account. Once your account has tax-exempt status, we will treat all future orders for
your account as tax-exempt until you request otherwise in writing. You agree to inform us
immediately if you lose tax-exempt status. If you change the name (or company name) on your
account, you must download and complete a new form with the updated information and return
it to us so we may update our records.
Article 4 Terms about services we provide
Section 4.1 How may you update your contact information with us?
You may update your contact information with us by logging in and clicking on the "My
Profile" link. You agree to keep this information current.
Section 4.2 What do you promise us about information that you provide us?
By providing us any information about a Subject,
you confirm that you have the right to disclose that information, that we may use and
further disclose it without any limitations, and that the information is accurate, complete,
and up-to-date.
Section 4.3 What must you do if you see an error in our services?
You agree to review everything we give you electronically to check if its transmission
appears to have caused a change or error. If you believe that it did, you agree to contact
our customer services group using the contact information on our website.
Section 4.4 How may we change our services?
We may change or discontinue our services without warning or notice, for any reason. We need
not explain that reason to you.
Section 4.5 How may we give you notice?
We may give you notice by placing the notice on our website in a manner that requires your Administrators to see it when logging in
or by sending an email to the email address in the registration information for any of your
Administrators. We may also send you a
notice about billing to any of the email addresses listed as billing contacts for your
account on our website. Any User may change that User's email address for notice, but only by
changing the email address in that User's
registration information. Any Administrator may change any of your Users' email addresses for notice, but only by changing the email
address in that User's registration information.
Any Administrator may change your billing
contacts, but only by changing that information in your registration information. If we send
an email notice to any of those email addresses, that notice is effective even if you never
receive it and even if we find out that you never received it. (For example, our notice is
still effective even if the email address you gave us is wrong, out of date, inaccessible,
or too full to receive more email.)
Section 4.6 How may you transfer this agreement?
If you are a sole proprietorship or an organization, you may transfer this agreement to a
single sole proprietor or organization that succeeds to substantially all of your operations
by way of a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, conversion, sale of substantially all
assets, or similar transaction. You may transfer this agreement to anyone with our manually
signed, written consent. You agree not to otherwise transfer this agreement. If you attempt
to otherwise transfer this agreement, that transfer is void. You agree to notify us of any
transfer and cooperate with our efforts to re-verify your identity, the legitimacy of your
business, and that you will use our Reports for
the Resale Intent, End-user Purpose, and (if applicable)
Procedure you certified.
Section 4.7 How may we close or suspend your account?
We may close or suspend your account at any time. When we do so, we will give you notice. We
will usually suspend your account if we have reason to believe that you are violating this
agreement, violating any applicable law, doing anything that would cause us to violate any
law, failing to respond promptly to an audit, or failing to pay us on time. If we suspend
your account, we will complete (and charge you for) any orders for services that you have
already placed with us; depending on the circumstances, we may suspend your ability to order
Reports, view Reports, or both. When we close your account, we will complete
(and charge you for) any orders for services that you have already placed with us, charge
you for any pre-paid plans through the date on which they would have been cancelled if you
gave notice of cancellation on the date we closed your account, end your ability to order
and view Reports, and end your ability to access
non-public portions of our website. Closing or suspending your account does not terminate
this agreement, so your and our obligations relating to Reports you ordered before we close your account continue
indefinitely after we close your account.
Section 4.8 How may you close your account?
You may close your account with us by sending an email to service@backgroundchecks.com that you
want to close your account, terminate this agreement, or anything similar. When we receive
your notice, we will complete (and charge you for) any orders for services that you have
already placed with us, charge you for any pre-paid plans through the date on which they
would have been cancelled if you had given notice of cancellation on the date we closed your
account, end your ability to order and view Reports, and end your ability to access non-public portions of
our website. Closing your account does not terminate this agreement, so your and our
obligations relating to Reports you ordered
before you close your account continue indefinitely after you close your account.
Section 4.9 What additional terms apply if you interface your systems to ours?
This section 4.9 applies if you interface your systems to ours. You agree to abide by any
instructions in our interface specifications. Although we do not currently require our
customers to stay on the most current version of our interface specifications, you agree to
upgrade to our most current interface specification promptly after our written request.
Section 4.10 What limitations might apply to you based on your business?
Some suppliers of information will not provide information for us to provide to you if you
engage in certain types of business where, in the past, other businesses have been problems
for those suppliers. Examples of these types of business include: adult entertainment, bail
bonding, check cashing, credit counseling, credit repair, dating or match-making, financial
counseling (except housing counseling), genealogical or heir research, insurance claims
management or review, legal representation, locating missing children, massages, operating
out of an unrestricted location within a residence, renting property by an individual (who
is not incorporated), running a pawn shop, spiritual counseling, subscriptions (magazines,
book clubs, record clubs, etc.), tattoos, and third-party repossession. If your business
activity is on this list, the services that we can offer you may be limited, or we may
require additional documentation from you, or our ways of working around these information
suppliers may delay the Reports that we provide
you. If your business activity is on this list, you agree to give us notice by sending an
email to service@backgroundchecks.com.
Section 4.11 What additional terms apply to international services?
This section 4.11 applies to any orders you place for Reports that include information from outside the United States.
For us to be able to provide an international Report, you must provide the following documents (in the form
that we provide to you) for each international Report you request: (a) an international consent that includes
explicit consent to transfer information to the United States, (b) proof of identification,
and (c) any additional forms required to obtain information from specific countries. You
agree to abide by all foreign laws applying to information that we obtain from foreign
jurisdictions and provide to you. If we request, you will complete and sign the standard contractual clauses annexed to European Commission Decision
2004/915/EC (available at
http://www.cnil.fr/fileadmin/documents/approfondir/dossier/international/cct-responsable%20vers%20responsable%202004-en.pdf).
We have no control over or ability to predict the availability of information from
jurisdictions outside the United States. Currently available information for a country might
become unavailable with or without notice. In those cases, we will be unable to provide the
international Report. We cannot provide any
assurance that we will retrieve information outside of the United States within any set
period of time. Therefore, no other statement concerning the timeliness of our services
applies to information from outside the United States.
Section 4.12 What must you do to secure your account and our Reports?
You agree to use security procedures sufficient to protect the confidential nature of the
information that we provide you and the privacy interests that each Subject has in that information. You agree to use reasonable and
appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to protect against
(a) reasonably foreseeable threats and hazards to the confidentiality of that information
and (b) unauthorized access to, use of, control over, or disclosure of that information. You
agree to maintain and follow a written security policy that is sufficient to comply with all
laws related to the protection of personal information that we provide you. You agree to
restrict the ability to order or access a Report
to those of your personnel who need to know the information contained in them. You agree to
ensure that any of your computers from which a person could order or access Report are in a secure location and are locked
or turned off when unattended by those personnel. You agree to secure all stored copies
(whether printed or electronic) of any Report.
You agree not to store any information included in any Report except to the extent required for you to use the Report as this agreement permits. You agree to
protect your account names and passwords so that only your authorized personnel know them.
You agree not to post these credentials anywhere. You agree to ensure that any software that
you use to access our website or system hides your credentials so only specially authorized
personnel can know them. You agree to assign a unique username and password to each user of
any such software. We never ask for credentials by telephone; you agree not to disclose your
credentials by telephone. We may temporarily block access to your account if we have reason
to believe that your credentials are being misused. We may block access to your account from
specific internet protocol addresses if we have reason to believe that use from those
addresses may be unauthorized.
Section 4.13 What must you do if you have a data breach?
You agree to notify us immediately if you have reason to believe that anyone has gotten
unauthorized access to, use of, control over, or disclosure of any information that we
provided to you (unless that information was encrypted and you have no reason to believe
that the decryption key was compromised). You agree to reasonably cooperate with us (and our
information suppliers) in mitigating any resulting damage, including by allowing us (or our
information suppliers) to initiate or participate in an investigation into the causes of the
event and, upon our request, providing a written root-cause analysis of the event, a written
plan to minimize the impact of the event, and a written plan to avoid recurrence of the
event.
Section 4.14 What is our privacy policy?
We maintain a copy of our privacy policy on our website. That privacy policy describes what
we intend to do, but is not a contractual promise. While we intend to try to keep it
current, we do not promise that it is.
Section 4.15 What do you need to use our website or services?
To use our website or our services, you must have a version of Internet Explorer issued
within the past two years installed on a computer with an internet connection. In
particular, you must have that hardware, software, and telecommunications connection to
access a copy of this agreement and other electronic records related to your use of our
website or services. You may be able to use our website or services using other web
browsers, but you may also encounter errors. We may block your use of our website or
services from certain browsers.
Section 4.16 Are we responsible for links to third party websites?
Our website may have links to third party websites. We are not responsible for the content of
third party websites, even if we link to them.
Article 5 Terms about intellectual property rights
Section 5.1 Do either of us grant the other any intellectual property ownership?
We do not grant you ownership of any intellectual property rights. You do not grant us
ownership of any intellectual property rights.
Section 5.2 What copyright license do we grant to you?
We grant you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, permanent license under our copyrights
in each Report that we provide you and each form
that we collect or provide on your behalf to copy, print, and distribute the Report or notice in any way not prohibited by
this agreement or applicable law. We grant you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free
license under our copyrights in the items below to do activities below, but only for the
purpose of ordering and receiving our services and only while you have an active account
with us:
electronically copy, modify, distribute, and print any governmentally promulgated
notices or forms on our website;
electronically copy, modify, distribute, and print any sample forms, notices, or
policies on our website;
electronically copy our website within your web browser as absolutely necessary to make
ordinary use of our website;
electronically copy and print any interface specifications that we provide you as
reasonably necessary to assist in interfacing your systems with ours; and
electronically copy and print any training materials that we provide to you as
reasonably necessary to train your own personnel.
Section 5.3 What trademarks and notices must you retain on the Reports?
Unless you order a Report for a Resale Intent of CRA Resale or Conduit Resale or
Non-CRA Resale, you agree to retain whatever trademarks and proprietary notices we
place on the Report.
Section 5.4 What information is confidential?
You agree to keep confidential all non-public information that we provide to you about our
services, including our non-public prices, our interface specifications, our product plans,
our list of sources in our database, and the details of how our website and other systems
work (but excluding our Report, which section 2.9 covers). You may use this information only
as required to use our services. You may disclose this information to your affiliates,
personnel, and contractors who have a need to know the information and have legally
enforceable duties not to use the information except in your service and not to further
disclose the information. You agree to ensure that any person to whom you disclose any of
this information does not use it in any manner that we do not expressly permit you to use
it.
Article 6 Terms about legal liability
Section 6.1 Is information we provide true?
You acknowledge that, when we provide you information based on a third party's records
(including court, credit, criminal, driving, educational, and employment records), we are
only saying that we believe that the third party's records had that information at the time
obtained the information from those records. We are not saying that the information from
those records is true. For example, court records can be incorrect. You acknowledge that,
when we provide you information based on our interview of a third party (including reference
checks), we are only saying that the third party told us the information that we provide
you. We are not saying that the information is true. For example, information from a
reference can be incorrect.
Section 6.2 How comprehensive are our Reports?
Our services have important limitations in scope. You agree to fully educate yourself about
the limitations on our services before ordering them. Among other things, our services are
limited as follows:
All of our services use information identifying the Subject that you supply. Our ability to detect false
identifying information is very limited. In particular, our assertion that a social
security number is valid (or our failure to assert that it is invalid) only means that
the number is one that the Social Security Administration could have issued. It does not
mean that it is actually valid or that it was actually issued to the Subject. We therefore advise you to use
other methods, such as physically checking governmentally issued identification against
the information you submit to us. For employers, a good point to cross-check this
information is during the completion of a Form I-9, since you have to review
identification then anyway.
The FCRA prohibits us from reporting adverse
information that is over seven years old. While there is an exception for convictions of
crimes at the federal level, many states still limit reporting of convictions to seven
years. Additionally, some states prohibit us from reporting non-conviction criminal
history other than convictions or non-criminal offenses.
The FCRA prohibits us from reporting
information unless have reasonable procedures to assure maximum possible accuracy in our
determination that it is about the Subject.
The FCRA prohibits us from reporting
information unless we have reasonable procedures to assure maximum possible accuracy in
the information we are reporting, which some courts and regulatory agencies have said
includes a level of assurance that the information is complete and up-to-date.
If you buy our Public-Records Database Search
for a Resale Intent of No Resale or Non-CRA Resale, our systems will remove offenses from our
report when our database does not contain sufficient information to make the regulatory
determinations noted above. This includes when the database lacks enough information to
determine the degree, disposition, and age of an offense; whether the record is about
the Subject; and whether the record is
sufficiently complete and up-to-date. If you buy a Public-Records Traditional Search, we can obtain that
information and make the determinations that could permit us to report the offense.
Services that search for public records are generally limited to a specific geography
that you select, such as named counties or districts. Many organizations conduct Public-Records Traditional Searches in
geographies based on either or both of a Name and Address History or a Public-Records Database Search, but neither of those services
is truly comprehensive.
Services that verify privately held information (like employment and education
verifications) are limited to the entities that you or your Subject identify for us.
Some government agencies intentionally limit the information that they provide. For
example, some statewide criminal history repositories (such as administrative courts
offices or state police agencies) intentionally limit the types and ages of records that
they make available.
Most states have procedures that Subjects
can use to expunge or seal their criminal history. We do not intentionally report
expunged or sealed records.
Most jurisdictions have procedures that handle juvenile offenders differently from other
offenders. We do not intentionally report records from the juvenile justice systems,
although we may report records of juveniles tried as adults.
Section 6.3 Do we make any warranties?
We make no warranties. Without limiting the foregoing general disclaimer, we
disclaim all warranties (a) of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
workmanlike performance, and accuracy; (b) that arise from course of dealing, course
of performance, or usage of trade; or (c) that our performance or anything that we
provide is free of errors or operates without interruption. You confirm that you are
not entering this agreement on the basis of any warranty outside of this agreement.
You acknowledge that these disclaimers are an integral part of an agreement in which
you and we have actively and intentionally allocated risk and that we would not
provide you the services if you did not accept these disclaimers. These disclaimers
apply even if any remedy fails of its essential purpose due to these
disclaimers.
Section 6.4 Against what claims do you agree to protect us and our associates?
The terms "Indemnify" and "Associate" and "Claim" are defined below. You agree to
Indemnify us and each Associate against every Claim. You agree not to sue any of our
Associates based on anything that Associate does on our behalf or based on any
service or Report that you request from
us or we provide you. You agree to Indemnify even if our negligence, our Associate's
negligence, or our breach of this agreement also causes the Claim.
"Indemnify" means promptly reimburse, or directly pay, the sum of
the reasonable cost of investigating, defending, and negotiating the Claim
(including reasonable attorney's fees, expert witness fees, and court costs);
and
any monetary obligation that is imposed on us or any of our Associates as part
of a settlement of the Claim that you approve, a settlement of the Claim to the
extent that it was reasonable under the circumstances (even if you do not
approve it), or a final judgment on the Claim from which no further appeal is
taken.
"Associate" means:
anyone controlling, controlled by, or under common control with us (our "Affiliates");
anyone who directly or indirectly provides goods, services, or intellectual
property to us or our Affiliate (our "Suppliers"); or
any employee, manager, officer, director, or other individual agent of ours, our
Affiliate, or our Supplier.
"Claim" means any third-party claim (including a government
investigation) arising from:
any decision anyone makes on the basis of a Report;
anyone's use of any information in any Report or service that we provide you;
publication of any information in any Report we provide you to anyone else;
liability under, or breach of, any contract between you and a third party; or
your tort, negligence, violation of this agreement, or violation of law applying
to your operations.
Section 6.5 What rights do third parties get under this agreement?
You and we do not intend to create a right for any third party to enforce this agreement
directly against either party, except for the persons identified in section 6.4, who are intended beneficiaries. To the extent that,
despite that intent, any court finds that a third party (other than one of our Associates)
may enforce this agreement directly, that third party's rights are limited by all the terms,
conditions, and defenses that apply to the party whose rights the third party seeks to
enforce.
Section 6.6 How does this agreement limit our liability?
Even if any exclusive remedy fails of its essential purpose, we are not liable
for:
third-party claims against you or anyone associated with you;
consequential damages (including lost opportunity, profits, use, or
savings), incidental damages (even if advised of their possibility), punitive
damages, or indirect damages;
damages in aggregate that exceed the total fees you paid us under this
agreement during the calendar month for which those fees were the highest (or
$100, if that is higher); or
damages arising from our delay in performing or failure to perform, to the
extent beyond our reasonable control and ability to mitigate (including delay or
failure caused by natural disasters, acts of god, disease, embargoes, organized
labor disputes, riots, terrorism, war, or acts of civil and military
authorities).
Section 6.7 What law applies to this agreement?
The internal laws of the state of Texas, USA govern this agreement and all claims (in
contract, in tort, or otherwise) that relate to this agreement or its negotiation,
execution, performance, or breach, as if this agreement was made and performed between two
residents of the state of Texas entirely within the state of Texas.
Section 6.8 Where may either you or we sue the other?
You consent to the courts for Dallas County, Texas handling any dispute that is
between you and us or any of our Associates and that relates to the services we
provide you or to this agreement. You agree not to sue us or our Associates about
such a dispute in any other courts. This means that, for these
disputes, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the state courts (and,
if federal jurisdiction applies, federal courts) for Dallas County, Texas, and you waive any
assertion that Dallas County, Texas, is an inconvenient forum.
Section 6.9 What happens if part of this agreement is legally unenforceable?
If any part of this agreement or how it applies to any situation is legally unenforceable,
then:
the enforceability of the other parts is not affected;
the enforceability of that part as applied to any other situation is not affected;
each party may enforce that part to the maximum extent possible to effect the intent of
the parties while avoiding the unenforceable aspect; and
the parties hereby reform that part to the extent necessary to make such provision
enforceable.
Section 6.10 How is this agreement to be interpreted?
This agreement is to be interpreted as if written and negotiated jointly by the parties. It
is not to be strictly construed against either party, regardless of the actual drafter of
the agreement. The article and section headings in this agreement are for ease of reference
only and are not intended to affect the meaning or interpretation of this agreement. All
amounts prefaced with the dollar symbol ($) are denominated in U.S. Dollars.
Section 6.11 What is the relationship of the parties?
You and we are independent contractors. Nothing contained in this agreement creates a joint
venture, partnership, employment, or fiduciary relationship between you and us. Each of you
and us has the sole obligation to supervise, manage, direct, and perform its obligations,
except as you and we otherwise agree in writing (other than email). Certain Report Certifications may appointment of either you or us as an
agent; the scope of that agency is limited to the scope stated in the Report Certifications. Neither we nor you have any authority of any
kind to bind the other.
Report Certifications
Report Certification for Resale Intent of No Resale
By ordering or receiving a Report for a Resale Intent of No Resale, you certify the following, with any capitalized terms
used in these certifications but defined in our Terms of
Service having the meaning stated in our Terms of
Service:
You will not resell the Report to anyone
else.
You will be the only End-user of the Report.
If you order Name and Address
History:
You will reproduce, and not remove, any statement in a Report (as displayed on our website) limiting the use
of Name and Address
History information provided in that Report.
You will not make any eligibility decision governed by the FCRA based on any Name and Address
History information provided in a Report.
You will ensure that any Name and Address History information under your
control is not (and never contend or admit that it is) a part of any "consumer
report" or the "file" of a Subject
governed by the FCRA or any similar
state law.
You will not use the Name and Address History information for any purpose
other than for us to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud,
unauthorized transactions, claims, or other liability (which may include you or
us selecting names, jurisdictions, or both names and jurisdictions for which to
obtain information from us or other sources and you or us demonstrating that a
Name and Address
History was obtained before obtaining that other information).
You will comply with the portions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (which is 15
U.S.C. §§ 6801-09), under which the Name and Address
History information is which "non-public personal information" and which
limits further disclosure.
You will not to use any Driving
Record information in a Report for any purpose other than verifying the accuracy
of personal information submitted by the Subject to you (such as the existence of a valid driver's
license or qualifying driving record) and, if that information is not correct, obtaining
the correct information, but only for the purpose of preventing fraud by the Subject.
If you use Self-order:
You acknowledge that you are responsible for the content of all forms that we
present on your behalf, including if you use our standard, sample, or default
forms.
You acknowledge that we have no duty to assure that any forms we provide you are
adequate.
We may, as a condition to a Subject completing forms through Self-order, require
the Subject to electronically sign agreements to do business electronically with
us and to arbitrate any disputes they might have with us.
If you use Scoring:
You agree to provide us clear, objective instructions on how to assign a score
to a Report
that do not require us
to exercise judgment or discretion or to evaluate the Subject holistically. To the extent that any law
might require a process of of discretion, judgment, or holistic evaluation, you
agree to perform the process using the score as one input to the process.
You affirm that your instructions do not violate any law, including those
prohibiting discrimination, prohibiting consideration of specific information,
or requiring consideration of specific information. You acknowledge that we have
no duty to assure that any instructions that you provide us are legal.
You affirm that your instructions are adequate to distinguish between Subjects who do and do not present
the risks that are the reasons for which you obtain Reports. You acknowledge
that we have no duty to assure that any instructions that you provide us are
adequate.
You appoint us as your limited agent to use those instructions to apply a score
to the Report, but you and we both
disclaim and agree not to rely on any duties that either would owe the other
based on that principal-agent relationship (including any fiduciary duties) and
that are not explicitly stated in the written agreement between you and us or in
the Report Certifications applicable to the Report.
You acknowledge that our application of a score (which may include one or more
numbers, letter, flag, or words) is not an eligibility decision about the Report or the Subject, but your action based on or communication of
that score is an eligibility decision.
If you use Adverse-Action
Notices :
You acknowledge that you are responsible for the content of all communications
that we present on your behalf, including if you use our standard, sample, or
default forms of those communications.
You acknowledge that we have no duty to assure that any forms we provide you are
legal.
You appoint us as your limited agent to send those communications on your
behalf, but you and we both disclaim and agree not to rely on any duties that
either would owe the other based on that principal-agent relationship (including
any fiduciary duties) and that are not explicitly stated in the written
agreement between you and us or in the Report
Certifications applicable to the Report.
Report Certification for Resale Intent of CRA Resale
By ordering or receiving a Report for a Resale Intent of CRA Resale, you certify the following. Any capitalized terms used
in these certifications but defined in our Terms of Service
have the meaning stated in our Terms of Service. To fulfill
portions of your certifications, you may rely on the data elements that we provide you in
any Public-Records Traditional Search that
we perform for you being literally accurate as of the date on which we perform the Public-Records Traditional Search.
The End-user is your own customer.
You and we will collaborate in the preparation of a report to your End-user. In this collaboration, we will act as your agent,
but both you and we disclaim and will not rely on any duties that either would owe the
other based on that principal-agent relationship (including any fiduciary duties) and
that are not explicitly stated in the written agreement between you and us or in the Report Certifications applicable to the Report.
You are, and will fulfill all of the obligations of, a "consumer reporting agency" under
the FCRA for the Consumer Reporting Information in the Report. You are not a "reseller" of information from our Report under FCRA§ 603(u) (which is 15 U.S.C.
§ 1681a(u)).
We are, and our obligations are limited to those of, a furnisher of information to a
consumer reporting agency under the FCRA for
the Consumer Reporting Information in in the Report.
You will not process the information in our Report outside of the United States.
You have verified, in a manner that conforms to law and all applicable industry
standards, (1) the identity of the End-user, (2) that the End-user is a legitimate business, non-profit, government, or
other organization, and (3) that the individual with whom you are working actually
represents that End-user.
We have provided you, and you have provided the End-user, with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "Notice to Users of Consumer Reports: Obligation of Users under the
FCRA" (available at http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Obligations-of-Users.pdf),
which appears at12 C.F.R. part 1022 appendix N, and "A
Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf), which appears at 12 C.F.R.
part 1022 appendix K.
You have provided us a copy of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "Notice to Furnishers of Information" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Obligations-of-Furnishers.pdf), which appears at 12
C.F.R. part 1022 appendix M.
You will (and have obtained your End-user's
agreement to) not process, use, or disclose any information in our Report other than in the ordinary course of business;
You will (and have obtained your End-user's
agreement to):
reproduce, and not remove, any statement in a Report (as displayed on our website) limiting the use
of Name and Address
History information provided in that Report, to the extent that you include that
information in your report to the End-user;
not make any eligibility decision governed by the FCRA based on any Name and Address
History information provided in a Report;
ensure that any the Name and Address History information under your
control is not (and not contend or admit that it is) a part of any "consumer
report" or the "file" of any Subject
governed by the FCRA or any similar
state law;
not use the Name and
Address History information for any purpose other than for you to
protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud, unauthorized transactions,
claims, or other liability (which may include you or the End-user selecting names, jurisdictions, or both
names and jurisdictions for which to obtain information from us or other sources
and you or your End-user
demonstrating that a Name and Address History was obtained before
obtaining that other information);
comply with the portions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (which is 15 U.S.C.
§§  6801-09), under which the Name and Address
History information is which "non-public personal information" and which
limits further disclosure.
You will (and have obtained your End-user's
agreement to) not use any Driving
Record information in a Report for any purpose other than verifying the accuracy
of personal information submitted by the Subject to you (such as the existence of a valid driver's
license or qualifying driving record) and, if that information is not correct, obtaining
the correct information, but only for the purpose of preventing fraud by the Subject.
The End-user is not in one of the types of
business listed in section 4.10 of our Terms of Service.
The End-user has certified the purposes for
which it requested the information in your report to the End-user that you have requested from us in the Report and that it would use the information
for no other purposes.
You have verified, in a manner that conforms to all applicable industry standards, that
the End-user will use the information that
is in your report to the End-user and that
you have requested from us in the Report only
for the purposes it certified.
You have no reason for believing that the End-user will use information that is in your report to the
End-user and that you have requested from
us in the Report for any purpose other than
the purposes it certified.
Under a written agreement between you and the End-user, the End-user has requested the type of information that would be
included in the Report.
You will provide information from the Report
to no one but the End-user and the Subject, except as required by law.
A written agreement between you and the End-user prohibits the End-user from giving information from the Report to anyone but the Subject, except as required by law.
If we request in writing, you will audit your End-user in a manner designed to detect any violation of law
or the certifications and agreements made by that End-user, provide us with a written report of your findings,
and require the End-user to promptly
correct any violations detected.
The End-user has made confirmations and
agreements that protect us and the Subject
no less than those in the Report Certification for the
End-user Purpose you certified to
us in connection with the Report.
You have obtained the End-user's
acknowledgement that we may rely on those confirmations and enforce those agreements
directly as an intended third-party beneficiary (although you may refer to us as your
supplier, data source, or similar generic description).
You have recorded the following information for each Report: (1) the name, address, and telephone number of the End-user; (2) the search terms and options
that you submitted to us; (3) the date and time that you submitted the order to us; and
(4) each purpose for which you furnish the Report or information from the Report to the End-user.
To the extent that you do not provide the information in that record to us as part of
your order, you will hold the resulting record, as our agent, for at least three years
after you receive the Report.
You will provide a copy of that record (which we will not use to compete with you)
promptly whenever we request it and immediately before you stop operating as a going
concern.
You will not use the Consumer Reporting
Information in the Report for any
purpose other than to comply with law and to prepare your own report to the End-user as a "consumer report" under the
FCRA for the purpose that the End-user certified to you and for the End-user Purpose that you
certified to us.
In order to allocate responsibilities between you (as the principal) and us (as your
agent) based on the Procedure you
certified:
If you certified to us a Procedure
of Research or Research & Notify or did not certify a Procedure to us, you:
will not include any information copied from the results of our Public-Record Database Search
in any report to an End-user; and
will use information from our public-records database search only to
identify names under which and jurisdictions in which to conduct
traditional searches of public records.
If you certified to us a Procedure
of Validate or Validate & Notify, you will confirm, complete,
and update all information from the results of our Public-Record Database Search with information from
traditional searches of public records before sending the report to the End-user.
If you certified to us a Procedure
of Assure or Assure & Notify, you:
will review all information from the results of our Public-Record Database Search to determine
whether each public record is complete; and
will confirm, complete, and update all such public records that are not
complete with information obtained through a traditional search of
public records before sending the report to the End-user.
If you certified to us a Procedure
of Match, Match & Notify, Restrict, or Restrict & Notify, you will identify (with your
request for a search) the state whose law governs the report.
Unless you certified to us a Procedure of Restrict or Restrict & Notify, you will ensure that all
reported information that we provided relates to the Subject.
If you certified to us a Procedure
of Restrict or Restrict & Notify, you will include (with your
request for a search) a full date of birth and a middle name, if the subject of
the report has one.
If you certified to us a Procedure
of Research, Research & Notify, Validate, Validate & Notify, Assure, or Assure & Notify or you did not certify a Procedure to us, you:
will ensure that the report to the End-user does not include information that we
provided and that applicable law prohibits (including obsolescence
prohibitions); and
will use procedures that comply with applicable law to assure that all
reported information that we provided is accurate, complete, and
up-to-date.
If you certified to us a Procedure
of Research & Notify, Validate & Notify, Assure & Notify, Match & Notify, or Restrict & Notify, you will, if
public record information is in the report to the End-user, notify the subject of the report of the End-user’s identity and that
public-record information is being reported to the End-user, in a manner that at a minimum complies with
FCRA § 613(a)(1) (which is 15
U.S.C. §  1681k(a)(1)) and any other applicable law, on behalf of
every organization contributing public record information to the report, and no
later than the time at which you provide the report to the End-user.
You understand that the information provided by our Public-Record Database Searchwhen configured for a Resale Intent of CRA Resale is not necessarily
complete or up-to-date as required by FRCA § 613(a)(2) (which is 15
U.S.C. § 1681k(a)(2)) or comparable laws. For that reason:
If you certified a Procedure of Assure, Assure & Notify, Match, Match & Notify, Restrict, or Restrict & Notify, we may remove records
from the results of our Public-Record Database Search when we have
reason to believe that they might not reflect the current public-record
status of the underlying public record; and
If you certified a Procedure of Match, Match & Notify, Restrict, or Restrict & Notify, we may remove records
from the results of our Public-Record Database Search when we have
reason to believe that they do not contain all data elements that are
material to eligibility decisions made on those types of records.
If you have not otherwise certified a Procedure (either in a transaction or by provision of
a default value), you hereby certify that your Procedure is Research.
Our website permits you to elect whether we should fulfill Public-Record Database Search under certain
circumstances where the Procedure
that you certified might not be sufficient to fulfill requirements under state
law that public-record information be complete, up-to-date, or received or
verified within some set amount of time. If you elect for us to fulfill those
searches and the report that the End-user receives is subject to the California
Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act, Connecticut General Statutes
§ 31-51i(h), Indiana Code § 24-4-18-7, New York General
Business Law § 380-g, or any other state law requiring information in
your report to the End-user to be
complete, up-to-date, or received or verified within some set amount of time,
you will confirm, complete, and update all information from the results of our
Public-Record Database Search with
information from a traditional search of public records before sending the
report to the End-user.
You will ensure that the information in your report to the End-user that contains Consumer Reporting Information from our Report does not conflict with or misleadingly duplicate any
other information in that report.
You will use reasonable quality-assurance measures, independent of any reliance on us,
to avoid reporting to the End-user any Consumer Reporting Information from our Report that is prohibited from a consumer
report under FCRA §  605 (which is 15
U.S.C. §  1681c) or under any state law that limits the contents of a consumer
report.
You will ensure that your provision of information to the End-user based on the Report otherwise complies with all applicable laws.
You will consistently identify yourself (and not us) as the consumer reporting agency
for any Subject to contact to request a
re-investigation, including any re-investigation of Consumer Reporting Information that you obtained from us in a
Report.
If you receive notice from a Subject or
anyone else disputing Consumer Reporting
Information in a Report:
you will determine whether Consumer
Reporting Information in the Report is incomplete or inaccurate as a result of any
act or omission of yours, within five days of receiving the notice;
you will determine that the Consumer
Reporting Information in the Report is incomplete or inaccurate "as a result of
any act or omission" of yours under this Report Certification, FCRA § 611(f) (which is 15 U.S.C.
§ 1681i(f)), and any comparable statute:
if that information does not relate to the Subject (despite matching the Subject to the degree
required by your order), unless the procedure you certified for the
search was Restrict or Restrict & Notify;
if that information is from an Public-Record Database Search and is missing
the offense, disposition, or (if disposed) disposition date available in
an underlying public record, unless the procedure you selected was Match, Match & Notify, Restrict, or Restrict & Notify;
if that information is from an Public-Record Database Search and is
out-of-date compared to an underlying public record, unless the
procedure you selected was Assure, Assure & Notify, Match, Match & Notify, Restrict, or Restrict & Notify, or
if that information is from an Public-Record Database Search and is no
longer publicly available, unless the procedure you selected was Assure, Assure & Notify, Match, Match & Notify, Restrict, or Restrict & Notify;
if information in the Report is
incomplete or inaccurate as a result of any act or omission of yours, you will
convey the notice and your determination to us within five days of receiving the
notice, reinvestigate the information on behalf of both you and us, correct or
delete the information within 20 days after your receipt of the notice, and
inform us of your resolution of the request for reinvestigation as follows:
if you determine that the record does not relate to the Subject, you will provide
us with the information identifying the record (the record ID number for
Public-Record Database Search)
and the name and social security number of the Subject to whom it does not relate;
if you determine that the record incompletely reflects the information
in the underlying public record, you will provide us with the
information identifying the record (the record ID number for Public-Record Database
Search), the identity of the missing data elements, and the data
for each of those elements;
if you determine that the record has information that is not the same as
the information in the underlying public record, you will provide us
with the information identifying the record (the record ID number for Public-Record Database
Search), the identity of the data elements that are not
currently reflected, and the correct data for each of those elements
(which could be no data being stored in those elements); and
If you determine that the record is not publicly available at all (for
example, it has been expunged), you will provide us with the information
identifying the record (the record ID number for Public-Record Database Search);
you hereby permit us to supply information about records that are no longer
publicly available to the national expungement clearinghouse of which we are a
part; and
if information in the Report is not
incomplete or inaccurate as a result of any act or omission of yours, you will,
within five days after your receipt of the notice, convey to us the notice, your
determination, and all other information the Subject provided in the manner that we specify from
time to time (including the form available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/backgroundchecksDOTcom-reseller-disputes.docx)
and, if we subsequently provide a notice to you about the dispute for you to
deliver to the Subject, you will
promptly convey that notice to the Subject.
Report Certification for Resale Intent of Conduit Resale
By ordering or receiving a Report for a Resale Intent of Conduit Resale, you certify the
following. Any capitalized terms used in these certifications but defined in our Terms of Service have the meaning stated in our Terms of Service. To fulfill portions of your
certifications, you may rely on the data elements that we provide you in any Public-Records Traditional Search that we perform
for you being literally accurate as of the date on which we perform the Public-Records Traditional Search.
You will resell the Report one time to a
single Customer, and will not use the Report
or any information in the Report in any
manner other than that resale. You are not a "consumer reporting agency" or a "reseller"
as the FCRA or any similar law defines those
terms.
You will not change Consumer Reporting
Information in, remove Consumer Reporting
Information from, or add Consumer Reporting
Information to any Report that we
provide to you.
You will not remove (or fail to transmit to your Customer) any statements, notices, or disclaimers that we
provide you in any Report.
You will not combine, merge, or assemble any information we provide you in a Report with other information about the Subject (including information from any
other Report).
You will not evaluate any Consumer Reporting
Information we provide you in a Report. You will not evaluate any other information we
provide you in a Report for the purpose of
anyone's eligibility decision governed by the FCRA.
You will not make any eligibility decision governed by the FCRA based on any information included in a Report.
You will not process the information in our Report outside of the United States.
You will not process, use, or disclose any information in our Report other than in the ordinary course of business.
You have verified, in a manner that conforms to law and all applicable industry
standards, (1) the identity of your Customer, (2) that your Customer is a legitimate business, non-profit, government, or
other organization, and (3) that the individual with whom you are working actually
represents your Customer.
We have provided you, and you have provided your Customer, with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "Notice to Users of Consumer Reports: Obligation of Users under the
FCRA" (available at http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Obligations-of-Users.pdf),
which appears at 12 C.F.R. part 1022 appendix N, and "A
Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf), which appears at 12 C.F.R.
part 1022 appendix K.
Your Customer provided you, and you have
provided us, a copy of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "Notice to Furnishers of Information" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Obligations-of-Furnishers.pdf), which appears at 12
C.F.R. part 1022 appendix M.
In substance, your Customer has certified
to you or you have otherwise ensured the following, as applicable:
Your Customer and we will
collaborate in the preparation of a report to your Customer's End-user. In this collaboration, we will act as your
Customer's agent, but both your Customer and we disclaim and will
not rely on any duties that either would owe the other based on that
principal-agent relationship (including any fiduciary duties) and that are not
explicitly stated in the written agreement between you and us or in the Report Certifications applicable to the Report.
Your Customer is, and agrees to
fulfill all of the obligations of, a "consumer reporting agency" under the FCRA for the Consumer Reporting Information in the Report that your Customer includes in its report to
the End-user. Your Customer is not
a "reseller" of information from our Report under FCRA§ 603(u) (which is 15 U.S.C.
§ 1681a(u)).
We are, and our obligations are limited to those of, a furnisher of information
to a consumer reporting agency under the FCRA for the Consumer Reporting Information in in the Report.
Your Customer will not process the
information in our Report outside of
the United States.
Your Customer has verified, in a
manner that conforms to law and all applicable industry standards, (i) the
identity of the End-user, (ii) that
the End-user is a legitimate
business, non-profit, government, or other organization, and (iii) that the
individual with whom your Customer
is working actually represents that End-user.
Your Customer has provided the End-user with the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau's "Notice to Users of Consumer Reports: Obligation of Users
under the FCRA" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Obligations-of-Users.pdf), which appears at12
C.F.R. part 1022 appendix N, and "A Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting
Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf), which appears at 12
C.F.R. part 1022 appendix K.
Your Customer will (and has
obtained its end-user's agreement to) not process, use, or disclose any
information in our Report other than
in the ordinary course of business.
Your Customer will (and has
obtained its end-user's agreement to):
reproduce, and not remove, any statement in a Report (as displayed on our website) limiting
the use of Name
and Address History information provided in that Report, to the extent that
you include that information in your report to the your Customer and it includes
that information in its report to the End-user;
not make any eligibility decision governed by the FCRA based on any Name and
Address History information provided in a Report;
ensure that any the Name and Address History information under
your Customer's control is
not (and never contend or admit that it is) a part of any "consumer
report" or any Subject's
"file" governed by the FCRA or
any similar state law;
not use the Name and Address History information for any
purpose other than for your Customer to protect against or prevent actual
or potential fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims, or other
liability (which may include your Customer or its End-user selecting names, jurisdictions, or
both names and jurisdictions for which to obtain information from us or
other sources and your Customer or its End-user demonstrating that a Name and
Address History was obtained before obtaining that other
information); and
comply with the portions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (which is 15
U.S.C. §§ 6801-09), under which the Name and
Address History information is which "non-public personal
information" and which limits further disclosure to anyone other than
recipients that this agreement permits.
Your Customer will (and has
obtained its end-user's agreement to) not to use any Driving Record information
in a Report for any purpose other than verifying the accuracy of personal
information submitted by the Subject
to you (such as the existence of a valid driver's license or qualifying driving
record) and, if that information is not correct, obtaining the correct
information, but only for the purpose of preventing fraud by the Subject.
The End-user is not in one of the
types of business listed in section 4.10 of
our Terms of Service.
The End-user has certified the
purpose for which it requested the information in your Customer's report to the End-user that you have requested from us in the Report and that it would use the
information for no other purpose.
Your Customer has verified, in a
manner that conforms to all applicable industry standards, that the End-user will use the information
in your Customer's report to the End-user that you have requested
from us in the Report for the
purposes it certified.
Your Customer has no reason for
believing that the End-user will
use information in your Customer's
report to the End-user that you
have requested from us in the Report
for any purpose other than the purposes it certified.
Under a written agreement between your Customer and the End-user, the End-user has requested the type of information that
would be included in the Report.
Your Customer will provide
information from the Report to no one
but the End-user and the Subject, except as required by law.
A written agreement between your Customer and the End-user prohibits the End-user from giving information from the Report to anyone but the Subject, except as required by law.
If we request in writing, your Customer will audit the End-user in a manner designed to detect any violation
of law or the certifications and agreements made by that End-user, provide us with a written report of your
findings, and require the End-user
to promptly correct any violations detected.
The End-user has made confirmations
and agreements that protect us and the Subject no less protective than those in the Report Certification for the End-user Purpose you
certified to us in connection with the Report.
Your Customer has obtained the End-user's acknowledgement that we
may rely on those confirmations and enforce those agreements directly as an
intended third-party beneficiary (although your Customer may refer to us as its supplier, data
source, or similar generic description).
Your Customer will not use the Consumer Reporting Information in the
Report for any purpose other than to
comply with law and to prepare its own report to the End-user as a "consumer report" under the FCRA for the purpose that the End-user certified to you and for
the End-user Purpose that
you certified to us.
In order to allocate responsibilities between your Customer (as the principal)
and us (as your Customer's agent) based on the Procedure you certified:
If you certified to us a Procedure of Research or Research & Notify or did
not certify a Procedure, your Customer:
will not include any information copied from the results of our
Public-Record Database
Search in any report to an End-user; and
will use information from our public-records database search
only to identify names under which and jurisdictions in which to
conduct traditional searches of public records.
If you certified to us a Procedure of Validate or Validate & Notify, your
Customer will confirm,
complete, and update all information from the results of our Public-Record Database Search
with information from a traditional search of public records before
sending the report to the End-user.
If you certified to us a Procedure of Assure or Assure & Notify, your Customer:
will review all information from the results of our Public-Record Database
Search to determine whether each public record is
complete; and
will confirm, complete, and update all such public records that
are not complete with information obtained through a traditional
search of public records before sending the report to the End-user.
If you certified to us a Procedure of Match, Match & Notify, Restrict, or Restrict & Notify, you will identify
(with your request for a search) the state that you or your Customer identified as the
state whose law governs the report.
Unless you certified to us a Procedure of Restrict or Restrict & Notify, your
Customer will ensure that
all reported information that we provided relates to the Subject.
If you certified to us a Procedure of Restrict or Restrict & Notify, your
Customer will include (with
your request for a search) a full date of birth and a middle name, if
the subject of the report has one.
If you certified to us a Procedure of Research, Research & Notify, Validate, Validate & Notify, Assure, or Assure & Notify or did
not certify a Procedure to us, your Customer:
will ensure that the report to the End-user does not include information
that we provided and that applicable law prohibits (including
obsolescence prohibitions); and
will use procedures that comply with applicable law to assure
that all reported information that we provided is accurate,
complete, and up-to-date.
If you certified to us a Procedure of Research & Notify, Validate & Notify, Assure & Notify, Match & Notify, or Restrict & Notify, your
Customer will, if public
record information is in the report to the End-user, notify the subject of the report of
the End-user’s identity and
that public-record information is being reported to the End-user, in a manner that
at a minimum complies with 15 U.S.C. § 1681k(a)(1) and any
other applicable law, on behalf of every organization contributing
public record information to the report, and no later than the time at
which you provide the report to the End-user.
Your Customer understands
that the information provided by our Public-Record Database Search when configured
for a Resale Intent of
Conduit Resale is not
necessarily complete or up-to-date as required by FRCA
§ 613(a)(2) (which is 15 U.S.C. § 1681k(a)(2)) or
comparable laws. For that reason:
If you certified a Procedure of Assure, Assure & Notify,
Match, Match & Notify,
Restrict, or Restrict &
Notify, we may remove records from the results of our Public-Record Database
Search when we have reason to believe that they might
not reflect the current public-record status of the underlying
public record; and
If you certified a Procedure of Match, Match & Notify,
Restrict, or Restrict &
Notify, we may remove records from the results of our Public-Record Database
Search when we have reason to believe that they do not
contain all data elements that are material to eligibility
decisions made on those types of records.
Our website permits you to elect whether we should fulfill Public-Record Database Search
under certain circumstances where the Procedures that you certified might not be
sufficient to fulfill requirements under state law that public-record
information be complete, up-to-date, or received or verified within some
set amount of time. If you elect for us to fulfill those searches and
the End-user will use the
report that the End-user
receives is subject to the California Investigative Consumer Reporting
Agencies Act, Connecticut General Statutes § 31-51i(h),
Indiana Code § 24-4-18-7, New York General Business Law
§ 380-g, or any other state law requiring information in your
report to the End-user to
be complete, up-to-date, or received or verified within some set amount
of time, your Customer will
confirm, complete, and update all information from the results of our Public-Record Database Search
with information from a traditional search of public records before
sending the report to the End-user .
Your Customer will ensure that the
information in a report to the End-user that contains Consumer Reporting Information from our Report does not conflict with or
misleadingly duplicate any other information in the report to the End-user.
Your Customer will use reasonable
quality-assurance measures, independent of any reliance on us, to avoid
reporting to the End-user any Consumer Reporting Information from our
Report that is prohibited from a
consumer report under FCRA
§ 605 (which is 15 U.S.C. § 1681c) or under any state law
that limits the contents of a consumer report.
Your Customer will ensure that its
provision of information to the End-user based on the Report otherwise complies with all applicable laws.
Your Customer will consistently
identify itself (and not us) as the consumer reporting agency for any Subject to contact to request a
re-investigation, including any re-investigation of any Consumer Reporting Information that you obtained from
us in a Report.
You have recorded the following information for each Report: (1) the name, address, and telephone number of the End-user; (2) the search terms and options
that you submitted to us; (3) the date and time that you submitted the order to us; and
(4) each purpose for which you furnish the Report or information from the Report to the End-user.
To the extent that you do not provide the information in that record to us as part of
your order, you will hold the resulting record, as our agent, for five years after you
receive the Report.
You will provide a copy of that record (which we will not use to compete with you or
your Customer) promptly whenever we request
it and immediately before you stop operating as a going concern.
If you or your Customer receives notice
from a Subject disputing information in a Report:
you or your Customer will determine
whether Consumer Reporting Information
in the Report is incomplete or
inaccurate as a result of any act or omission of yours or your Customer (respectively), within
five days of receiving the notice;
you or your Customer will determine
that the Consumer Reporting Information
in the Report is incomplete or
inaccurate "as a result of any act or omission" of yours or your Customer (respectively) under this
Report Certification, FCRA
§ 611(f) (which is 15 U.S.C. § 1681i(f)), and any comparable
statute:
if that information does not relate to the Subject (despite matching the Subject to the degree
required by your order), unless the Procedure
you certified for the search was Restrict or Restrict & Notify;
if that information is from an Public-Record Database Search and is missing
the offense, disposition, or (if disposed) disposition date available in
an underlying public record, unless the Procedure you selected was Assure, Assure & Notify, Match, Match & Notify, Restrict, or Restrict & Notify;
if that information is from an Public-Record Database Search and is out-of-
date compared to an underlying public record, unless the Procedure you selected was Assure, Assure & Notify, Match, Match & Notify, Restrict, or Restrict & Notify; or
if that information is from an Public-Record Database Search and is no
longer publicly available, unless the Procedure you selected was Assure, Assure & Notify, Match, Match & Notify, Restrict, or Restrict & Notify;
if information in the Report is
incomplete or inaccurate as a result of any act or omission of yours or your Customer, you or your Customer (respectively) will
convey the notice and your determination to us within five days of receiving the
notice, reinvestigate the information on behalf of both you or your Customer (respectively) and us,
correct or delete the information within 20 days after receipt of the notice,
and inform us of your resolution of the request for reinvestigation as follows:
if you or your Customer
determines that the record does not relate to the Subject, you or your Customer (respectively) will provide us with
the information identifying the record (the record ID number for Public-Record Database Search)
and the name and social security number of the Subject to whom it does not relate;
if you or your Customer
determines that the record incompletely reflects the information in the
underlying public record, you or your Customer (respectively) will provide us with
the information identifying the record (the record ID number for Public-Record Database
Search), the identity of the missing data elements, and the data
for each of those elements;
if you or your Customer
(respectively) determines that the record has information that is not
the same as the information in the underlying public record, you or your
Customer (respectively)
will provide us with the information identifying the record (the record
ID number for Public-Record
Database Search), the identity of the data elements that are not
currently reflected, and the correct data for each of those elements
(which could be no data being stored in those elements); and
if you or your Customer
determine that the record is not publicly available at all (for example,
it has been expunged), you or your Customer (respectively) will provide us with
the information identifying the record (the record ID number for Public-Record Database
Search);
you and your Customer hereby permit
us to supply information about records that are no longer publicly available to
the national expungement clearinghouse of which we are a part;
if information in the Report is not
incomplete or inaccurate as a result of any act or omission of yours or your Customer, you or your Customer (respectively) will,
within five days after receipt of the notice, convey to us the notice, your or
your Customer's (respectively)
determination, and all other information the Subject provided in the manner that we specify from
time to time (including the form
available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/backgroundchecksDOTcom-reseller-disputes.docx)
and, if we subsequently provide a notice to you or your Customer about the dispute for you or your Customer (respectively) to deliver
to the Subject, you or your Customer (respectively) will
promptly convey that notice to the Subject.
Report Certification for Resale Intent of Non-CRA Resale
By ordering or receiving a Report for a Resale Intent of
Non-CRA Resale, you certify the
following. Any capitalized terms used in these certifications but defined in our Terms of Service have the meaning stated in our Terms of Service. To fulfill portions of your
certifications, you may rely on the data elements that we provide you in any Public-Records Traditional Search that we
perform for you being literally accurate as of the date on which we perform the Public-Records Traditional Search.
You not a "consumer reporting agency" or a "reseller" as the FCRA or any similar law defines those terms .
You are procuring the Report for a single
resale to a single organization located in the United States that will be the End-user of the Report, that is not a
"consumer reporting agency" under the FCRA, and
that will not use the Report or any
information in the Report in any manner other
than that resale.
You will not process the information in our Report outside of the United States.
You have verified, in a manner that conforms to law and all applicable industry
standards, (1) the identity of the End-user, (2) that the End-user is a legitimate business, non-profit, government, or
other organization, and (3) that the individual with whom you are working actually
represents that End-user.
We have provided you, and you have provided the End-user, with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "Notice to Users of Consumer Reports: Obligation of Users under the
FCRA" (available at http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Obligations-of-Users.pdf),
which appears at12 C.F.R. part 1022 appendix N, and "A
Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf), which appears at 12 C.F.R.
part 1022 appendix K.
You will not change Consumer Reporting
Information in, remove Consumer Reporting
Information from, or add Consumer Reporting
Information to any Report that we
provide to you.
You will not remove (or fail to transmit to your End-user) any statements, notices, or disclaimers that we
provide you in any Report.
You will not combine, merge, or assemble any information we provide you in a Report with other information about the Subject (including information from any
other Report).
You will not evaluate any Consumer Reporting
Information we provide you in a Report. You will not evaluate any other information we
provide you in a Report for the purpose of
anyone's eligibility decision governed by the FCRA.
You will not make any eligibility decision governed by the FCRA based on any information included in a Report.
You will (and have obtained your end-user's agreement to) not process, use, or disclose
any information in our Report other than in
the ordinary course of business.
You will (and have obtained your end-user's agreement to):
reproduce, and not remove, any statement in a Report (as displayed on our website) limiting the use
of Name and Address
History information provided in that Report, to the extent that you include that
information in your report to the End-user;
not make any eligibility decision governed by the FCRA based on any Name and Address
History information provided in a Report;
ensure that any the Name and Address History information under your
control is not (and never contend or admit that it is) a part of any "consumer
report" or the "file" of any Subject
governed by the FCRA or any similar
state law;
not use the Name and
Address History information for any purpose other than for us to protect
against or prevent actual or potential fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims,
or other liability (which may include us or your End-user selecting names, jurisdictions, or both
names and jurisdictions for which to obtain information from us or other sources
and us or your End-user
demonstrating that a Name and Address History was obtained before
obtaining that other information); and
comply with the portions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (which is 15 U.S.C.
§§ 6801-09), under which the Name and Address
History information is which "non-public personal information" and which
limits further disclosure.
You will (and have obtained your end-user's agreement to) not use any Driving Record information in a Report for any purpose other than verifying
the accuracy of personal information submitted by the Subject to you (such as the existence of a valid driver's
license or qualifying driving record) and, if that information is not correct, obtaining
the correct information, but only for the purpose of preventing fraud by the Subject.
The End-user is not in one of the types of
business listed in section 4.10 of our Terms of Service.
The End-user has certified the purposes for
which it requested the information in the Report and that it would use the information for no other
purposes.
You have verified, in a manner that conforms to all applicable industry standards, that
the End-user will use the information in
the Report for the purposes it certified.
You have no reason for believing that the End-user will use information in the Report for any purpose other than the purposes it certified.
Under a written agreement between you and the End-user, the End-user has requested the type of information that would be
included in the Report.
You will provide information from the Report
to no one but the End-user and the Subject, except as required by law.
A written agreement between you and the End-user prohibits the End-user from giving information from the Report to anyone but the Subject, except as required by law.
If we request in writing, you will audit your End-user in a manner designed to detect any violation of law
or the certifications and agreements made by that End-user, provide us with a written report of your findings,
and require the End-user to promptly
correct any violations detected.
The End-user has made confirmations and
agreements that protect us and the Subject
no less than those in the Report Certification for the
End-user Purpose you certified to
us in connection with the Report.
You have obtained the End-user's
acknowledgement that we may rely on those confirmations and enforce those agreements
directly as an intended third-party beneficiary (although you may refer to us as your
supplier, data source, or similar generic description).
With your order, you have provided us the name, address, and telephone number of the End-user (which we will not use to compete
with you) and (2) each purpose for which you furnish the Report or information from the Report to the End-user.
You will not use the Consumer Reporting
Information in the Report for any
purpose other than to comply with law and as a "consumer report" under the FCRA for the purpose that the End-user certified to you and for the End-user Purpose that you
certified to us.
You understand that the information provided by our Public-Record Database Search is not necessarily complete or
up-to-date as required by FRCA § 613(a)(2) (which is 15 U.S.C.
§ 1681k(a)(2)) or comparable laws and we may therefore not report all matching
records available in those Public-Record Database
Search.
You understand that we may apply to Reports
that we provide to you the same stringent matching and filtering logic that we apply to
Reports that we provide to our End-users. You accept the risk arising
from that logic.
You will ensure that your provision of information to the End-user based on the Reports complies with all applicable laws.
You will consistently identify us (and not yourself) as the consumer reporting agency
for any Subject to contact to request a
re-investigation, including any re-investigation of Consumer Reporting Information that you obtained from us in a
Report.
If you receive notice from a Subject
disputing Consumer Reporting Information in a Report, you will immediately convey the
entire notice to us. If we subsequently provide a notice to you about the dispute for
you to deliver to the Subject, you will
promptly convey that notice to the Subject.
You hereby permit us to supply information about records that are no longer publicly
available to the national expungement clearinghouse of which we are a part.
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Employment-Related Screening
By ordering or receiving a Report from us for an
End-user Purpose of Employment-Related
Screening, you certify the following, with (1) any capitalized terms used in these
certifications but defined in our Terms of Service having
the meaning stated in our Terms of Service and (2) the term
"End-user" having the meaning assigned by the
Report Certifications that apply to your Resale Intent:
The End-user will use the Consumer Reporting Information in the Report only as a "consumer report" under the FCRA and only for "employment purposes" under
the FCRA (which, according to the Federal Trade
Commission, includes relationships other than normal employment, such as individual
independent contractors and individual insurance agents).
The End-user either (1) is not considering
the Subject as an applicant for a position
regulated by either or both of (i) the federal department of transportation under a
specific statute that allows the department to establish qualifications and maximum
service hours for the trucking industry or (ii) a state transportation agency or (2) has
interacted with the Subject in some way
other than mail, phone, computer, or similar means.
The End-user will not use (or permit anyone
else to use) information from the Report in
violation of any applicable federal or state equal employment opportunity law or
regulation.
The End-user has given the Subject clear, conspicuous, written
disclosure (in a document consisting solely of the disclosure) that a consumer report
may be obtained for employment purposes.
If the California Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report or information from it, the End-user has given the Subject clear, conspicuous, written
disclosure (in a document consisting solely of the disclosure) (1) that an investigative
consumer report may be obtained for employment purposes; (2) that the report may include
information on the Subject's character,
general reputation, personal characteristics, and mode of living; (3) that identifies
the name, mailing address, telephone number, and website address of the consumer
reporting agency providing the report, and (4) that summarizes the Subject's rights under California Civil Code
§ 1786.22 (including that, if the Subject provides proper identification, the Subject may inspect our files about the Subject by mail, by telephone, or in
person, that we will provide the Subject
with trained personnel and explanation of any codes to help understand those files, and
that another person who provides identification may accompany the Subject, all for free).
Each of the foregoing disclosures was not combined with each other or anything else
(such as an employment application or a release of liability), other than the
authorization described below.
If the FCRA governs the Report or information from it as an investigative consumer
report , the End-user has given the Subject (1) a clear and accurate disclosure
that an investigative consumer report including information on the Subject's character, general reputation, personal
characteristics, and mode of living, whichever are applicable, may be made, (2) a
statement that that the Subject has the
right to obtain a complete and accurate disclosure of the scope and nature of the
investigation performed; and (3) the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "A
Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf). If the Subject requests, the End-user will make a complete and accurate disclosure of the
nature and scope of the investigation and deliver that disclosure to the Subject within five days.
The End-user has obtained the Subject's written authorization (which may
be on the disclosure document) for the End-user to procure the Report.
If California's Consumer Credit Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report or information from it, the End-user has given the Subject a notice (1) that a credit report will be used, (2)
that identifies the basis for requesting the credit report under California Labor Code
§ 1024.5, (3) that identifies the consumer reporting agency providing the
credit report, and (4) that has a box that the Subject may check to request a copy of the credit report. If
the Subject checks the box, the End-user shall provide a copy of the
credit report to the Subject.
If California's Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report or information from it, the End-user has given the Subject a form with a box that the Subject could check to request a copy of
the Report and. If the Subject checked that box, the End-user will send a copy of the Report to the Subject within three business days after receiving the Report.
If Minnesota Statutes chapter 13C governs the Report or information from it, the End-user has given the Subject a written disclosure that (1) accompanies any
application for employment that the End-user provided to the Subject, (2) states that the End-user may obtain a consumer report, (3) states that the Subject may obtain a complete and accurate
disclosure of the nature and scope of the Report, and (4) includes a box that the Subject may check to request a copy of the Report. If the Subject checked that box, the End-user will provide the Subject a copy of the Report.
If New York's Fair Credit Reporting Act governs the Report or information from it, the End-user has given the Subject written disclosure that the End-user will, upon the Subject's request, inform the Subject whether it requested a consumer report and, if so, of
the name and address of the consumer reporting agency that issued it. If the Subject requests this information, the End-user will provide it in writing.
If Oklahoma Statute § 24-148 governs the Report or information from it, the End-user has given the Subject a form with a box that the Subject may check to request a copy of the Report. If the Subject checked that box, the End-user will provide the Subject a copy of the Report.
If Minnesota Statutes chapter 13C governs the Report of information from it as an investigative consumer
report, the End-user has given the Subject a written statement that the Report may include information obtained
through personal interviews.
If the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act governs the Report as an investigative consumer report, the End-user gave the Subject (1) a copy of Article 23-A of the New York
Corrections Law and (2) a written statement that, upon written request, the End-user will inform the Subject whether it ordered an investigative
consumer report and, if so, of the name and address of the consumer reporting agency
that provided the investigative consumer report. If the Subject requests this information, the End-user will provide it in writing and will inform the Subject in writing that the Subject may inspect and receive a copy of
the investigative consumer report by contacting the consumer reporting agency.
If the the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act governs the Report of information from it as an investigative consumer
report, the End-user obtained the Subject's written authorization to obtain
an investigative consumer report.
If New York's Fair Credit Reporting Act governs Report or information from it, and the Report and includes criminal conviction information, the End-user will provide the Subject with a written copy of Article 23-A
of the New York Corrections Law.
The End-user has (or will have timely) made
any additional disclosures, offered any additional information, and obtained any
additional authorizations required by state law.
The End-user will provide the Subject, before taking any adverse action
based on information in the Report, with the
Summary of Rights and a copy of
the report it received.
The End-user will not take any adverse
action based on information in the Report
unless: (1) the End-user has given the Subject a reasonable period after providing
the notice described above (of at least 5 business days if the notice was mailed) in
which to dispute or explain the information; (2) the Subject has not disputed any information or that dispute has
been resolved; (3) the End-user has
considered any explanation (including any evidence of rehabilitation) to the extent
required by law; and (4) the information has a direct relationship to the Subject's duties that is sufficient to
satisfy applicable law and Equal Employment Opportunity Commission guidance.
When the End-user takes adverse action
based on information in the Report, the End-user will give the Subject oral, electronic, or written
notice: (1) of the adverse action being taken; (2) of the name, mailing address,
toll-free telephone number, and website address of the consumer reporting agency that
provided the information (which is us unless your Resale Intent is CRA Resale or Conduit Resale); (3) that the consumer reporting agency did
not make the decision to take the adverse action and is unable to provide the reasons
why the adverse action was taken; (4) that the Subject can obtain a free copy of a report on the Subject by requesting one from the consumer
reporting agency within 60 days; and (5) that the Subject may dispute the accuracy or completeness of any
information provided by the consumer reporting agency.
The End-user will inform the Subject of the reason for any adverse
action taken based on information in the Report when applicable law requires and will not refer any
Subject’s request for the reason to us.
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Trucking
By ordering or receiving a Report for an End-user Purpose of Trucking, you certify the following, with (1)
any capitalized terms used in these certifications but defined in our Terms of Service having the meaning stated in our Terms of Service and (2) the term "End-user" having the meaning assigned by the Report Certifications that apply to your Resale Intent:
The End-user will use the Consumer Reporting Information in the Report only as a "consumer report" under the FCRA and only for "employment purposes" under
the FCRA (which, according to the Federal Trade
Commission, includes relationships other than normal employment, such as individual
independent contractors and individual insurance agents).
The End-user is both (1) considering the Subject as an applicant for a position
regulated by either or both of (i) the federal department of transportation under a
specific statute that allows the department to establish qualifications and maximum
service hours for the trucking industry or (ii) a state transportation agency and (2)
has interacted with the Subject only by
mail, phone, computer, or similar means.
The End-user will not use (or permit anyone
else to use) information in the Report in
violation of any applicable federal or state equal employment opportunity law or
regulation.
The End-user has given the Subject an oral, written, or electronic
notice that (1) a consumer report may be obtained for employment purpose; (2) the Subject has the right to obtain a free copy
of any report that on which the End-user
based adverse action by requesting it from the consumer reporting agency that provided
it within 60 days; and (3) the Subject has
the right to dispute the accuracy or completeness of any information in any report.
If the Report is governed by the California
Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act, the End-user has given the Subject clear, conspicuous, written disclosure (in a document
consisting solely of the disclosure) (1) that an investigative consumer report may be
obtained for employment purposes; (2) that the report may include information on the
character, general reputation, personal characteristics, and mode of living of the Subject; (3) that identifies the name,
mailing address, telephone number, and website address of the consumer reporting agency
providing the report, and (4) that summarizes the Subject's rights under California Civil Code
§ 1786.22 (including that, if the Subject provides proper identification, the Subject may inspect our files about the Subject by mail, by telephone, or in
person, that we will provide the Subject
with trained personnel and explanation of any codes to help understand those files, and
that another person who provides identification may accompany the Subject, all for free).
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report under the FCRA, the End-user has given the Subject (1) a clear and accurate disclosure
that an investigative consumer report including information on the Subject's character, general reputation, personal
characteristics, and mode of living, whichever are applicable, may be made, (2) a
statement that that the Subject has the
right to obtain a complete and accurate disclosure of the scope and nature of the
investigation performed; and (3) the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "A
Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf). If the Subject requests, the End-user will make a complete and accurate disclosure of the
nature and scope of the investigation and deliver that disclosure to the Subject within five days.
The End-user has obtained the Subject's consent (orally, in writing, or
electronically) to the End-user obtaining
the report
If the Report is governed by the California
Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act, the End-user has also obtained the Subject's written authorization to obtain the report.
If the Report is governed by the Colorado
Consumer Credit Reporting Act, the End-user
has also (1) informed the Subject that it
may request a report and the Subject
consented in writing to that request.
If the Report is governed by the New Jersey
Fair Credit Reporting Act, the End-user has
also given the Subject clear, conspicuous,
written disclosure (in a document consisting solely of the disclosure) that a consumer
report or investigative consumer report may be obtained for employment purposes and the
Subject has authorized the End-user to obtain the report.
If California's Consumer Credit Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report, the End-user has given the Subject a notice (1) that a credit report will be used, (2)
that identifies the basis for requesting the credit report under California Labor Code
§ 1024.5, (3) that identifies the consumer reporting agency providing the
credit report, and (4) that has a box that the Subject may check to request a copy of the credit report. If
the Subject checks the box, the End-user shall provide a copy of the
credit report to the Subject.
If California's Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report, the End-user has given the Subject a form with a box that the Subject could check to request a copy of the Report and. If the Subject checked that box, the End-user will send a copy of the Report to the Subject within three business days after receiving the Report.
If Minnesota Statutes chapter 13C governs the Report, the End-user has given the Subject a written disclosure that (1) accompanies any
application for employment that the End-user provided to the Subject, (2) states that the End-user may obtain a consumer report, (3) states that the Subject may obtain a complete and accurate
disclosure of the nature and scope of the Report, and (4) includes a box that the Subject may check to request a copy of the Report. If the Subject checked that box, the End-user will provide the Subject a copy of the Report.
If New York's Fair Credit Reporting Act governs the Report, the End-user has given the Subject written disclosure that the End-user will, upon the Subject's request, inform the Subject whether it requested a consumer report and, if so, of
the name and address of the consumer reporting agency that issued it. If the Subject requests this information, the End-user will provide it in writing.
If Oklahoma Statute § 24-148 governs the Report, the End-user has given the Subject a form with a box that the Subject may check to request a copy of the Report. If the Subject checked that box, the End-user will provide the Subject a copy of the Report.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by Minnesota Statutes chapter 13C, the End-user has given the Subject a written statement that the Report may include information obtained through personal
interviews.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act, the End-user gave the Subject (1) a copy of Article 23-A of the New York
Corrections Law and (2) a written statement that, upon written request, the End-user will inform the Subject whether it ordered an investigative
consumer report and, if so, of the name and address of the consumer reporting agency
that provided the investigative consumer report. If the Subject requests this information, the End-user will provide it in writing and will inform the Subject in writing that the Subject may inspect and receive a copy of
the investigative consumer report by contacting the consumer reporting agency.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act, the End-user obtained the Subject's written authorization to obtain an investigative
consumer report.
If the report is governed by New York's Fair Credit Reporting Act and includes criminal
conviction information, the End-user will
provide the Subject with a written copy of
Article 23-A of the New York Corrections Law.
The End-user has (or will have timely) made
any additional disclosures, offered any additional information, and obtained any
additional authorizations required by law.
If the report is governed by the New Jersey Fair Credit Reporting Act, the End-user will provide the Subject, before taking any adverse action
based on information in the Report, with the
Summary of Rights and a copy of
the report it received.
If the report is governed by the New Jersey Fair Credit Reporting Act, the End-user will not take any adverse action
based on information in the Report unless:
(1) the End-user has given the Subject a reasonable period after providing
the notice described above (of at least 5 business days if the notice was mailed) in
which to dispute or explain the information; and (2) the Subject has not disputed any information or that dispute has
been resolved.
The End-user will not take any adverse
action based on information in the Report
unless: (1) the End-user has considered any
explanation (including any evidence of rehabilitation) to the extent required by law;
and (2) the information has a direct relationship to the Subject's duties that is sufficient to satisfy applicable law
and Equal Employment Opportunity Commission guidance.
Within three business days after taking adverse action based on information in the Report, the End-user will give the Subject oral, written, or electronic notice: (1) that adverse
action was taken in whole or in part based on a consumer report received from a consumer
reporting agency; (2) of the name, address, and phone number of the consumer reporting
agency that issued the report; (3) that the consumer reporting agency did not make the
decision to take the adverse action and is unable to provide the Subject the specific reasons why the adverse action was
taken; (4) that the Subject may obtain a
copy of the report on providing proper identification; and (5) that the Subject may dispute the accuracy or
completeness of any information provided by the consumer reporting agency.
If the Subject requests, the End-user will (within three days of the
receiving the Subject's request and proper
identification) send or provide the Subject
a copy of a report and a copy of the Summary of Rights.
The End-user will inform the Subject of the reason for any adverse
action taken based on information in the Report when applicable law requires reason for any adverse
action taken.
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Volunteer Screening
By ordering or receiving a Report from us for an
End-user Purpose of Volunteer Screening , you certify
the following, with (1) any capitalized terms used in these certifications but defined in
our Terms of Service having the meaning stated in our Terms of Service and (2) the term "End-user" having the meaning assigned by the Report Certifications that apply to your Resale Intent:
The End-user will use the Consumer Reporting Information in the Report only as a "consumer report" under the FCRA and only for screening current or
prospective volunteers of the End-user.
The Subject has given the End-user written instructions to obtain a
consumer report about the Subject and the End-user will follow those instructions.
On our request within six years after the date of our Report, you will provide us a copy of the written
instructions that the Subject gave.
The End-user has determined that using a
consumer report to screen volunteers is not using a consumer report for "employment
purposes" under the FCRA.
You are not relying on our guidance about whether using a consumer report to screen
volunteers is using a consumer report for "employment purposes" under the FCRA.
You will protect us from all third-party (including governmental) claims that, or based
on the assertion that, using a Report to
screen volunteers is using a consumer report for "employment purposes" under the FCRA.
The End-user will not use the Report for "employment purposes" under the
FCRA, in connection with a current or
prospective housing tenancy, in connection with the underwriting or extension of credit
or insurance for personal, family, or household purposes, in connection with a
governmental license or benefit for which the government instrumentality is required by
law to consider financial responsibility or status, or in connection with a "firm offer
of credit or insurance" under the FCRA or any
other credit or insurance transaction not initiated by the Subject.
The End-user will not use the Report in the course of any of the business
listed in section 4.10 of our Terms of Service.
If Vermont's law applies to the Report, the
End-user has obtained the Subject's consent to obtain that Report and will use the Report only for the purpose to which the Subject consented.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report under the FCRA, the End-user has given the Subject (1) a clear and accurate disclosure
that an investigative consumer report including information on the Subject's character, general reputation, personal
characteristics, and mode of living, whichever are applicable, may be made, (2) a
statement that that the Subject has the
right to obtain a complete and accurate disclosure of the scope and nature of the
investigation performed; and (3) the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "A
Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf). If the Subject requests, the End-user will make a complete and accurate disclosure of the
nature and scope of the investigation and deliver that disclosure to the Subject within five days.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New Jersey Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Subject has given the End-user written permission to obtain an investigative
consumer report.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act, the End-user has given the Subject a written statement that, upon written request, the
End-user will inform the Subject whether it ordered an investigative
consumer report and, if so, of the name and address of the consumer reporting agency
that issued it. If the Subject requests this
information, the End-user will provide it
in writing and will inform the Subject in
writing that the Subject may inspect and
receive a copy of the Report by contacting
the consumer reporting agency.
The End-user has (or will have timely) made
any additional disclosures, offered any additional information, and obtained any
additional authorizations required by state law.
When the End-user takes adverse action
based on information in the Report, the End-user will give the Subject oral, electronic, or written
notice: (1) of the adverse action being taken; (2) of the name, mailing address,
toll-free telephone number, and website address of the consumer reporting agency that
provided the information (which is us unless your Resale Intent is CRA Resale or Conduit Resale); (3) that the consumer reporting agency did
not make the decision to take the adverse action and is unable to provide the reasons
why the adverse action was taken; (4) that the Subject can obtain a free copy of a report on the Subject by requesting one from the consumer
reporting agency within 60 days; and (5) that the Subject may dispute the accuracy or completeness of any
information provided by the consumer reporting agency.
If you are ordering the Report for a Resale Intent of No Resale or
Non-CRA Resale and the End-user takes adverse action, the End-user will provide a copy of the report that it received
with the notice of adverse action.
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Tenant Screening
By ordering or receiving a Report for an End-user Purpose of Tenant Screening, you certify the
following, with (1) any capitalized terms used in these certifications but defined in our Terms of Service having the meaning stated in our Terms of Service and (2) the term "End-user" having the meaning assigned by the Report Certifications that apply to your Resale Intent:
The End-user will use the Consumer Reporting Information in the Report only as a "consumer report" under the FCRA and only for screening current or
prospective tenants of the End-user or its
customer whose property the End-user
manages.
Either (1) the Subject has given written
instructions for the End-user to obtain a
consumer report and the End-user will
follow those instructions or (2) the Subject
initiated the business transaction.
If California's Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report, the End-user has (or within three days after requesting a Report will have) notified the Subject (1) that an investigative consumer
reporting agency will make an investigative consumer report about the Subject's character, general reputation,
personal characteristics, and mode of living; (2) of the name, mailing address, website
address, and toll-free telephone number of the consumer reporting agency; and (3) that
the Subject may inspect the consumer
reporting agency's files about the Subject
by providing proper identification and the consumer reporting agency will provide the Subject with trained personnel and
explanation of any codes to help understand those files.
If California's Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report, the End-user has given the Subject a form with a box that the Subject may check to request a copy of the Report. If the Subject checked that box, the End-user will send a copy of the Report to the Subject within three business days after receiving the Report.
If New York's Fair Credit Reporting Act governs the Report, the End-user has given the Subject a written disclosure that the End-user may obtain a consumer report on the Subject and that the End-user will, upon the Subject's request, inform the Subject whether it requested a Report and, if so, of the name and address of the consumer
reporting agency that issued the report.
If Vermont's law applies to the Report, the
End-user has obtained the Subject's consent to obtain that report and
will use the Report only for the purpose to
which the Subject consented.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report under the FCRA, the End-user has given the Subject (1) a clear and accurate disclosure
that an investigative consumer report including information on the Subject's character, general reputation, personal
characteristics, and mode of living, whichever are applicable, may be made, (2) a
statement that that the Subject has the
right to obtain a complete and accurate disclosure of the scope and nature of the
investigation performed; and (3) the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "A
Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf). If the Subject requests, the End-user will make a complete and accurate disclosure of the
nature and scope of the investigation and deliver that disclosure to the Subject within five days.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act, the End-user has given the Subject a written statement that, upon written request, the
End-user will inform the Subject whether it ordered an investigative
consumer report and, if so, of the name and address of the consumer reporting agency
that issued it. If the Subject requests this
information, the End-user will provide it
in writing and will inform the Subject in
writing that the Subject may inspect and
receive a copy of the Report by contacting
the consumer reporting agency.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New Jersey Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Subject gave the End-user written permission to obtain an investigative
consumer report.
The End-user has (or will have timely) made
any additional disclosures, offered any additional information, and obtained any
additional authorizations required by state law.
If California's Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report and, after obtaining the report, the
End-user either denies housing to the Subject or increases the charge for that
housing, the End-user will inform the Subject of the denial and of the name and
address of the consumer reporting agency that issued the report.
When the End-user takes adverse action
based on information in the Report, the End-user will give the Subject oral, electronic, or written
notice: (1) of the adverse action being taken; (2) of the name, mailing address,
toll-free telephone number, and website address of the consumer reporting agency that
provided the information (which is us unless your Resale Intent is CRA Resale or Conduit Resale); (3) that the consumer reporting agency did
not make the decision to take the adverse action and is unable to provide the reasons
why the adverse action was taken; (4) that the Subject can obtain a free copy of a report on the Subject by requesting one from the consumer
reporting agency within 60 days; and (5) that the Subject may dispute the accuracy or completeness of any
information provided by the consumer reporting agency.
If you are ordering the Report for a Resale Intent of No Resale or Non-CRA Resale and the End-user takes adverse action, the End-user will provide a copy of the report that it received
with the notice of adverse action.
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Non-Tenant Credit
By ordering or receiving a Report for an End-user Purpose of Non-Tenant Credit, you certify the
following, with (1) any capitalized terms used in these certifications but defined in our Terms of Service having the meaning stated in our Terms of Service and (2) the term "End-user" having the meaning assigned by the Report Certifications that apply to your Resale Intent:
The End-user will use the Consumer Reporting Information in the Report only as a "consumer report" under the FCRA (1) in connection with a credit
transaction involving the Subject and
involving the extension of credit to, or review or collection of an account of, the Subject, (2) by a potential investor or
servicer, or current insurer, in connection with a valuation of, or an assessment of the
credit or prepayment risks associated with, an existing credit obligation unless the
report is governed by the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act, or (3) for a legitimate
business need to review an account to determine whether the Subject continues to meet the terms of the account.
The Report will not be used in connection
with a "firm offer of credit " under the FCRA
or any other credit transaction not initiated by the Subject.
If the California Consumer Credit Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report, you acknowledge receipt of notice of your obligations
under that act by reference to California Civil Code §§ 1785.1-1785.36.
If California's Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report, the End-user has given the Subject a form with a box that the Subject may check to request a copy of the Report. If the Subject checked that box, the End-user will send a copy of the Report to the Subject within three business days after receiving the Report.
If New York's Fair Credit Reporting Act governs the Report, the End-user gave the Subject a written disclosure that the End-user may obtain a consumer report on the Subject and that the End-user will, upon the Subject's request, inform the Subject whether it requested a Report and, if so, of the name and address of the consumer
reporting agency that issued it.
If Vermont's law applies to the Report, the
End-user has obtained the Subject's consent to obtain that Report and will use the Report only for the purpose to which the Subject consented.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report under the FCRA, the End-user has given the Subject (1) a clear and accurate disclosure
that an investigative consumer report including information on the Subject's character, general reputation, personal
characteristics, and mode of living, whichever are applicable, may be made, (2) a
statement that that the Subject has the
right to obtain a complete and accurate disclosure of the scope and nature of the
investigation performed; and (3) the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "A
Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf). If the Subject requests, the End-user will make a complete and accurate disclosure of the
nature and scope of the investigation and deliver that disclosure to the Subject within five days.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New Jersey Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Subject gave the End-user written permission to obtain an investigative
consumer report.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act, the End-user gave the Subject a written statement that, upon written request, the
End-user will inform the Subject whether it ordered an investigative
consumer report and, if so, of the name and address of the consumer reporting agency
that issued it. If the Subject requests this
information, the End-user will provide it
in writing and will inform the Subject in
writing that the Subject may inspect and
receive a copy of the Report by contacting
the consumer reporting agency.
The End-user has (or will have timely) made
any additional disclosures, offered any additional information, and obtained any
additional authorizations required by state law.
When the End-user takes adverse action
based on information in the Report, the End-user will give the Subject oral, electronic, or written
notice: (1) of the adverse action being taken; (2) of the name, mailing address,
toll-free telephone number, and website address of the consumer reporting agency that
provided the information (which is us unless your Resale Intent is CRA Resale or Conduit Resale); (3) that the consumer reporting agency did
not make the decision to take the adverse action and is unable to provide the reasons
why the adverse action was taken; (4) that the Subject can obtain a free copy of a report on the Subject by requesting one from the consumer
reporting agency within 60 days; and (5) that the Subject may dispute the accuracy or completeness of any
information provided by the consumer reporting agency.
If you are ordering the Report for a Resale Intent of No Resale or Non-CRA Resale and the End-user takes adverse action, the End-user will provide a copy of the report that it received
with the notice of adverse action.
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Insurance Underwriting
By ordering or receiving a Report for an End-user Purpose of Insurance Underwriting, you
certify the following, with (1) any capitalized terms used in these certifications but
defined in our Terms of Service having the meaning stated
in our Terms of Service and (2) the term "End-user" having the meaning assigned by the
Report Certifications that apply to your Resale Intent:
The End-user will use the Consumer Reporting Information in the Report only as a "consumer report" under the FCRA for determining the Subject's eligibility for insurance or the rate for
insurance.
If California's Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report, the End-user either has given (at the time the application form,
medical form, binder, or similar document is signed by the Subject) or will give (no later than three days after
requesting the report) the Subject a clear,
conspicuous, and written disclosure: (1) that the End-user will obtain an investigative consumer report about
the Subject's character, general reputation,
personal characteristics, and mode of living; (2) that states the name, mailing address,
website address, and toll-free telephone number of the consumer reporting agency that
issued the report; (3) of the nature and scope of the investigation to be performed; and
(4) that the Subject may inspect the
consumer reporting agency's files about the Subject by providing proper identification and the consumer
reporting agency will provide the Subject
with trained personnel and explanation of any codes to help understand those files.
If California's Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report, the End-user has given the Subject a form with a box that the Subject may check to request a copy of the Report. If the Subject checked that box, the End-user will send a copy of the Report to the Subject within three business days after receiving the Report.
If New York's Fair Credit Reporting Act governs the Report, the End-user gave the Subject a written disclosure that the End-user may obtain a consumer report on the Subject and that the End-user will, upon the Subject's request, inform the Subject whether it requested a Report and, if so, of the name and address of the consumer
reporting agency that issued it.
If Vermont's law applies to the Report, the
End-user has obtained the Subject's consent to obtain that Report and will use the Report only for the purpose to which the Subject consented.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report under the FCRA, the End-user has given the Subject (1) a clear and accurate disclosure
that an investigative consumer report including information on the Subject's character, general reputation, personal
characteristics, and mode of living, whichever are applicable, may be made, (2) a
statement that that the Subject has the
right to obtain a complete and accurate disclosure of the scope and nature of the
investigation performed; and (3) the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "A
Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf). If the Subject requests, the End-user will make a complete and accurate disclosure of the
nature and scope of the investigation and deliver that disclosure to the Subject within five days.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New Jersey Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Subject gave the End-user written permission to obtain an investigative
consumer report.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act, the End-user gave the Subject a written statement that, upon written request, the
End-user will inform the Subject whether it ordered an investigative
consumer report and, if so, of the name and address of the consumer reporting agency
that issued it. If the Subject requests this
information, the End-user will provide it
in writing and will inform the Subject in
writing that the Subject may inspect and
receive a copy of the Report by contacting
the consumer reporting agency.
The End-user has (or will have timely) made
any additional disclosures, offered any additional information, and obtained any
additional authorizations required by state law.
If California's Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report and, after obtaining the Report, the End-user either denies insurance involving the subject for
personal, family, or household purposes or increases the charge for that insurance, the
End-user will inform the Subject of the denial or increase and of
the name and address of the consumer reporting agency that issued it.
When the End-user takes adverse action
based on information in the Report, the End-user will give the Subject oral, electronic, or written
notice: (1) of the adverse action being taken; (2) of the name, mailing address,
toll-free telephone number, and website address of the consumer reporting agency that
provided the information (which is us unless your Resale Intent is CRA Resale or Conduit Resale); (3) that the consumer reporting agency did
not make the decision to take the adverse action and is unable to provide the reasons
why the adverse action was taken; (4) that the Subject can obtain a free copy of a report on the Subject by requesting one from the consumer
reporting agency within 60 days; and (5) that the Subject may dispute the accuracy or completeness of any
information provided by the consumer reporting agency.
If you are ordering the Report for a Resale Intent of No Resale or Non-CRA Resale and the End-user takes adverse action, the End-user will provide a copy of the report that it received
with the notice of adverse action.
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Government License or Benefit
By ordering or receiving a Report for an End-user Purpose of Government License or
Benefit, you certify the following, with (1) any capitalized terms used in these
certifications but defined in our Terms of Service having
the meaning stated in our Terms of Service and (2) the term
"End-user" having the meaning assigned by the
Report Certifications that apply to your Resale Intent:
The End-user will use the Consumer Reporting Information in the Report only as a "consumer report" under the FCRA in connection with a determination of the
consumer's eligibility for a license or other benefit granted by a governmental
instrumentality required by law to consider an applicant's financial responsibility or
status.
The End-user will not use the Report for "employment purposes" under the
FCRA, in connection with a current or
prospective housing tenancy, in connection with the underwriting or extension of credit
or insurance for personal, family, or household purposes, or in connection with a "firm
offer of credit or insurance" under the FCRA or
any other credit or insurance transaction not initiated by the Subject.
If California's Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report, the End-user has given the Subject a form with a box that the Subject may check to request a copy of the Report. If the Subject checked that box, the End-user will send a copy of the Report to the Subject within three business days after receiving the Report.
If New York's Fair Credit Reporting Act governs the Report, the End-user gave the Subject a written disclosure that the End-user may obtain a consumer report on the Subject and that the End-user will, upon the Subject's request, inform the Subject whether it requested a consumer report and, if so, of
the name and address of the consumer reporting agency that issued it. If the Subject requests this information, the End-user will provide it in writing.
If Vermont's law applies to the Report, the
End-user has obtained the Subject's consent to obtain that Report and will use the Report only for the purpose to which the Subject consented.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report under the FCRA, the End-user has given the Subject (1) a clear and accurate disclosure
that an investigative consumer report including information on the Subject's character, general reputation, personal
characteristics, and mode of living, whichever are applicable, may be made, (2) a
statement that that the Subject has the
right to obtain a complete and accurate disclosure of the scope and nature of the
investigation performed; and (3) the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "A
Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf). If the Subject requests, the End-user will make a complete and accurate disclosure of the
nature and scope of the investigation and deliver that disclosure to the Subject within five days.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act, the End-user gave the Subject a written statement that, upon written request, the
End-user will inform the Subject whether it ordered an investigative
consumer report and, if so, of the name and address of the consumer reporting agency
that issued it. If the Subject requests this
information, the End-user will provide it
in writing and will inform the Subject in
writing that the Subject may inspect and
receive a copy of the Report by contacting
the consumer reporting agency.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New Jersey Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Subject gave the End-user written permission to obtain an investigative
consumer report.
The End-user has (or will have timely) made
any additional disclosures, offered any additional information, and obtained any
additional authorizations required by state law.
When the End-user takes adverse action
based on information in the Report, the End-user will give the Subject oral, electronic, or written
notice: (1) of the adverse action being taken; (2) of the name, mailing address,
toll-free telephone number, and website address of the consumer reporting agency that
provided the information (which is us unless your Resale Intent is CRA Resale or Conduit Resale); (3) that the consumer reporting agency did
not make the decision to take the adverse action and is unable to provide the reasons
why the adverse action was taken; (4) that the Subject can obtain a free copy of a report on the Subject by requesting one from the consumer
reporting agency within 60 days; and (5) that the Subject may dispute the accuracy or completeness of any
information provided by the consumer reporting agency.
If you are ordering the Report for a Resale Intent of No Resale or Non-CRA Resale and the End-user takes adverse action, the End-user will provide a copy of the report that it received
with the notice of adverse action.
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Other Consumer-Initiated Transaction
By ordering or receiving a Report for an End-user Purpose of Other
Consumer-Initiated Transaction, you certify the following, with (1) any capitalized
terms used in these certifications but defined in our Terms of
Service having the meaning stated in our Terms of
Service and (2) the term "End-user"
having the meaning assigned by the Report Certifications
that apply to your Resale Intent:
The End-user will use the Consumer Reporting Information in the Report only as a "consumer report" under the FCRA and only for a legitimate business
purpose in connection with a business transaction initiated by the Subject.
On our request within six years after the date of our Report, you will explain (in writing) the nature of the
business transaction initiated by the Subject and provide documentation that the Subject initiated it.
The End-user will not use the Report for "employment purposes" under the FCRA, in connection with a current or
prospective housing tenancy, in connection with the underwriting or extension of credit
or insurance for personal, family, or household purposes, in connection with a
governmental license or benefit for which the government instrumentality is required by
law to consider financial responsibility or status, or in connection with a "firm offer
of credit or insurance" under the FCRA or any
other insurance transaction not initiated by the Subject.
The End-user will not use the Report in the course of any of the business
listed in section 4.10 of our Terms of Service.
The End-user is not a law firm or, unless
the End-user is an individual ordering a Report about himself or herself, a lawyer or
working for a law firm or lawyer.
If Vermont's law applies to the Report, the
End-user has obtained the Subject's consent to obtain that Report and will use the Report only for the purpose to which the Subject consented.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report under the FCRA, the End-user has given the Subject (1) a clear and accurate disclosure
that an investigative consumer report including information on the Subject's character, general reputation, personal
characteristics, and mode of living, whichever are applicable, may be made, (2) a
statement that that the Subject has the
right to obtain a complete and accurate disclosure of the scope and nature of the
investigation performed; and (3) the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "A
Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf). If the Subject requests, the End-user will make a complete and accurate disclosure of the
nature and scope of the investigation and deliver that disclosure to the Subject within five days.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New Jersey Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Subject has given the End-user written permission to obtain an investigative
consumer report.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act, the End-user has given the Subject a written statement that, upon written request, the
End-user will inform the Subject whether it ordered an investigative
consumer report and, if so, of the name and address of the consumer reporting agency
that issued it. If the Subject requests this
information, the End-user will provide it
in writing and will inform the Subject in
writing that the Subject may inspect and
receive a copy of the Report by contacting
the consumer reporting agency.
The End-user has (or will have timely) made
any additional disclosures, offered any additional information, and obtained any
additional authorizations required by state law.
When the End-user takes adverse action
based on information in the Report, the End-user will give the Subject oral, electronic, or written
notice: (1) of the adverse action being taken; (2) of the name, mailing address,
toll-free telephone number, and website address of the consumer reporting agency that
provided the information (which is us unless your Resale Intent is CRA Resale or Conduit Resale); (3) that the consumer reporting agency did
not make the decision to take the adverse action and is unable to provide the reasons
why the adverse action was taken; (4) that the Subject can obtain a free copy of a report on the Subject by requesting one from the consumer
reporting agency within 60 days; and (5) that the Subject may dispute the accuracy or completeness of any
information provided by the consumer reporting agency.
If you are ordering the Report for a Resale Intent of No Resale or Non-CRA Resale and the End-user takes adverse action, the End-user will provide a copy of the report that it received
with the notice of adverse action.
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Other Written Consent
By ordering or receiving a Report for an End-user Purpose of Other Written Consent, you
certify the following, with (1) any capitalized terms used in these certifications but
defined in our Terms of Service having the meaning stated
in our Terms of Service and (2) the term "End-user" having the meaning assigned by the
Report Certifications that apply to your Resale Intent:
The End-user will use the Consumer Reporting Information in the Report only as a "consumer report" under the FCRA and only in accordance with the written
instructions of the Subject.
The Subject has given the End-user written instructions to obtain a
consumer report about the Subject and the End-user will follow those instructions.
On our request within six years after the date of our Report, you will provide us a copy of the written
instructions that the Subject gave.
The End-user will not use the Report for "employment purposes" under the
FCRA, in connection with a current or
prospective housing tenancy, in connection with the underwriting or extension of credit
or insurance for personal, family, or household purposes, in connection with a
governmental license or benefit for which the government instrumentality is required by
law to consider financial responsibility or status, or in connection with a "firm offer
of credit or insurance" under the FCRA or any
other credit or insurance transaction not initiated by the Subject.
The End-user will not use the Report in the course of any of the business
listed in section 4.10 of our Terms of Service.
The End-user is not a law firm or, unless
the End-user is an individual ordering a Report about himself or herself, a lawyer or
working for a law firm or lawyer.
If Vermont's law applies to the Report, the
End-user has obtained the Subject's consent to obtain that Report and will use the Report only for the purpose to which the Subject consented.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report under the FCRA, the End-user has given the Subject (1) a clear and accurate disclosure
that an investigative consumer report including information on the Subject's character, general reputation, personal
characteristics, and mode of living, whichever are applicable, may be made, (2) a
statement that that the Subject has the
right to obtain a complete and accurate disclosure of the scope and nature of the
investigation performed; and (3) the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's "A
Summary of Your Rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act" (available at
http://www.backgroundbiz.com/docs/Summary-of-Rights.pdf). If the Subject requests, the End-user will make a complete and accurate disclosure of the
nature and scope of the investigation and deliver that disclosure to the Subject within five days.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New Jersey Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Subject has given the End-user written permission to obtain an investigative
consumer report.
If the Report is an investigative consumer
report governed by the New York Fair Credit Reporting Act, the End-user has given the Subject a written statement that, upon written request, the
End-user will inform the Subject whether it ordered an investigative
consumer report and, if so, of the name and address of the consumer reporting agency
that issued it. If the Subject requests this
information, the End-user will provide it
in writing and will inform the Subject in
writing that the Subject may inspect and
receive a copy of the Report by contacting
the consumer reporting agency.
The End-user has (or will have timely) made
any additional disclosures, offered any additional information, and obtained any
additional authorizations required by state law.
When the End-user takes adverse action
based on information in the Report, the End-user will give the Subject oral, electronic, or written
notice: (1) of the adverse action being taken; (2) of the name, mailing address,
toll-free telephone number, and website address of the consumer reporting agency that
provided the information (which is us unless your Resale Intent is CRA Resale or Conduit Resale); (3) that the consumer reporting agency did
not make the decision to take the adverse action and is unable to provide the reasons
why the adverse action was taken; (4) that the Subject can obtain a free copy of a report on the Subject by requesting one from the consumer
reporting agency within 60 days; and (5) that the Subject may dispute the accuracy or completeness of any
information provided by the consumer reporting agency.
If you are ordering the Report for a Resale Intent of No Resale or Non-CRA Resale and the End-user takes adverse action, the End-user will provide a copy of the report that it received
with the notice of adverse action.
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Employee Misconduct Investigation
By ordering or receiving a Report for an End-user Purpose of Employee Misconduct
Investigation, you certify the following, with (1) any capitalized terms used in
these certifications but defined in our Terms of Service
having the meaning stated in our Terms of Service and (2)
the term "End-user" having the meaning assigned
by the Report Certifications that apply to your Resale Intent:
The End-user is currently investigating
either suspected misconduct relating to employment or compliance with law, the rules of
a "self-regulatory organization" as defined in the FCRA, or its pre-existing, written policies as an employer.
If California's Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act governs the Report, the Subject is the subject of the investigation.
If Minnesota States chapter 13C governs the Report, the investigation is into either (1) a current
violation of a criminal or civil statute by a current employee or (2) employee conduct
for which the employer may be liable.
The Report is not governed by New Jersey's
Fair Credit Reporting Act or New York's Fair Credit Reporting Act.
The End-user will not request a credit
report as part of a Report if the Report will be governed by California or
Vermont law.
The End-user is not investigating the Subject's credit worthiness, credit
standing, or credit capacity, even if that is relevant to its investigation.
The End-user will not give the Report to anyone except (1) its employees
and other agents, (2) an officer, agency, or department of any federal, state, or local
government, (3) a "self-regulatory organization" as defined in the FCRA with regulatory authority over it or its employee who is
being investigated; or (4) as required by law.
If the End-user takes adverse action taken
based on information in the Report, the End-user will promptly disclose to the Subject a summary of the nature and
substance of the Report, except that the End-user need not disclose the sources of
information for any part of the Report that
is an investigative consumer report.
The End-user has (or will have timely) made
any additional disclosures, offered any additional information, and obtained any
additional authorizations required by state law.
Report Certification for End-user Purpose of Non-FCRA
By ordering or receiving a Report for an End-user Purpose of Non-FCRA, you certify the following, with (1)
any capitalized terms used in these certifications but defined in our Terms of Service having the meaning stated in our Terms of Service and (2) the term "End-user" having the meaning assigned by the Report Certifications that apply to your Resale Intent:
You have thoroughly educated yourself about when information is a "consumer report" and
about our services.
You understand that we do not intend to give you access to any of our database services
because they may contain information collected, assembled, and evaluated for purposes
regulated by the FCRA.
If you obtain access to any database of information through us, you will immediately
cease use of our services and contact our customer relations group for assistance.
The End-user will not use any information
from the Report for any purpose that the FCRA governs.
Given the End-user's use of information
from the Report, the FCRA does not govern the Report.
If you have had any uncertainty about whether the FCRA governs our Report, you obtained the written opinion of a licensed
attorney that the FCRA does not govern our Report.
The reason that the FCRA does not govern our Report is not because FCRA § 603(o) (which is 15 U.S.C.
§ 1681a(o)) or FCRA
§ 603(y) (which is 15 U.S.C. § 1681a(y)) describes our Report.
We have expressed no opinion that the FCRA does
not govern our Report.
You are not relying on our guidance about whether the FCRA governs the Report.
You will protect us from all third-party (including governmental) claims that, or based
on the assertion that, the FCRA does govern the
Report.