http://www.idepa.pt/eng/policy-privacy
Branding
Promo
Automotive
Yarns
pt
en
About us
Contacts
My Idepa
Payments
BrandingPromoAutomotiveYarns------------------------------HomeAbout usContactsMy IdepaPayments
Policy Privacy
All rights reserved © 2013 IDEPA. The Web site IDEPA and all pages linked to that initiated by http://www.idepa.pt are managed by IDEPA. All content contained in these pages may not be reproduced by any means, electronic or mechanical, for any process or storage of information without permission of the IDEPA.All components of pages, including text, images, files, website design are protected by the laws under the protection of copyrighted and may not be used for commercial purposes without prior permission.The use of any information on this site that will be required to info@idepa.pt, so you can be, or not approved its use in other elements.All information and data used in the site were previously approved. Any information submitted by form or e-mail to this site will only be used for the web site and for no other commercial entity.We believe that the site contains no content can damage the various systems that can be used to view it. If a problem occurs during your viewing is the responsibility solely of the visitor and IDEPA not have charges for damages and costs that might be.All legislation on this website may not dispense with consulting the Official Gazette, where the statute in question was duly published. IDEPA reserves the right to prosecute individuals or organizations whose actions may affect this web site.
Sites Covered by this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement applies to all sites, domains, information portals and records kept by the IDEPA. The process of maintaining a website is a process of evolution, and IDEPA may decide at some future time, without notice, modify the terms of this Privacy Statement. Your use of this website or materials you have obtained indicates that you agree to the Privacy Statement at the time of such use. The Privacy Statement will be published in the existing site and where to check if there was any change at all visits.
Information collected
We collect information about you from various sources, including:Information collected directly from you.Information collected about you when you visit our sites, use our services or view our online ads.All information we collect about you may be combined to help us tailor our communications to you.In general, do not share the user personal information with third parties. Only when required by law and / or public authorities.
Your choices
We give you choices about how we communicate with you.We take precautions to keep your personal information accurate. You can view, correct or update the contact information you provide to IDEPA.
Privacy Controls
IDEPA may update this policy frequently. If you object to these changes, you must cease your use of our Website. The fact continue to use our Website following the notification of changes shall indicate your acknowledgment and acceptance of such changes to the terms and conditions thereof.At the time of the visit each user have read and accept the above Terms of Use. Any clarification on issues or on the privacy statement should be directed to geral@negroesquisso.com
IDEPA 2020 © All rights reserved
Policy Privacy
|
End-User License Agreement
|
Technical File
Design By atransformadora & Developed By NQ Digital Agency
x
x