http://www.novasic.com/terms-of-use/terms-of-use.php
HOME
ABOUT US
SALES
Wafers shipment
Wafers for sale
SERVICES
Polishing
Epitaxy
NEWS
Projects
Events
CONTACT US
"Silicon carbide
and related materials"
Home
| Terms of use
Terms of use
Welcome to NOVASiC's Web site. By accessing and browsing our Web site, you accept these terms of use.
1. THE SITE
This Web site provides company information about NOVASiC. The Web site belongs to NOVASiC whose offices are located at Savoie Technolac, Arche Bat. 4, BP 267, 73375 Le Bourget du Lac Cedex, FRANCE.
2. COMPLIANCE WITH COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK LAWS
The elements you see or read on the Web site,
as well as the Web site's form and substance, are subject to copyright protection. In no event
may you use, distribute, copy, reproduce, modify, distort, or transmit the Web site or any of
its elements, such as text or images without the prior written permission of NOVASiC.
NOVASiC reserves the right to legally
enforce any infringement of its intellectual property rights, including seeking criminal
prosecution.
3. IMAGES DISPLAYED ON THE SITE
The images or photographs displayed on the Web site are either the property
of, or used with permission by, NOVASiC. The use of these images or photographs is
prohibited unless specifically authorized by NOVASiC. Any unauthorized use may
violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, or any other
communications regulations.
4. GENERAL WARNING
NOVASiC shall not be responsible for any damages arising out of your access to, or
use of, the Web site, including any deterioration of, or viruses that may infect, your computer
equipment or any other property. While NOVASiC uses reasonable efforts to include
accurate and up to date information on the Web site, we make no warranties or representations as
to accuracy. NOVASiC assumes no liability or responsibility for any error or
omissions in the content of the Site.
5. LINKS TO OTHER SITES
NOVASiC provides links from the Web site to other sites of affiliated and non-affiliated
companies. Non-affiliated sites are independent from the Web site. NOVASiC does not edit
or control such sites. Links to such sites shall, in no event, constitute an endorsement by or
an association between NOVASiC and such sites and NOVASiC shall not be
responsible for any content, products, services, advertising or other matter presented on
such sites. We remind you that access to, and use of, any affiliated or non-affiliated sites
is subject to their own terms of use and privacy policies.
6. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
The Web site is operated by NOVASiC whose principal office is located in France.
Internet users accessing this Web site from outside of France are responsible for compliance
with any applicable local laws.
7. ACCESS TO THE WEB SITE
NOVASiC reserves the right, for any reason, in its sole discretion, to terminate,
change, suspend or interrupt access, in whole or in part, to the Web site, including its contents,
features, or hours of availability without notice. You acknowledge and agree that in connection
with the use of the Web site you must provide for your own equipment, at your own cost, necessary
to access the World Wide Web.
8. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
For more information on our policies with respect to privacy protection please read our
Privacy Policy.
9. MODIFICATION OF TERMS
NOVASiC reserves the right to modify or update the present terms of use at any
time without notice, so you are encouraged to review them from time to time.
© 2020 NOVASiC. All right reserved | Terms of use |
Design by vhox.com