http://www.ccfv.com/privacy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Collection and Processing of Your Personal Data
By using this Website, you consent to the collection, processing and use of the information as described in this Policy. As may be required by applicable law, and from time to time, CCFV may seek your explicit consent to process data and information collected on the Website or provided by you. CCFV will not subsequently change the way your personal data is used without your consent, as required by applicable law. CCFV may further collect and process any information and data that you provide to us, for example, when you register with CCFV, fill out a form, engage CCFV to conduct its services, subscribe to newsletters, or participate in online surveys, discussion groups or forums, or interact with the Website in any other manner.
E-mail Addresses
If you choose to provide CCFV with your e-mail address, CCFV may communicate with you via e-mail, but CCFV will not share your e-mail address outside of CCFV.
Personal Data Security
CCFV uses industry-standard security technologies and procedures to ensure data security and integrity for collected personal data. CCFV also uses reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect against unauthorized access, misuse, loss, disclosure, alteration and destruction of personal information (under its control) about users of its online client services. Unfortunately, data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed as 100% secure. Therefore, while CCFV strives to protect your personal data, CCFV cannot ensure or warrant the security of the Website, and you use it at your own risk.
Opt-Out
CCFV communicates regularly by email and may also communicate by phone. CCFV may use your email address to confirm your registration of an account, to send you information about our services and/or your search project, and to send legal notices and other disclosures.
You can exercise an opt-out by emailing info@ccfv.com.
Inquiries, Access and Updating Information
CCFV requests your assistance in maintaining the accuracy of the information you have provided to CCFV. If you are a registered user, you are invited to update the information yourself by emailing info@ccfv.com.
If you have any other questions about this privacy statement or if you wish to inspect the information we hold about you, please contact: info@ccfv.com.
A Letter From Our CEO
In light of COVID-19 conditions, we have adopted new procedures and safety measures that have allowed us to continue to accommodate all client needs without missing a beat.
We are shooting and streaming–both on location and in our studio—editing, designing and creating graphics, and delivering solutions for agencies, producers, non-profits, and companies of all size.
We’ve combined cutting-edge technology with the latest health and sanitizing protocols so both clients as well as our employees can continue to operate efficiently, effectively and safely.
Count on us to deliver the product and results you need while we all exercise extreme care in protecting everyone’s health and well-being. Call us or email with any questions or concerns. We are here—and ready to help now.
Jordan Schwartz
Chairman/CEO
Center City Film & Video
CLOSE