http://www.damalini.com/en-us/privacy-policy-easy-laser
Privacy policy
About this privacy policy
Personal information is all data that can be used to identify a single individual, such as your email address. We take every measure to ensure that your personal data is safe with us, and that we comply with the General Data Protecting Regulation (GDPR). In this privacy policy we describe what data we collect, why we collect it and what we do with it.
What data we collect and why
We collect and store personal data that you provide us with through, for example, forms on our website (see below) or exhibitions.
Cookies
When you visit easylaser.com, cookie files are stored on your computer to save certain user preferences. We use the following cookies:
Cookie name
Function
Data stored
ELPrefLang
If you choose to contact our distributor in, for example, Germany, through our Contact or Quote form, the German distributor will be set as your main contact the next time you visit our web site.
Your country selection
cookiewarning
Hides the cookie banner after you click “OK” on the banner.
None
3rd party cookies
A number of 3rd party cookies are used on easylaser.com. They are mainly used to track user interaction, such as which pages you visit, your internet browser, geographical location and IP address. They may also be used for targeted advertising on other platforms.
We use cookies from the following services:
Google Analytics
Google Tag Manager
eMarketeer Web Monitor
Facebook
LinkedIn
You can always choose to remove cookies from your computer at any time. For information on how, click here.
Forms
Our website has several contact forms, designed to help us give you the best possible service. Certain form fields are mandatory, such as your name and which country you reside in. We need this data to process your request.
Contact form
If you choose to contact us through the form on our Contact page, the following personal information is collected and stored so that we can process your request:
Name
Company name
Country
Phone number (not mandatory)
Email address
This data may be stored in our CRM system and email marketing application.* It may also be shared with an Easy-Laser distributor.**
Quote form
If you submit one of the forms to request a quote, the following personal information is collected and stored so that we can process your request:
Name
Company name
Country
Address (not mandatory)
Phone number
Email address
This data may be stored in our CRM system and email marketing application.* It may also be shared with an Easy-Laser distributor.**
Service form
If you submit a Service form, the following personal information is collected and stored so that we can service your system and safely return it:
Company name/Customer code
Order number
Address
Contact person
Phone number
Email address
Delivery address (not mandatory)
Account number (not mandatory)
This data is stored in our web content management system and in an SQL database.*
Newsletter subscription form
If you submit a newsletter subscription form, the following personal information is collected and stored so that we can send you our email newsletter with news and information about Easy-Laser products, services and events:
Email address
This data is stored in our email marketing application.*
Training application form
If you submit a Training application form, the following personal information is collected and stored so that we can contact you regarding training:
Name
Email address
Phone number
Country (not mandatory)
Company (not mandatory)
Title (not mandatory)
This data is stored in our web content management system and in our CRM system.* It may also be shared with an Easy-Laser distributor.**
Chat bot
If you use our chat bot, the data you enter is collected and stored in a database hosted by a 3rd party.* It is also shared with your nearest Easy-Laser distributor.**
Exhibitions and events
If, during an exhibition, you agree to give us your contact information in order to receive more information about our offer, we will store that information in our CRM database.* We may also share it with an Easy-Laser distributor for the same reason. **
*See section 3rd party data processors.
** See section Who do we share your data with?
3rd party data processors
We use 3rd parties to process data on our behalf, such as in a CRM system, email marketing application, or other hosted service. These service providers have signed a Data Processing Agreement which assures that your data is treated in accordance with GDPR regulations.
Who do we share you data with?
We work with a network of distributors. If you are located outside of Sweden and submit a Contact form, Quote form, Training application form, chat bot conversation, or you wish to be contacted after an exhibition, we will share your information with the Easy-Laser distributor closest to your location. We do this so that they can handle your request.
How long do we store your data?
If we have a business relationship, we will store your data for as long as we are legally bound to do so. Otherwise we will store your data for a period of maximum 5 years, unless you have given us active consent to store it longer (for example if you choose to subscribe to our newsletter). If you wish to have your contact details deleted before the 5-year period, or you wish to revoke your consent allowing us to send you marketing send outs, please contact us (see contact information below). All our email newsletters also contain an Unsubscribe link.
Do you want to know which information we store about you, or for your personal information to be deleted?
Please contact us if you want access to the information we store about you, or if you want us to delete your information from our systems. You find the contact information below.
Contact information
Easy-Laser AB
PO Box 149
431 22 Mölndal
Sweden
Phone: +46 31 7086300
info@easylaser.com
Last updated: 15 June 2020