http://www.nahan.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains the data practices of Nahan Printing, Inc. (“Nahan”), defines our users’ (“you” or “your”) privacy options, and describes how your information is collected and used by Nahan (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “Nahan”).
This Privacy Policy, along with our Cookie Policy below and Terms of Use, governs your use of the website at nahan.com (“Site”), and any information we may access through social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn or Twitter. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, we will refer to all of these access points as the Nahan system (“System”).
REVISIONS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this policy from time to time and will mark new versions with a corresponding effective date. We recommend you visit the Site to review any changes in our practices. Your continued use of the System constitutes your agreement to our then-current Privacy Policy.
By using the Nahan System, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, our Cookie Policy, and our Terms of Use.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?
INFORMATION COLLECTED DIRECTLY FROM YOU
We may collect personal information about you in connection with your use of our System. For example, this information may be voluntarily provided when you sign up for a mailing list, register an account, fill out a “Contact Us” form, submit information in connection with a purchase or as part of other online services, fill out an employment application, post comments, or register for an event.
The information we may collect includes, but may not be limited to:
Name;
Email address, phone number, mailing address, and other contact information;
Financial information necessary to process a purchase or other request;
Business affiliations; and
Other information related to your requests, inquiries or employment application.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
Some of the personal information we collect from you may happen automatically. We use tracking technologies such as cookies, log files, and pixel tags to automatically collect information when users visit our System. Information we collect includes but may not be limited to:
IP address to measure our website traffic and to help provide a more personalized experience;
Information regarding your browser and other technical specifications required to use our System;
Your transaction history relating to the use of our products and services;
Computer data or files, often called “cookies,” which may be sent by your web browser and stored on an individual computer to allow our server to “recognize” you through the navigation of the Site, and for us to credit your account for various online transactions; and
Computer data files, often called “web beacons” that are collected from emails or links on third-party sites that allow our server to evaluate the popularity of those links or the information contained in emails or on third-party sites.
For more information, see the “Cookies and Similar Technologies” section below.
COLLECTING INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Our Site and System are not designed for children, and we do not knowingly collect information from any person under the age of 13.
COLLECTING INFORMATION FROM OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
Our Site and System are not designed for use outside of the United States, and we do not knowingly collect or process information from or relating to any person or entity outside of the United States. We do not have an establishment outside of the United States, we do not specifically target our marketing to persons or entities outside of the United States, and we do not conduct business outside of the United States in any meaningful way.
HOW IS THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT USED?
We collect information about you in order to provide you with services and products, and also to collect information that is necessary for the System to work properly. We use personal information for a variety of purposes related to our business, including but not limited to:
Providing services and support
Performing the essential functions of the System including responding to inquiries, fulfilling orders and requests, processing payments, providing support and troubleshooting, and communicating with users about their use of the System or regarding a user initiated inquiry on the System.
Communicating with users about products or services
Sending or initiating direct marketing programs, such as newsletters or information about new products or services we are offering; using content from social media platforms where users discuss our products or use a hashtag related to our products.
Personalizing user experiences on our System
Tailoring content on the System based on user location, preferences, and other personalization factors.
Analytics and System improvement
Tracking information about your visits to our Site or use of the System to allow us to provide better service; using certain online preferences in the aggregate across all users to evaluate the System and develop additional products and services to offer.
Compliance with legal obligations
Sharing information to comply with the law or a legal proceeding, such as in response to a subpoena or court order.
Other purposes necessary to carry out our obligations under this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use or in connection with an application of Employment
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We may share information, in the aggregate, regarding your online browsing preferences to evaluate our products or allow the third parties we work with to better serve our users. We will not share personally identifiable information in these instances, other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
We will not share your information with third parties to directly market their products to you. We may provide user information to third-party service providers or vendors for purposes including but not limited to:
Initiating direct marketing programs on our behalf;
Data tracking;
Maintenance or development of our System;
Development of online products, services, or customer service, or new product development; and
Other contracted promotional opportunities provided to our users.
We may also share this information with any subsidiaries, licensees, suppliers, distributors, affiliates, assigns, successors, or other related entities and their respective owners. We may also share your personal information in connection with law enforcement requests or in response to investigations, subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, or as otherwise required by law.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS
We may also disclose your information to a third party as part of reorganization or a sale of the assets of Nahan.  Any third party to which Nahan transfers or sells the System or related assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies to gather information about your use of our System and to customize your experience using the System.
COOKIES
Cookies are small data files that help us keep track of your usage of the System. Many of the cookies we use enable the System to function as you would expect it to. Cookies enable the System to remember things like your login information so you do not have to re-enter it, items in your shopping cart when you navigate away from the page, user preferences, and other personalized settings. Cookies also enable us to track and analyze user behavior in order to improve our System. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can choose to accept or decline certain types of cookies if you prefer. However, declining cookies may impact the functionality of the System and in some cases you may not be able to access the functions of the System. We use the following categories of cookies on the System:
Session cookies
Session cookies are stored on the user’s hard drive temporarily and are deleted when the user ends the browsing session. Session cookies are useful for things like keepings item in a shopping cart while the user continues to browse.
Persistent cookies
Persistent cookies stay on the user’s hard drive until they expire, even after the browser is closed. Persistent cookies are useful for remembering things like login information, so users do not have to enter their password every time they visit the System.
Third-party cookies
Third party cookies are not installed directly by our System, but by third parties such as advertisers. Third party cookies are used to track advertising preferences from site to site, and to gather data about users’ browsing habits in order to improve the user experience.
CLEAR GIFS
Clear GIFs (also called pixel tags or web beacons) are small files embedded in websites that tell us what content a user accesses and how users navigate the System. Clear GIFs enable us to track and analyze user behavior on the System in order to make it more intuitive and user friendly.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND LINKS
Our System may contain links to other websites. These websites may have privacy policies different than our Privacy Policy. The System may also contain certain social media icons or widgets. Although you can view the material we have linked to, you may have to create an individual account or register to use these third-party social media sites to use interactive features. Any interaction on social media or other third-party websites is governed not by this privacy policy but by the terms of use and privacy policy of the particular platform.
HOW IS USER INFORMATION PROTECTED?
We maintain administrative, physical, and technical controls for all user information collected in our System. Unfortunately, however, the transmission of information is never completely secure. Although we take steps to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any personal information transmitted to us. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
YOUR OPTIONS
By providing information to us or using our System, you are consenting to our use of your data as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
While we work hard to use and disclose our users’ personal information only for the purposes identified above, you can choose not to provide personal information or limit the personal information obtained by us as follows:
You may have your contact information removed from our marketing lists to inform users of new or relevant products, services, and special offers by clicking on the unsubscribe link in any communication received from us, or by emailing us at info@nahan.com; and
You may limit the collection of “cookies” through your browser settings. However, this may disable our ability to provide you with the most relevant products or information regarding the System.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
ACCESS AND CORRECTION RIGHTS
California Civil Code § 1798.83 permits users that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us via the Site.
DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS
The System does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
CONTACTING US
For additional information pertaining to our Privacy Policy, please contact:
Nahan Printing, Inc.
7000 Saukview Drive
St. Cloud, MN 56303
info@nahan.com
Get in Touch
Want to learn how our team can help create effective print material that will increase brand awareness, solidify loyalty, and drive sales? Let’s talk about your print and distribution needs.
First Name*Last Name*Email*
Company/BusinessPhoneReason for Contact*Current CustomerProspective CustomerCommunity RelationsJob SeekerOtherNewsletter Signup
Sign up for our Newsletter
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
By submitting this form, Nahan will collect and use information as outlined in our Privacy Policy
Request a Sample Kit
Our Company Culture
Find a Career