http://www.fofcu.com/firestone-fcu-privacy-policy.aspx
Call us Toll Free at 888-740-8351
Online Banking
Site Search
COVID-19 UPDATE | Newsletter | Forms | Hours & Holidays
Home
About Us
Overview
Membership
Newsletter
Share Accounts
Loans
Rates
Resources
Calculators
Forms
BudgetSmart
Deposits
MyCreditUnion.gov
Equifax Breach
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
What We Do
What Does Firestone Federal Credit Union do with your Personal Information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and Name
Account balances and history
Creditworthiness and Credit historyWhen you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share member’s personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their member’s personal information; the reasons Firestone Federal Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does FFCU share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – Such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes – To offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purpose – Information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purpose – Information about your creditworthiness
Yes
No
For non-affiliates to market to you
No
No
Who We Are
Who is providing this notice?
Firestone Federal Credit Union
What We Do
How does Firestone Federal Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Firestone Federal Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account
Deposit money
Apply for a loan
Why can’t I limit my sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday purposes – information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Non-Affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
GET IN TOUCH
31 Hanna Parkway
Akron, OH 44319
Main: 234-352-1100
Toll Free: 888-740-8351
Email: fstonecu@fstonecu.com
QUICK LINKS
About Us
Share Accounts
Loans
Rates
Resources
Online Banking
©
Firestone Federal Credit Union
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy |
Sitemap |
Contact Webmaster
Akron, OH Web Designby Evolve Creative Group
Sign In