http://www.timeclocksusa.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Time Clocks
USA
800-605-7308
.
Time
Clocks & Systems
Web-based
PC-based
Biometric
Time Totalizers
Electronic
Time Clocks
Battery-Operated
Mechanical Time Clocks
Time Stamps
Closeouts / Reconditioned
Office Essentials
Calculators
Electronic
Reference
Measuring
Devices
Cash
Registers
Cash
Register Add-Ons
Shredders
Typewriters
Miscellaneous Office Items
Supplies
Ribbons
Time Cards
Time Card
Racks
Motors
Keys
Batteries
Other
Items
Badges
Name Badges
Employee Badges
Badge Racks
Badge
Supplies
Time Validation Systems
NASDQ -
OATS
Master Systems
Master Clocks
System Wall Clocks
Stand Alone Wall Clocks
Signal Masters
Signal Devices
Manufacturers
Select ...
Acroprint
Amano
Calculated Industries
FingerTec
Icon
Lathem
Midwest
NOVAtime
PCSignalsUSA
Pyramid
Rapidprint
Reiner
Royal
Simplex
Time Clocks USA
Widmer
batteries
keys
motors
ribbons
time card racks
time cards
Cincinnati
Sign up for our special offers
and occasional newsletter
Mailing List
Email Address:
Home > Privacy Policy
Time Clocks USA - Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such
systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology
and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include www.TimeClocksUSA.com
or Signal Systems, Inc. It also does not
include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe
release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual
sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content
and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work)
Changes to our online Time Clocks USA policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.
This policy was last modified on July 31, 2013.
Questions and Feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions page
outlining the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Your cart is empty.
Acroprint
Amano
Calculated
Industries
FingerTec
Icon
Lathem
Midwest
NOVAtime
PCSignalsUSA
Pyramid
Rapidprint
Reiner
Royal
Simplex
Widmer
Home |
Contact Us |
My Account |
Shipping Policy |
Return Policy |
Privacy Policy |
Sitemap |
Cart Help
© 1995-2020 Time Clocks
USA
800-605-7308