https://www.norwellinc.com/privacy_policy
Search:
Search
Login
If you have an account with us, please log in.
*Email Address
*Password
* Required Fields
Forgot Your Password?
Login
Register
Once registered you'll be able to create and save your wishlist.
Personal Information
*First Name
*Last Name
*Email Address
*Confirm Email Address
Login Information
*Password
*Confirm Password
Stay up to date with mailers and promotions
I agree to Terms and Conditions
* Required Fields
Register
Home
/
Privacy Policy Norwell
Privacy Policy Norwell Lighting
We value the trust you place in Norwell Lighting. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to communicate directly with you regarding the types of data and information that we gather about you on the Site, how we use it, and our approach to security for Personal Data. Norwell Lighting reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice to you. Please review our Privacy Policy periodically and especially before you provide any Personal Data through the Site. If you use the Site after the amended Privacy Policy has been posted on the Site, you will be deemed to have agreed to the amended Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise stated herein, all capitalized terms shall have the meanings attributed to them in the Terms of Use, which are incorporated herein by reference.
INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THE SITE
Norwell Lighting may gather Personal Data from users of the Site to assist in providing superior service, to communicate offers on merchandise and services which we believe will be of interest to you, and to administer our business. In order to best serve you, we may gather information from you in several ways:
PASSIVELY COLLECTED INFORMATION
When you visit the Site we may collect non-personally identifiable information from you. Through the use of computer "cookies" we may collect data, such as your IP address, browser type, domain name, and specific Norwell Lighting web pages through which you click. This data is collected automatically and utilized in the aggregate to help us look for trends so that we can improve our website and your shopping experience. We may store such data, or it may be included in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates, agents or service providers. Additional information regarding computer cookies and how to disable them is described below.
INFORMATION THAT YOU GIVE US
We may collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily choose to use certain Services at this Site and/or contact us with comments or inquiries. We may use the Personal Data that we collect in order to respond to submissions you make to the Site and to improve the Services available at the Site. As an example, when you order catalogs through the Site, we will ask you to voluntarily provide certain personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card number. We need this information to process and fulfill your order and notify you of order status. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information that you provide to us through the Site.
AGGREGATED PERSONAL DATA
In an ongoing effort to better understand our users, Norwell Lighting might analyze the Personal Data in an aggregate form which does not identify you personally. We may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents and business partners, and/or disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
INFORMATION SHARING
Norwell Lighting is not in the business of selling your information. However, in certain circumstances, Norwell Lighting may share your Personal Data with third parties without notice to you including those set forth below:
AGENTS, CONSULTANTS AND RELATED THIRD PARTIES
Norwell Lighting sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. When we employ another company to perform function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.
LEGAL REQUIREMENTS
Norwell Lighting may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, protect and defend the right or property of Norwell Lighting, or to protect against legal liability.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site. The Site may contain links to other sites. Norwell Lighting is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
SECURITY FOR PERSONAL DATA
Norwell Lighting maintains commercially reasonable practices and procedures designed to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We restrict access to Personal Data, permitting access only to those employees or contractors that need to know in order to carry out their business functions. When credit card information is transmitted online, we use an industry standard security measure called SSL (secure socket layer encryption). However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error-free.
COOKIES
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by the browser on your hard drive. Norwell Lighting may store some information on your computer in the form of a cookie or similar file. The cookies that are configured by us do not contain any personally identifying information, such as your name, or sensitive information, such as your credit card number. The cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to our Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you. For example, these files allow us to tailor your waterworks.com experience to reflect your expressed interests and preferences and to access your personal portfolio. Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying you when such a file is stored. Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function. If you do elect to disable the waterworks.com cookie, please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience at the Site.
YOUR CHOICES
As outlined in the Privacy Policy, you can always choose not to provide your Personal Data to the Site, however doing so may prevent you from obtaining certain information or using certain Services. Once the Service is available through the Site, Norwell Lighting may send you e-mails with promotional offers and information only if you affirmatively opt-in to receiving such e-mails.
CONTACT US
If you have questions, desire to update or correct your Personal Data, or would like further information regarding our information practices, please feel free to contact us at customerservice@norwellinc.com
Products
Where to buy
ADA Products
Catalog
Finishes
About Norwell
Subscribe to our siteand stay up to date
Sign Up
All Norwell products are UL listed
Copyright © 2018 Norwell Lighting. All Rights Reserved
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy