https://www.partnersinleadership.com/privacy/
Privacy Statement
Your privacy and trust are important to us at Partners In Leadership, LLC and this Privacy Policy Statement (“Statement”) explains how we (“Partners,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “Company”) collect, handle, store and protect personal information about you in the context of our services and various product offerings.
1. What We Do:
Partners provides Accountability Training® and Culture Change consulting services to corporate customers. Our corporate customers in turn, share access to Partners’ Proprietary Materials with their employees or other approved representatives, including you. The corporate customer decides on how best to utilize Partners’ Proprietary Materials – within the terms of the agreement with us. If you would like to know about the data use practices of the company or other organization that provides access to Partners’ Proprietary Materials to you, please contact such organization (i.e., your employer).
Partners also offers access to Partners’ Proprietary Materials directly to individual subscribers who may, in turn, share access to Partners’ Proprietary Materials with their team members or other approved representatives, including you. The individual subscriber decides on how best to utilize Partners’ Proprietary Materials – within the terms of the agreement with us.
2. Who This Statement Applies To And What It Covers:
This Statement applies to any individual who uses any Partners’ website(s), application, including mobile application (“app”), product, software, and/or service of ours that hyperlinks to this Statement (these are our “Services”). This Statement also applies to live interactions with individuals such as via customer service, live seminars, or physical mail.
3. Sources Of Personal Information We Collect:
We collect personal information about you from your interactions with us and from certain third parties and other sources (such as your employer or the subscriber providing access to our Services or from publicly available sources where permissible).
When you register for a course, webinar, seminar or online tool, you provide us information about the organization you are affiliated with (our corporate customer), your name and business contact information and certain other profile information that we ask of you. We process your information for authentication purposes, to verify your eligibility to access Partners’ Proprietary Materials, to deliver Partners’ Proprietary Materials to you and to send you information about our terms, our Services and other Partners’ Proprietary Materials that we believe may be interesting to you. If you contact us with questions or respond to our emails, you may be disclosing additional information at your own choice.
When you access Partners’ Proprietary Materials online, we also receive information about your device, software, usage times and locations. Our browser-based app version also places cookies as necessary to provide functionality to you. When you attend ‘live’ seminars, at our locations, our registration personnel collect information about your attendance and you may be recorded by security cameras. We process usage information to deliver, improve and optimize our Partners’ Proprietary Materials, to protect you, us and other users from fraud and misuse, and to determine what information, features, promotional information, and other services you need or may be interested in.
If you submit any personal information relating to anyone other than yourself, you represent that you have obtained any necessary consent from that individual for use and disclosure of that individual’s personal information as described in this Statement.
4. Your Personal Online Company ID:
To sign up for and to log on to Partners’ various web services (e.g., PILtools.com, Propellerapp.com, etc.), you will be requested to create a unique identification password and username. This convenient service saves you time and allows for easier use of our web services. You will need to create a personal profile by providing your name, phone number, email address, and in some cases your mailing address. Our system saves this information in your personal profile and assigns you your own unique personal login which you can use when performing various activities.
If applicable, Subscribers may be asked for a billing address and/or a credit card number. This information is passed on to our payment processor, Stripe, and is not saved by our system. You may review Stripe’s privacy practices here.
5. Why We Collect Personal Information:
We collect your personal information to provide our Services or content you have requested. When you access Partners’ Proprietary Materials online, we receive information about your device, software, usage times, and usage locations. When you attend ‘live’ seminars, at our locations, our registration personnel collect information about your attendance and you may be recorded by security cameras. We process usage information to deliver, improve, and optimize our Partners’ Materials; to protect you, us and other users from fraud and misuse; and to determine what information, features, promotional information, or other services you need or may be interested in. We may use contact information provided by you to communicate about information, features, promotional information, or other services you have requested to may be interested in. You may submit an opt-out request to suppress such communications by contacting us via one of the methods below.
Information you provide may be used to help us respond to your customer service requests or support needs more efficiently.
We may use your contact information to respond to inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. The email address may also be used to send notifications of changes to our Services or these terms or data collected.
Our Services may use “cookies” to enhance your experience. Your web browser places cookies on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about you. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, note that some of our Services may not function properly.
6. How We Protect Your Personal Information:
The Company takes precautions—including administrative, technical, and physical measures—to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Our online services use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption for communications and to make online purchases you must use an SSL-enabled browser in order to protect the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it is transmitted over the internet. You can help us by also taking precautions to protect your personal data when you are on the internet. Do not share your account or login information. Change your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure web browser.
While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining your personal information.
7. When We Would Disclose Your Information:
The Company takes your privacy very seriously. The Company does not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers. We do not disclose your individual registration or usage data to third parties, except as follows:
– With the company, organization, or subscriber that provides access to Partners Materials or other content or services requested to you.
– With your consent. You can always revoke your consent for the use of your personal information by sending an e-mail to that effect to the e-mail address listed below.
– With service providers all over the world that help us deliver our service or content requested by you subject to strict confidentiality agreements.
– We share aggregated usage statistics that cannot be used to identify you individually.
– As required by law or to protect you, other users, us or third parties from harm, including fraud, data security breaches or where someone’s physical safety may be at risk.
– In a reorganization or sale of our Company or assets, your data may be transferred, subject to the acquirer accepting the commitments made in this Statement and compliance with applicable law.
Without such information being made available, it would be difficult for you to purchase products, have services provided to you, receive customer service, provide feedback, or access certain services, offers, and content on our web site.
8. Privacy of Children:
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. In the case we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you discover that the personal information of someone under 18 has been provided, please contact us immediately to request removal of the same.
9. Links to Sites and Services of Other Companies:
Within our Services, there may be links to third-party websites or applications. We are not responsible for the content or privacy compliance of third-party websites or applications. You should check those websites or applications for their privacy statements and terms that apply to them.
We use third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services. Such third parties may have limited access to your personal information in order to perform tasks (e.g., security detection, communication, storage, or web analytics) on our behalf.
10. Storing and Managing Collected Information:
We will retain information collected under the terms of the subscription or service agreement for the subscriber or organization providing your account. If you would like to review the personal identification information we have collected from you via our Services or if you would like us to delete personal identification information that you have provided via our Services, please contact us in writing using the contact information below and we will respond to verifiable requests within a reasonable time or as required under applicable law(s).
We may retain and use your information longer than stated as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
11. Privacy Information for California Residents:
This section outlines privacy rights and practices applicable to California residents.
California Do Not Track Disclosures: The Services do not respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals. We may also participate in analysis or interest-based advertising using cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies. This means that you can see ads on services that suit your online experience, or you can see affiliate advertisements on other sites based on your browsing activity. We may advertise on sites that are part of ad networks. The ad networks use browsing history to choose which advertisements to display on their network sites. These advertisements include advertising for Partners and our Services. Other sites where our advertisements appear can use the interest preferences you have selected via the Services, as well as other information about you, to select advertisements to present to you.
Y ou can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads from third parties who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages athttp://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ .
A summary of the categories of personal information our Services have collected in the preceding 12-month period:
– Identifiers including real name, mailing address, IP address, email address, telephone number
– Employment information to the extent your access to our Services is provided by an organization or your employer
– Geolocation data
– Inferences to create a profile based on information provided and your interactions with our Services
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 Disclosure Request: California residents may request disclosure of: categories and sources of personal information collected about the resident, purpose for collecting the personal information, categories of third-parties with whom the personal information is shared, and the specific pieces of personal information collected about the resident.
We do not sell personal information. We may share personal identifier personal information such as your real name, mailing address, IP address, email address, or telephone number with our trusted third-party processors to provide Services you have requested.
A request for disclosure under the CaCPA or deletion of your personal information can be sent to us using our contact information below. You can submit up to two requests within a 12-month period. Please include an indication that your request is related to a California resident privacy inquiry. Once received, we will review and, if properly submitted and verified, respond within a reasonable time as set forth under California law at the time of submission.
12. Privacy and Visitors Outside the United States:
If you reside outside the United States, please be aware that any information collected and/or provided via the Site will be transferred from your country to the United States. You consent to have your information transferred, processed, and stored in the United States and under United States privacy standards. Once reviewed, the information may be transmitted to a representative authorized to represent Partners in your country. The representative may be outside the United States but obligated to treat any information received consistent with this Statement.
If your organization or subscriber is outside the United States, transfers of personal information may be governed by specific agreements to provide adequate protections for your data in such jurisdictions. Please inquire with your organization or subscriber to determine whether and which terms apply to your account.
13. Further Questions:
You can opt out of marketing messages, set your communication and privacy preferences, or submit other requests at any time by contacting us using the contact information below. Under the laws in your country, you may have a right to access personal information about you, to correct such information and to request the deletion of your personal data in accordance with applicable law. You may also be entitled to object to certain data processing activities or to revoke consent previously granted, to the extent permitted by local law. Such requests may be submitted for review, verification, and appropriate action using the contact information below.
14. Effective Date; Updates to Privacy Policy:
The terms and conditions in this Statement came into effect on December 4, 2018. We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Statement at any time and in any manner. When we change the policy in a material way we will provide a prominent notice such as by posting a notification on the main page of our web site or sending a message to the email address associated with your profile. Your use of our Services after any such changes are implemented constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of these changes. Please consult this Statement prior to every use for any changes.
15. Contacting Us:
If you have any questions about this Statement, our privacy practices, or your interactions with our Services, please contact us:
1. By mail to Privacy Agent, c/o Partners in Leadership; and/or
2. By email to info@partnersinleadership.com ;
3. By internet at https://www.partnersinleadership.com/about-us/contact-us/ ;
4. By telephone at (800)-504-6070.