http://www.smpcorp.com/en/privacy
Privacy
Website Privacy Policy
Last modified: January 1, 2020
Introduction
Standard Motor Products, Inc. (“SMP,” “Company” or “We”) respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy (the “Privacy Policy”).
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit SMP’s and its affiliates’ websites or mobile applications (together, our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website;
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website; and
Through mobile and desktop applications offered by SMP or its affiliates;
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This policy may change from time to time. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device, such as IP address or unique mobile device identifiers (“Personal Information”);
That is about you but does not identify you individually, such as aggregated data that provides information about performance of advertisement campaigns within certain demographics; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. The information we collect automatically may include Personal Information or we may associate it with Personal Information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service. These automatic data collection technologies include:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
Your search queries on the Website.
Information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small text file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer or other device when a website is loaded. They are widely used to recognize you and remember your preferences. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system may issue cookies when you use our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies). A flash cookie is a piece of data that websites which use Adobe Flash may store on a user’s computer to collect information about that user’s preferences and navigation to, from, and on the website. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for cookies, see the section titled Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related Website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Mobile Device Identifiers. Device operating systems, like Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android, provide mobile device identifier technology for purposes of allowing mobile applications and their advertising partners to recognize a device over time. These identifiers can be used the same way as cookies, but for mobile applications instead of browsers.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information, in order to:
Present and maintain our Website and its contents to you.
Provide you with information, products, or services.
Personalize, advertise, and market our products, services, and offers.
Notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
Allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
Maintain and improve our products and services.
Detect security incidents.
Provide customer support to you and our other members, customers, and visitors.
Gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our products and services.
Monitor the usage of our Website.
Monitor and analyze our effectiveness and marketing activities.
Monitor aggregate usage metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.
For any other purpose with your consent or for which you provide the information.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of SMP’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information held by SMP about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information or with your consent.
We may also disclose your Personal Information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of SMP, our customers, or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Information you provide to us.
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash® cookie settings, visit the Flash® Player settings page on Adobe®’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote products or services via email, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data or unsubscribe here. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
Targeted Advertising. If you would like more information about the practice of delivering advertisements according to target-audience preferences, and to learn how to opt out of it, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance located at http://optout.aboutads.info and Network Advertising Initiative’s located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Mobile Devices. Mobile devices have an advertising identifier that gives companies the ability to serve targeted ads to a specific mobile device. Depending on your specific device, you may be able to limit advertising or reset the advertising identifier within your mobile device privacy settings. Another tool you can use to control advertising on your mobile device is the AppChoices App located at http://youradchoices.com/appchoices. You may also choose to turn off the device’s location tracking on your mobile device depending on your specific device.
The third-party websites, applications, software and trademarks in this section are not endorsed, affiliated with or sponsored by SMP.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
privacy@smpcorp.com.
Additional Information Regarding California
The information contained in this section applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Where noted in this Notice, the CCPA temporarily exempts Personal Information reflecting a written or verbal business-to-business communication (“B2B Personal Information”) from some its requirements. The following chart details which categories of Personal Information about California residents we have collected or disclosed within the preceding 12 months:
Category
Examples
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some Personal Information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Inferences drawn from other Personal Information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
As described above, we collect this Personal Information directly from you and from other sources such as marketing partners, social media platforms and other third parties and we may share this Personal Information with our affiliates, service providers and marketing partners.
We do not sell Personal Information to third parties. We do share Personal Information with third parties for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including without limitation advertising and marketing based on users’ online activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business or Commercial Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a business or commercial purpose:
Identifiers.
California Customer Records Personal Information categories.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Commercial information.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Geolocation data.
Professional or employment-related information.
Inferences drawn from other Personal Information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Upon request, once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see the section titled Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business or commercial purpose, a list identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
We do not provide these access and data portability rights for B2B Personal Information.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see the section titled Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We do not provide these deletion rights for B2B Personal Information.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing us at privacy@smpcorp.com.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Methods for Submitting Consumer Requests and Our Response to Requests
Upon receipt of a request and in order to protect your privacy and the security of Personal Data about you, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. Any additional information you provide will be used only to verify your identity and not for any other purpose. We will acknowledge the receipt of your request within ten (10) days of receipt. Subject to our ability to verify your identity, we will respond to your request within 45 days of receipt.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.