https://www.omastecnosistemi.it/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy of www.omastecnosistemi.it
This application collects some Personal Data of their users.
Personal Data Controller
OMAS TECNOSISTEMI S.P.A. UNIPERSONALE
E-mail address of the Owner: marketing@omastecnosistemi.it
Type of Data collected
Within the personal data collected from this application, independently or through third parties, there are: Name, Surname, Telephone Number, Nation, E-mail, Business Name, Cookie and Data utilization.
The complete details of each type of the data collected are supplied into the section dedicated to this Privacy Policy or by means of specific informative text displayed before the collection of the data themselves.
The personal data can be freely provided from the User or, in case of Data utilization, they are automatically collected during the use of this Application. .
All the data required in this application are mandatory and if they are not given, it might be impossible for this Application to supply the service.
In the event that this application indicates some data as optional, the users are free to refrain to communicate these data, without this having any consequences on the availability of the service or on the operations.
The users that might have doubts about which data are mandatory they are encouraged to contact the Owner.
The potential utilization of Cookie or other instruments of tracking – by this Application or from the owner of the third services used from this Application, unless otherwise specified, is aimed to supply the service required by the User in addition to other purposes described in the present document and into the Cookie Policy, if available.
The User takes the responsibility of the personal data of third person published or shared by means of this Application and guarantees to have the right to communicate them or spread them thus allowing the owner to be free from any responsibility towards third parties.
Mode and place of the Data collected
Methods of Treatment
The Owner processes the Personal Data of the Users by adopting the appropriate measures of security designed to prevent the access, the spread, the modification or the unauthorized destruction of the personal data. .
The treatment is carried out by using IT and/or telematics tools, with organizational methods and with logics closely related to the indicated finality. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, they could have access to the data some categories of representatives involved in the organization of the web site (staff from the administration, sales, marketing, legal, administrators of the system) that is, external subjects (such as supplier of third technical services, couriers, postal, hosting provider, IT companies, communications agencies) named also, if necessary; Responsible of the Treatment by the Owner. The updated list of the Responsible can be requested to the Personal Data Controller at any time.
Place
The data are processed in the operational offices of the Owner and any other place in which the involved parties in the treatment are localized. For any further information, please contact the Owner.
Times
The data are processed for the necessary time for the execution of the required service by the User or required from the finality required in this document and the User can always ask the treatment of the cancellation of the data.
Finality of the Treatment of the collected Data
The data of the Users are collected to allow the Owner to supply its services, as for the following purposes:
To Contact the User, for the interaction with social networks and external platforms and contacts management and sending messages.
The type of Personal Data used for any purpose are indicated in the specific section of this document.
Details on the treatment of the Personal Data
The personal data are collected for the following finality and using the following services:
To Contact the User
Contacts management and sending of the messages
Social network interaction and external platforms
Further information on the Treatment
Defence in Court
The Personal Data of the User can be used by the Owner in court or in the introductory phases to its eventual establishment for the defense against abuse during the use of this Application or in the connected services by the User. .
The User declares to be aware that the Owner might be asked to reveal its data under the request of the public authorities.
Specific Information
On the request of the User, in addition to the information contained in this Privacy Policy, this Application might supply to the User some additional and contextual information related to specific service, or the collection and the Treatment of the Personal Data.
Log of system and Maintenance
According to the needs related to the functioning and to the maintenance, this application and any potential third services used by it, can collect LOG of system, that is, files that record the interactions and may contain Personal data also, such as the IP address of the User.
Information not contained in this Policy
More information related to the Treatment of the Personal Data can be required to the Owner of the Treatment using the information of contact.
Exercise of the rights by the Users
The subjects whose the Personal Data refers have the right to obtain the confirmation of the existence or not of the Owner of the treatment in any moment, to know the content and the origin, to verify the accuracy or ask for the integration, the cancellation, the updating, the rectification, the transformation into an anonymous form or the blocking of the personal data treated in violation of the law as well as to oppose in any case for legitimate reasons to their treatment.
The requests must be addressed to the Owner of the Treatment.
This application does not support requests “Do Not Track”. .
In order to know if the potential services of third parties used support them. The User is invited to consult the corresponding Privacy Policy.
Modification to this Privacy Policy
The Personal Data Controller (Owner) reserves the right to make changes to this present Privacy Policy and advertise it to the Users of this page. So please, often consult this page, taking as a reference the date of the last modification indicated on the bottom. In the case of missing acceptance of the present Privacy Policy the User is asked to cease the use of this Application and he can ask to the owner of the Treatment of the data to remove its own personal data.
Unless otherwise specified, the previous privacy policy will be applied to the personal data collected until that moment.
Information of this Privacy Policy
The Personal Data Controller is responsible for this Privacy Policy, that was written starting from some format that were prepared by iubenda and stored on its servers.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Our website uses cookies, which could include also third party cookies. If you want to find out more about the cookies, you can access our Cookie Policy.
By continuing your visit on the website, you consent to the use of the cookies.
AcceptReject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy