http://www.guardiancu.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Full privacy policy
Review the Guardian Credit Union full privacy policy.
Online privacy policy
Guardian Credit Union respects your right to privacy. When you visit our website, you may be providing information to Guardian Credit Union on two different levels: anonymous statistics collected as you browse the site and personal information you knowingly give us.
Security of your information
Guardian Credit Union would like to assure you that we do not:
Collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us, or
Sell the names and addresses of our members and site users to outside parties.
Guardian Credit Union does:
Safeguard members’ and site users’ information from unauthorized access, and
Maintain the confidentiality of member information which you provide to us.
Non-personally identifiable information
When you visit our website, we collect anonymous statistics to monitor our site’s performance and inform our marketing efforts, such as:
How many people visit our site
The day and date of the visit
The pages visited
From which domains our visitors come, and
Which browsers people use to visit our site
We may use non-personally identifiable information such as cookies and IP addresses to provide targeted marketing. While we gather this information, none of it is associated with you as an individual.
Personally identifiable information
Within www.guardiancu.org, you may be asked to give us personal information in order to apply for membership, a loan, or other services. Our application forms securely collect personal and financial information. The information that we collect on our applications is used only to process your request quickly and accurately. When you submit an application, your personal and financial information is encrypted. To confirm that your application form is secure, look for the image of a lock or key near the address bar of your browser window. If the lock is closed or the key appears whole, then you are viewing a secure page. Otherwise, the lock may appear as open or the key appear as broken.
Leaving our website via links to other sites
You can link to other websites from www.guardiancu.org. If you link to another website from any of our pages, you are leaving Guardian Credit Union’s website and are linking to a website not operated by the credit union. We cannot be held responsible for the content of the alternate website, nor do we represent either the third party or the member if the two enter into a transaction. An alternate website’s privacy and security policies may differ from those of Guardian Credit Union. Therefore, we encourage you to read the policies of the websites reached through the use of links from the credit union website.
Opting out of Guardian Credit Union emails
Guardian Credit Union may communicate with members or website visitors via email, when an email address has been furnished by the member/website visitor. Members or website visitors may opt-out of marketing emails at any time by emailing marketing@guardiancu.org.
Collecting data from children
Guardian Credit Union does not knowingly collect, maintain or use personal information from our website about children under age 13. If a child whom we know to be under age 13 sends personal information to us online, we will only use that information to respond directly to that child, notify parents, or seek parental consent.
Website accessibility
Guardian Credit Union is committed to providing a website that is as accessible as our branches. Read more about our website accessibility standards here.
Contacting us regarding this policy
If you have questions about the privacy or security of Guardian Credit Union’s web site, please contact us here, by phone at (414) 546-7450 or by email to marketing@guardiancu.org.
You are now leaving Guardian Credit Union
You will be linking to another website not owned or operated by Guardian Credit Union. Guardian Credit Union is not responsible for the availability or content of this website and does not represent either the linked website or you, should you enter into a transaction. We encourage you to review their privacy and security policies which may differ from Guardian Credit Union.
You will be redirected to
Click the link above to continue or CANCEL
homebanking.guardiancu.org
cs.loanspq.com
onlinebanking.guardiancu.org