http://www.ticcorp.com/pages/return-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Home
›
Return Policy
Return Policy
You may return most new, unopened items within 30 days of delivery for a full refund (less shipping and restocking fees). We will also pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc.). Returns are only applicable to products purchased directly from TIC and its website (www.ticcorp.com). TIC products purchased at other retailers and resellers is subject to their respective return policies.
To return a purchased product, you must first obtain an official RMA (Return Materials Authorization) number within 30 days of delivery. You can request a RMA number by logging a ticket at our support portal (www.ticcorp.com/support).The original purchaser must return the entire shipped and damaged product in its original packaging directly to TIC. RMA numbers are only valid for a 30-day period. All returns must be shipped freight pre-paid, securely packaged in the original packaging with the TIC RMA number clearly visible. Tracking number is highly recommended.Returns will be credited at the price paid less shipping and 20% restocking fees or replaced under the conditions of our limited 1-year warranty policy. Returns not received within thirty days (30) are considered accepted. Once an RMA numbered is issued, it will be good for 30 days only and must be received back in that time or the RMA is considered cancelled. Defective returns may be credited if returned within 30 days of purchase or repaired and/or replaced under the product's warranty policy. In the case that an order was shipped under a free shipping promotion, we reserve the right to deduct the original shipping cost from the refund total.The original purchaser must include with any returns: the original invoice and packaging along with the complete original product in an un-tampered condition. Any and all modifications or adjustments to the original TIC product will void the product warranty and relinquish any or all obligation by TIC to service or repair the unit. TIC products showing misuse or abuse will not be subject to credit or repair and replacement.If you need to return an item, please contact us here with your order number and details about the product you would like to return. We will respond with instructions for how to return items from your order within 2 business days.You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of shipping back your product(s) (though in much shorter time frame in most cases). This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper (5 to 10 business days), the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it (3 to 5 business days), and the time it takes your bank to process our refund request (5 to 10 business days).Sales of discontinued items are purchased "as is" and not subject to warranty conditions.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh