http://www.westpac.com.au/privacy/cookies/
close
We use cookies to secure and tailor your web use. Our notice explains how we use cookies and how you can manage them. By continuing to use this site we assume you're ok with our notice.
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to access and inclusion page
Skip to search input
Close
Sign in
Personal
Business
Corporate
About us
Help
Sign in
Sign in
All Sign in
Online Banking - Personal
Online Banking - Business
Corporate Online
Home
Home
Personal
Personal
All Personal
Bank accounts
Home loans
Credit cards
Personal loans
International & Travel
Insurance
Investments
Share Trading
Super
Services
Westpac Online Banking
Ways to pay on the go
Business
Business
All Business
Bank accounts
Savings
Credit cards
Business loans
Merchants and Payments
Business Super
Insurance for Businesses
Biz Invoice
FX & International
Industry specific banking
Online Banking for Business
Help for your business
Current offers
COVID-19: Help for businesses
Corporate
Corporate
All Corporate
Corporate & institutional
Transaction banking
Financial markets
Corporate & structured finance
Trade & supply chain finance
Corporate Online
Westpac IQ
About us
About us
All About us
Westpac Group
200 years of help
Investor Centre
Media centre
Westpac Wire
Careers
Sustainability
Our Foundations
Global locations
Inclusion & diversity
Innovation
Help
Help
All Help
Contact us
Locate us
Lost or stolen cards
Frequently asked questions
Life moments
Community
Indigenous & Remote Banking
Customers in need of extra care
Disaster Relief
COVID-19: Customer Support
Disaster help
Privacy
Cookies
Credit Reporting Policy
EU Data Protection Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy reforms
Comprehensive Credit Reporting
Statement of Notifiable Matters
Westpac surveys
Privacy
Cookies
Cookie Notification
Westpac Banking Corporation uses cookies on its websites and apps to provide you with a better experience and so we can tailor content for you.
What are cookies?
A Cookie is a small text file that is downloaded onto ‘terminal equipment’ (e.g. a computer, tablet or smartphone) when you access a website or app. Cookies record information about your visit to our websites, allowing us to remember you the next time you visit and provide a more meaningful experience. Cookies are also used for profiling activities to measure and enhance the effectiveness of our marketing and in order to improve our services to you. We also use cookies to secure and verify your use of Online Banking.
How is your information being collected via cookies?
We use cookies to collect personal information directly from you when you interact with us through our public and secured websites, mobile or tablet applications.
We use cookies for the purposes outlined in the table below:
Purpose of cookie
Description
Our grounds for using this type of cookie
Security
Cookies can help secure a users experience by simplifying login, maintaining session integrity or validate content entered into form fields. We do this to:
Comply with our legal obligations outside the EU
Effectively manage our business risks
Verify online banking customers and carry out other essential security checks to offer you a secure and reliable online banking service
To comply with EU law
Our legitimate interests
Personalise and improve your customer experience
Cookies can be used to remember user preferences or understand traffic to webpages. We do this to:
Help us to remember you the next time you visit our websites
Help us identify products and services that may be of interest and value to you
Tailor digital content to your likely interest
Improve the pages or sites visited by making them faster or more efficient.
Our legitimate interests
Measurement and analysis
Cookies can be used to collect data about users browsing or location. This data is stored and analysed by us. We do this to :
Effectively manage our business risks
Measure effectiveness of our marketing, including via third parties, in order to improve our services to you
Our legitimate interests
Marketing
Cookies can be used to launch segment targeted marketing campaigns, promote new services or websites. We do this to:
Determine which products or services may be of interest and value to you and to tell you about them
Advise you of new services or website / app features.
Our legitimate interests
Communication
Cookies can be used to send segment or targeted messages to you. We do this to:
Comply with our legal obligations outside the EU
Effectively manage our business riskss
Send relevant messages to you
To comply with EU law
Our legitimate interests
To find out more about how we treat your personal data and what your rights are in relation to that data, please read our Westpac Privacy Policy and our EU Data Protection Policy.
How to manage or delete cookies
You can choose to change your browser’s cookie settings via your browser privacy settings, including blocking the use of cookies. However, if you choose to delete or block cookies, your experience on Westpac websites or applications may be limited.
See instructions to manage your preferences for web browsers listed below:
Google Chrome
Open your Chrome browser > go to Customise and Control Google Chrome > Settings > Main Menu > Advanced > Privacy and Security > Content Settings > Cookies. Then you can choose your settings. For more instructions visit how to adjust cookie settings on mobile devices.
Safari
Go to Settings > Safari > Preferences > Privacy. Then you can choose your settings. For more information, including on mobile visit how to adjust cookie settings on Apple devices.
Internet Explorer and Edge
Open the browser > select Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced. Then you can choose your settings. For more information visit Microsoft Support.
Mozilla Firefox
Open Firefox > select Tools > Options > Privacy >Cookies. You can then choose your settings. For more information visit Mozilla support.
Apps
You need to delete or uninstall the app from your device to delete cookies. This applies to the following apps.
Westpac Live
St George Mobile Banking
BankSA Mobile Banking
Bank of Melbourne Mobile Banking