https://www.holidayrambler.com/privacy-policy-disclaimers
2021
2020
Armada 2021
Endeavor 2021
Navigator 2021
Nautica 2021
Diesel
Vacationer 2021
Invicta 2021
Admiral 2021
Gas
Endeavor 2020
Navigator 2020
Diesel
Vacationer 2020
Invicta 2020
Admiral 2020
Gas
Research
Build & Price
Brochures
Holiday Rambler Chassis
Get Updates
Questions About a Current Model?
Price & Inventory
Get a Quote
Search Inventory
Incentives & Offers
Locate A Dealer
Support
Owner Manuals
Change of Ownership
Technical Assistance
Service & Maintenance
Parts
Motorhome Service Centers
Warranty
Community
Owners Club
Events
Contact Us
Locate A Dealer
Factory Tours
Travel Blog
A Legacy of Adventure
About REV Group
Motorhomes
Shop
Owners
About
Locate a Dealer
Build & Price
Privacy Policy
Cookies disclaimer:Use of Cookies and Privacy Policy UpdateWe use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic and personalize content. If you continue to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies.Privacy PolicyREV Group, Inc. (“REV Group”), and its affiliates and subsidiaries appreciates your interest in our products and services. Your privacy is important to us, and we want you to feel comfortable viewing our website and providing information to us. This Privacy Statement describes how REV Group may collect and handle your Non-Personal Information and Personal Information in connection with your activities with REV Group, including those related to Internet services controlled by REV Group, including websites and FTP servers. You should read this Privacy Statement before using this website and before engaging REV Group for products or services.We reserve the right to revise this privacy statement, so we encourage you to review it periodically.Collection and Use of InformationREV Group collects two types of information about our users: Non-Personal Information and Personal Information.Non-Personal Information is the anonymous information that is automatically collected when you use any of REV Group’s Internet services. Non-Personal Information includes, but is not limited to: IP (Internet Protocol) address; server IP address; server port; domain used to access a REV Group Internet service; referring domain or website; type and version of operating system and web browser; search query (keywords entered into a search engine); the date and time the access occurred; which resources were accessed. Non-Personal Information is used in aggregate form in order to track and improve the efficiency of REV Group Internet services. REV Group may also use Non-Personal Information as part of an investigation of any suspected data event.Personal Information means any information about an identifiable individual, and may include, but is not limited to: (i) your name, address, phone number, fax number, or email address; and (ii) credit and/or billing information. Personal Information is collected by REV Group when you voluntarily give it to REV Group. We may also receive Personal Information from our business partners and other third parties, provided that such parties confirm to us that you have consented to the disclosure to REV Group of your Personal Information.REV Group collects and uses Personal Information to provide you with the products and/or services you have requested from us and to contact you in order to provide you with product-related information, including: news; training and support; customized services; product documentation; and promotional materials. You may at any time withdraw your consent to any further collection, use or disclosure of Personal Information by giving us reasonable notice.ConfidentialityAny personal information you may choose to share with us may be used for marketing research or other marketing and service-related purposes, such as updates and customer satisfaction. This information will not be disclosed to anyone outside of our company (including its respective subsidiaries and affiliates), subsidiaries, affiliates, authorized resellers, business partners, component manufacturers or licensed dealers, unless required by law. We do not exchange or sell your personal information to any other company. On May 25, 2018, the European Union implemented new privacy regulations, known as the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). REV Group’s corporate Privacy Policy addresses GDPR. If you have any concerns or questions related to your data or REV Group compliance with GDPR, you should contact the REV Group Data Privacy Officer (DPO) at privacy@revgroup.com.Data SecurityREV Group shall take reasonable steps to protect the Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. REV Group has put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures designed to safeguard and secure the Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction.Data IntegrityREV Group shall only use Personal Information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected or authorized by the individual. To the extent necessary for those purposes, REV Group shall take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information is accurate, complete, current and reliable for its intended use.AccessREV Group shall allow an individual access to their Personal Information and allow the individual to correct, amend or delete inaccurate Personal Information, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the privacy of the individual in question or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated, or as otherwise prohibited by law.Dispute ResolutionREV Group shall investigate questions and complaints about our information collection practices outlined and is committed to resolve any privacy concerns that individuals may have regarding this policy. REV Group has agreed to participate in the dispute resolution procedures of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) to resolve disputes pursuant to the Principles. A resident of the European Union (EU) whose inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed may contact either the EU DPAs panel at ec-dppanel-secr@ec.europa.eu or individual EU DPAs using the information provided at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/eu/index_en.htm.Required DisclosureREV Group may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including requests to meet national security or law enforcement requests.Onward TransfersREV Group acknowledges that it is liable for onward transfers to third parties.Site Traffic Monitoring We collect anonymous information about every visit to our website by tracking Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. IP addresses are not linked to any personal information associated with the individual visitor. The information is used to improve our website and make your access to our website convenient and efficient. Like many other websites, the REV Group website uses "cookies" to allow us to better serve your interests. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in site traffic monitoring. We do not link cookies to any personally identifiable information.We use a website analytics tool that provides session replay, heatmaps, funnels, form analytics, feedback campaigns, and similar features/functionality. Our analytics tool may record your clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, form fills (keystrokes) in non-excluded fields, pages visited and content, time on site, browser, operating system, device type (desktop/tablet/phone), screen resolution, visitor type (first time/returning), referrer, anonymized IP address, location (city/country), language, and similar meta data. Our analytics tool does not collect any information on pages where it is not installed, nor does it track or collect information outside your web browser. If you'd like to opt-out, you can do so at https://mouseflow.com/opt-out. If you'd like to obtain a copy of your data, make a correction, or have it erased, please contact us first at privacy@revgroup.com or, as a secondary option, contact Mouseflow at privacy@mouseflow.com.ConsentBy providing information to us, you consent to our use of information provided as outlined in this online Privacy Statement. When a visitor registers on our website, he or she may choose to opt-out of any direct communication. A registrant may also choose to opt-out of direct communications at a later date.E-Mail LinksOur company uses e-mail links throughout its website so that you can contact us with your questions or concerns. We will read every message and try to respond promptly. We may save your e-mail comments to improve our website and programs.Copyrights© 2019 REV Group, Inc.. All rights reserved. All marks are trademarks of their respective owners. The text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files and their arrangement on the REV Group website and paper forms are all subject to copyright and other intellectual property protection. Material displayed on our forms and website may be downloaded for non-commercial, personal use only, provided that all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials are not removed. The contents of our site may not be distributed, modified, transmitted, reused or reported for commercial purposes without the express written permission of REV Group, Inc. The website may also contain images that are subject to the copyright rights of our providers.TrademarksUnless otherwise indicated, all marks displayed on the REV Group website and are subject to the trademark rights of REV Group, including, without limitation, corporate logos and emblems. Nothing contained on the REV Group website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any mark or other intellectual property of REV Group or of any other party displayed on the website. The unauthorized use of any mark or other content displayed on any REV Group form or website is strictly prohibited.NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONSTHE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY REV GROUP ON ITS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WHILE THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IS BELIEVED TO BE ACCURATE, IT MAY INCLUDE ERRORS OR INACCURACIES.REV Group uses reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on our website is accurate and up-to-date. However, the information may contain factual or typographical errors, and REV Group makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the information. REV Group may change the information on its website at any time without prior notification or obligation.Linked SitesThe REV Group website may contain links to other non-affiliated sites. REV Group has not reviewed all of the sites linked to our websites. The links are provided for your convenience. REV Group is not responsible for the contents, links or privacy on any of the non-affiliated linked websites. Some of the linked sites may be to other REV affiliated sites. Please note, where applicable, each site is governed by this Privacy Statement. For non-affiliated sites, please reference the respective Privacy Statement as each site gathers and uses information for different reasons.
Necessary (Required)
Cookies that the site cannot function properly without. This includes cookies for access to secure areas and CSRF security. Please note that Craft’s default cookies do not collect any personal or sensitive information. Craft's default cookies do not collect IP addresses. The information they store is not sent to Pixel & Tonic or any 3rd parties.
Name: CraftSessionId
Description: Craft relies on PHP sessions to maintain sessions across web requests. That is done via the PHP session cookie. Craft names that cookie “CraftSessionId” by default, but it can be renamed via the phpSessionId config setting. This cookie will expire as soon as the session expires.
Provider: this site
Expiry: Session
Name: *_identity
Description: When you log into the Control Panel, you will get an authentication cookie used to maintain your authenticated state. The cookie name is prefixed with a long, randomly generated string, followed by _identity. The cookie only stores information necessary to maintain a secure, authenticated session and will only exist for as long as the user is authenticated in Craft.
Provider: this site
Expiry: Persistent
Name: *_username
Description: If you check the "Keep me logged in" option during login, this cookie is used to remember the username for your next authentication.
Provider: this site
Expiry: Persistent
Name: CRAFT_CSRF_TOKEN
Description: Protects us and you as a user against Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks.
Provider: this site
Expiry: Session
Statistics
Statistic cookies help us understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Marketing
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Details
Hide Details