http://www.efcocorp.com/terms
Terms of Use
Acceptance of Contract Terms
The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and EFCO® ("EFCO®"). By accessing, browsing and/or using the efcocorp.com webSite ("Site"), you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree, to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this Site. The material provided on this Site is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States Copyright Law and international treaties. This Site is controlled and operated by EFCO® from its offices within the United States. EFCO® makes no representation that materials in the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Any claims relating to, and the use of, this Site and the materials contained herein are governed by the laws of the state of Missouri.
Use Restrictions
The copyright in all material provided on this Site is held by EFCO® or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of EFCO® or the copyright owner. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on this Site, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials. You also may not, without EFCO®'s permission, "mirror" any material contained on this Site on any other server. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
U.S. Government Restricted Rights
Except where noted, all graphics, trademarks and service marks appearing on this site are the property of EFCO®. All rights reserved. No usage of these is permitted without express written consent from EFCO®.
A partial list of U.S. Trademarks owned by EFCO® follows. Any questions concerning the use of these Trademarks or whether a mark that does not appear on this list is the property of EFCO® should be referred to EFCO® at (417) 235-3193.
EFCO® Corporation Trademarks
DuraStile™
Quick Set™
Swift™
DuraStile Plus™
RotoSwing™
Tech Set™
Don Reynolds®
Roto-Vent™
TerraStile™
EFCO®
Shadowline™
ThermaStile™
EFCO® Express™
System 960 Wall™
Trim-All™
Equa-Vu™
System I™
Ultraline™
Louv-Air™
System II™
Ultralok™
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall EFCO® be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, loss of data or profit, arising out of the use, or inability to use, the materials on this Site, even if EFCO® or an EFCO® authorized representative has been advise of the possibility of such damages. If your use of materials from this Site results in the need for servicing, repair, or correction of equipment or data, you assume any costs thereof. Some States do not allow the exclusion of limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Our Transmissions
Any material, information or idea you transmit to or post on this Site by any means will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by EFCO® or its affiliates for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all personal data provided to EFCO® through restricted-access sections will be handled in accordance with EFCO®'s Privacy Policy. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law.
Terms of Use Revisions
EFCO® may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. By using this Site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current Terms of Use to which you are bound.