https://www.foureyez.com/terms-conditions.html
Terms & Conditions | FourEyez
Login
Shopping Cart0
There are 0 item(s) in your cart
Subtotal:
$0.00
View Cart
Check Out
USDUSDEURGBP
English
Shopping Cart0
There are 0 item(s) in your cart
Subtotal:
$0.00
View Cart
Check Out
Same Day Dispatch * - Worldwide Delivery
The biggest and most comprehensive collection of contact lenses.
Categories
Halloween Contacts
Blood Halloween Contacts
Devil Contacts
Red Halloween Contacts
Scary Halloween Contacts
Sclera Halloween Crazy Contact Lenses
Vampire Contacts
Colour Contacts
Aqua Coloured Contacts
Black Coloured Contacts
Blue Coloured Contacts
Brown Coloured Contacts
Green Coloured Contacts
Grey Coloured Contacts
Hazel Coloured Contacts
Orange Coloured Contacts
Pink Coloured Contacts
Purple Coloured Contacts
Red Coloured Contacts
Violet Coloured Contacts
White Coloured Contacts
Yellow Coloured Contacts
Costume Contacts
Reptile Eye Costume Contacts
Dragon Contacts
Glowing Contacts
Zombie Contacts
Wolf Eye Contacts
Cat Contacts
Cosplay Contacts
Crazy Contacts
Anime Contacts
Blackout Contacts
Blood Red Contacts
Fantasy Contacts
Movie Contacts
Novelty Contacts
Screen Contact Lenses
Special Effects Contacts
Twilight Contacts
UV Contacts
Whiteout Contacts
Crazy One Day Contact Lenses
Fashion Contacts
Natural Green Contact Lenses
Big Eye Contacts
Natural Brown Contact Lenses
Celebrity Contacts
Colour Contacts For Light Eyes
Contacts For Dark Eyes
Contacts For Green Eyes
Natural Blue Contacts
Natural Coloured Contacts
Lens Care
Halloween ContactsBlood Halloween ContactsDevil ContactsRed Halloween ContactsScary Halloween ContactsSclera Halloween Crazy Contact LensesVampire ContactsColour ContactsAqua Coloured ContactsBlack Coloured ContactsBlue Coloured ContactsBrown Coloured ContactsGreen Coloured ContactsGrey Coloured ContactsHazel Coloured ContactsOrange Coloured ContactsPink Coloured ContactsPurple Coloured ContactsRed Coloured ContactsViolet Coloured ContactsWhite Coloured ContactsYellow Coloured ContactsCostume ContactsReptile Eye Costume ContactsDragon ContactsGlowing ContactsZombie ContactsWolf Eye ContactsCat ContactsCosplay ContactsCrazy ContactsAnime ContactsBlackout ContactsBlood Red ContactsFantasy ContactsMovie ContactsNovelty ContactsScreen Contact LensesSpecial Effects ContactsTwilight ContactsUV ContactsWhiteout ContactsCrazy One Day Contact LensesFashion ContactsNatural Green Contact LensesBig Eye ContactsNatural Brown Contact LensesCelebrity ContactsColour Contacts For Light EyesContacts For Dark EyesContacts For Green EyesNatural Blue ContactsNatural Coloured ContactsLens Care
Shopping Cart0
There are 0 item(s) in your cart
Subtotal:
$0.00
View Cart
Check Out
search
Terms & Conditions
HomeOptionalTerms & Conditions
Please read the following carefully. Your use of the Four Eyez web site and purchase of products (or services) from us means that you agree to these terms and conditions.
Shopping with https://www.foureyez.com/
You can Order Products in the following ways:
Online via this website
By calling +31 85 001 2087 between 9.30am to 5.30pm Monday to Friday (CET)
By posting a completed copy of the FourEyez Order Form to Take Back Control B.V. Kerkenbos 1097-E, 6546BB, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
When you place an Order for a Product in any of the ways described above (“Order”) you are offering to buy it for the price stated, subject to these Terms.
When you place your Order online we will send you an email to confirm that we have received it. This email confirmation will be produced automatically so that you have confirmation of your Order details. The fact that you receive an automatic confirmation does not necessarily mean that we will be able to meet your Order. Once we have sent the confirmation email we will then check availability and contact you with a further email. If the Product is available and the details of the Order are correct, this email will be deemed an acceptance and will specify delivery details and confirm the price of the Products purchased. If the Product is not available we will also let you know by email.
FourEyez may cancel any sale and not supply products if it is reasonable to do so and may change or discontinue the availability of products at any time at its sole discretion. If an order is cancelled, any payment made for the products will be refunded in full. This does not affect your statutory rights.
All new Orders are deemed separate and each is treated individually.
Due to the hand crafted nature of our products, subtle variations in colour shade, design or size may occur from piece to piece.
Strictly ONLY over 18 years of age to purchase from https://www.foureyez.com/ – By making an account or buying products you agree to our terms and conditions and confirm you are 18 or over.
All descriptions about products, services and actions on our site come from companies and books written in countries (like the Netherlands) where their existing laws and regulations do not prohibit the use of certain substances. This means that some descriptions describe a certain effect after consumption, but certainly don’t mean that products are intended or suitable for consumption. All texts and descriptions are provided for informational purposes only, as our products are intended for consumers, such as botanical students, naturalists and collectors of souvenirs from the Netherlands.
By placing an order with FourEyez you accept all responsibilities concerning the legal status of the products that will be sent to you. All products on our website are legal in the Netherlands. You accept the responsibility to keep yourself informed of the laws, import and customs regulations in your particular country before ordering and you certify that the import of the ordered products in your country is legal. If you have any doubt we recommend you consult your attorney.
This website may not be accessed, displayed or otherwise be seen in countries where it possibly violates the law or customs regulations.
You accept full liability for any injuries, damages, penalties, loss of income or assets that result from the purchase, consumption, use and / or abuse of a product of FourEyez. The company and its owners, agents and employees are not responsible for the actions of customers.
Price
The price for each product is shown on FourEyez and includes VAT at 6% or 21% depending on the products
For countries outside the EU, 0% VAT has to be payed
We always try to make sure that the prices on FourEyez are accurate but errors may occur. If we discover an error in pricing of the products in your order we will inform you as soon as possible using the contact details you supply us with. We will then give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. (If we are unable to reach you we will treat the order as cancelled). If an order is cancelled, any payment made for the products will be refunded in full.
You will be notified of the delivery costs automatically before you submit your credit card details, based on the delivery address you specify.
Prices are quoted on FourEyez in EURO – outside Europe your credit card company should exchange the amount charged to the currency of your country at the current rate but you may use the FourEyez currency converter to estimate the price in your currency. Please note that the ‘currency converter’ is only a guide and may not accurately reflect current exchange rates. Please note that both charges and refunds are in EURO and FourEyez cannot be held responsible for any loss due to exchange rate fluctuations.
Customers are responsible for Import Duty/Tax in their respective countries. Unfortunately we cannot advise you what these costs will be – please consult your local customs office for more information.
Payment
You must pay for your Order before it is delivered. You can do so by credit card, debit card or by using Pay Pal.
Credit Card
Orders may be processed online, or by telephone, using a credit card (VISA, MasterCard,) or debit card (Visa and MasterCard debit cards only). We aim to debit money from your account within one working day after receiving your order.
To ensure that shopping online is secure, your credit/debit card details will be encrypted to minimise the possibility of someone being able to read them as they are sent over the Internet.
Your credit card company may also do security checks to confirm it is you making the order.
All order details and invoices will be sent to the credit card billing address and not the delivery address where the named recipient of the order differs.
We also take Pay Pal.
Availability
We try to keep FourEyez as up to date as possible but cannot guarantee that any particular product will always be available. If we can’t supply a product you will not be charged for it and we will refund or re-credit your account with the amount debited by us.
All offers are available while stocks last. If we are unable to supply a product you have ordered, we will notify you as soon as we can after receiving your order. If this happens, you may cancel your order and we will refund you the money you have paid for it.
Delivery
FourEyez delivers to most countries worldwide.
You will be notified of the delivery costs automatically before you submit your credit card details.
FourEyez aims to deliver products within 2-5 Working days in most circumstances, however, each product has a link on the product page stating the estimated delivery time for that product and you should refer to these for more details about delivery times.
Orders are despatched either by UPS and Asendia may require signature depending on the shipping method.
We will make every effort to deliver within the time stated on FourEyez but we will not be liable for any loss caused to you by late delivery.
If the products are not delivered within the estimated delivery time which we quote, please contact us by telephone or email and we will try and ensure that you receive your order as quickly as possible, or if you wish you may cancel your order and we will refund the money you have paid. Please note that while items sent by international airmail usually arrive within 4-10 working days, some parcels may take longer to be delivered.
Please order from FourEyez with enough lead-time to prevent any loss or disappointment resulting from the delivery time as we cannot be responsible for this.
This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
Please also note we cannot guarantee non tracked international deliveries.
FourEyez does not give you any right or interest in any copyright or intellectual property rights in any product nor the right to copy them.
The copyright in FourEyez and the content of all the software, web site and pages relating to the FourEyez web site is owned by, or licensed to Take Back Control B.V., unless otherwise specified and may not be used, copied or altered without our expressed consent.
Copyright extends to the design, look and feel of FourEyez, all photographs on it and its marketing materials.
You may use FourEyez for private and personal non-commercial use only – i.e. to view, copy and print portions of FourEyez for the sole purpose of placing orders. The materials on FourEyez may not be used for any other purpose.
FourEyez does not make any warranty or representation in respect of any other trade mark and the trademarks of the brands featured on FourEyez
Privacy and Data Policy
FourEyez makes a commitment to protecting your privacy and promises only to use information collected about you in accordance with the GDPR.
When you place an Order, we may ask you for certain information and you may submit personal data to FourEyez (for example your name, phone number, postal address, email address, contact and bank / credit card details). We may also record which products you are interested in and which products you purchase as well as customer traffic patterns and site use. This information will be kept securely in accordance with our internal security policy and may be used to:
process your order
provide you with an up to date, efficient, and reliable service
help fraud prevention i.e. we check card details with our credit agency and reserve the right to refuse orders on that basis (your credit rating can be checked for a nominal fee with chosen credit agencies
open and run your account
administer prize draws
Provide a more personal shopping experience.
By making an order and submitting your data you agree to this use.
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
Marketing Communications
If you have ordered products from the FourEyez web site before it is possible that we have this information already and it is being used to contact you about offers, events, items or related activities that you may find useful.
If you are an existing customer we will continue to keep you informed unless you tell us not to.
If you are a new customer we will give you the choice (for example once you have placed an order) whether or not you want us to contact you about future offers, events and new products or related activities that you may find useful. We will not bombard you with emails, but we’d like to keep you informed of the developments on FourEyez
We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to other companies.
FourEyez will not send you any marketing emails or pass your information on to third parties unless you give us your consent, or unless we have it already.
Cookies
In Order to improve our service and FourEyez we may use a device known as a ‘cookie’. Cookies are a means by which information relating to your Internet activity (such as whether you have visited FourEyez before) is recorded on your hard drive and used by us to improve FourEyez and the products and services available to you.
If you do not wish for us to use cookies when you use FourEyez please adjust your Internet browser settings to not accept cookies. Your computer’s help file should tell you how to do this.
Your Privacy
“If you have any questions or comments about privacy or the FourEyez privacy policy, or if you already have submitted information that you do not wish us to have or if you think that FourEyez has cookies or data about you that you don’t want us to use or that is incorrect please contact us at info@foureyez.com and the information will be corrected as soon as possible or removed from our database as you request.
Refunds
We believe that you will be delighted with your product but there may be occasions where you feel it necessary to return an item. We aim to keep the process as simple as possible. These terms do not affect your statutory rights.
We will try to attend to all returns as soon as practically possible.
Unwanted Products
Our policy is to ensure that you are satisfied every time you place an order with FourEyez If you are unhappy with an item when you receive it or if you simply change your mind please return it, with the despatch note, unused, having taken reasonable care of it and complete with packaging and all components, for a full refund within 30 working days.
We will make the refund directly to the credit/charge card used to place the original order within 30 days or earlier once we have inspected the returned item and are satisfied that it has been returned to us in the condition it was in when delivered to you.
Faulty Products
We try to select and package the products as well as possible to ensure they arrive in good condition. However, if a product arrives damaged or with defects, or is not what you ordered, we will replace it free of charge or provide a full refund as appropriate, if you return the product to us unused at the postal address below within 7 days of receipt.
In these circumstances we will also pay you the cost of the return postage. Please obtain a proof of posting certificate from your Post Office to enable us to process the refund for your return postage costs.
You will only have to pay for the return postage of the Products.
For help with items later than 30 days after your initial purchase please email us for more information.
This does not affect your Statutory Rights.
Returning Unwanted or Faulty Products
Please contact us by email info@foureyez.com to inform us of your wish to return products.
We may allocate you with a returns code which should be included with the package to improve processing of your return.
We may also advise you how to send the item back to us. Occasionally items may have to be picked up by a courier service. Otherwise, please use a secure delivery method which requires a signature upon receipt and return to: FourEyez Customer Returns, Kerkenbos 1097E, 6546 BB Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
You will be responsible for the returned products until they reach us.
Unwanted Goods – Custom-made and High Value Products
Due to the bespoke nature of custom-made products we are unable to offer our usual 30 Day Money Back Guarantee on unwanted goods.
In the case of high value items in excess of € 2,000 the usual money back guarantee is limited to 7 days and you shall be responsible for the cost of return within 7 days of receipt.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
FourEyez Responsibilities
FourEyez has tried to make the descriptions (including all pictures) of the products as accurate as possible but you should check the dimensions stated on FourEyez or contact us for exact sizes.
FourEyez shall insure ordered products at their retail value whilst being delivered to you. Please check the delivered products as soon as possible on receipt as we will not cover any subsequent loss or destruction.
FourEyez will provide its services with reasonable skill and care but does not give any guarantees, warranties or representations in respect of any other person’s services.
Because of the nature of the Internet FourEyez provides and maintains FourEyez on an “as is”, “as available” basis and makes no promise that use of FourEyez will be uninterrupted or entirely error free. We are not responsible to you if we are unable to provide our Internet services for any reason beyond our control.
Our website contains links to other websites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by us. These links are provided for your convenience only and we are not responsible for the content of those sites.
You will be responsible for any breach of these terms by you and if you use FourEyez in breach of these terms you will be liable to and will reimburse FourEyez for any loss or damage caused as a result.
These terms above shall not limit any rights you might have as a consumer that may not be excluded under applicable law nor shall they exclude or limit FourEyez’s liability for death or personal injury resulting from its negligence nor any fraudulent representation.
FourEyez will not be liable in any amount for failure to perform any obligation under this agreement if such failure is caused by the occurrence of any unforeseen event beyond its reasonable control including without limitation Internet outages, communications outages, fire, flood, war or act of nature.
Please read the instructions, manuals and other user documentation that comes with your products carefully. FourEyez s not involved in the manufacture of products and will not advise on their use or operation or the manufacturer’s guidelines. You are urged to use all products safely and in accordance with the manufacturer’s guidelines.
These terms do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer, which are available to you.
Subject as aforesaid, to the maximum extent permitted by law, FourEyez excludes liability for any loss or damage of any kind howsoever arising, including without limitation any direct, indirect or consequential loss whether or not such arises out of any problem you notify to FourEyez and shall have no liability to pay any money by way of compensation, including without limitation all liability in relation to:
any incorrect or inaccurate information on FourEyez
any interruptions to or delays in updating FourEyez
the infringement by any person of any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party caused by their use of FourEyez or any product purchased through FourEyez
any loss or damage resulting from your use or the inability to use the FourEyez web site or resulting from unauthorised access to, or alteration of your transmissions or data in circumstances which are beyond our control
any loss of profit, wasted expenditure, corruption or destruction of data or any other loss which does not directly result from something we have done wrong
any amount or kind of loss or damage due to viruses or other malicious software that may infect a user’s computer equipment, software, data or other property caused by persons accessing, using or downloading FourEyez, or from transmissions via emails or attachments received from FourEyez or its licensees and affiliates
the availability, quality, content or nature of the other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties (“External Sites”) to which FourEyez link and web sites located on or through any External Site nor for any transactions involving External Sites (including as to ‘cookies’, personal data, confidential information, or purchases of domain names or other services). You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links, web site or transactions;
All representations, warranties, conditions and other terms which but for this notice would have effect.
FourEyez may refuse you access to the web site at any time if we consider it necessary.
FourEyez may also terminate this agreement and immediately remove, cancel or suspend access to and use of FourEyez upon breach of any part of these Terms whatsoever.
Termination shall be without prejudice to FourEyez’s other rights.
FourEyez acts as principal on its own account and not as an agent for you or any other person.
If FourEyez does not enforce any provision of this agreement such will not be considered a continuing waiver.
In the event that any part of these terms is held to be unenforceable, such part will at FourEyezs option be construed as far as possible to reflect the parties’ intentions and the remainder of the provisions will remain in full force and effect.
These terms constitute the full agreement between you and FourEyez and may only be amended in writing. They apply to the exclusion of all other terms or conditions of contract proposed.
Since we are aiming FourEyez at a global market, we cannot guarantee that it accords with local laws of any other countries (though we will try to make sure it does).
Use of FourEyez and these terms are subject to the laws of Europe and the jurisdiction of European Courts.
Reaching Us
If you would like help when ordering, information about a product, a request for product or if you would just like to provide us with feedback on our service, please email us at info@foureyez.com.
You can also contact us:
By telephoning (US) +1 415 338 9082 (EU) +31 85 001 2087 Between 9.30am to 5.00pm Monday to Friday (CET)
By post at FourEyez, Take Back Control B.V., Kerkenbos 1097E, 6546 BB Nijmegen, The Netherlands
Company details
Take Back Control B.V.
Kerkenbos 1097-E 6546BB
Nijmegen, The Netherlands
EU +31 85 001 2087
US +1 415 338 9082
info@foureyez.com
Tax Id.No.: NL857976539B01
CoC No.: 69706999
We comply with the FTC
The Fairness to Contact Lens Consumers Act increases consumers’ ability to shop around when buying contact lenses. The Act gives consumers certain rights, imposes duties on contact lens prescribers and sellers, and requires the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to develop and enforce implementing rules. The FTC issued the Contact Lens Rule in July 2004 to spell out the Act’s requirements.
The Contact Lens Rule requires prescribers to give patients a copy of their contact lens prescriptions at the end of a contact lens fitting, even if the patient doesn’t ask for it. A patient who wants to buy contact lenses from another seller then may give the prescription to that seller. If a consumer doesn’t give his prescription to that seller, the seller must verify the prescription before selling the lenses.
The verification process works like this: the consumer provides prescription information to the seller, who then submits it to the prescriber in a verification request. The prescriber has eight-business-hours to respond. If the prescriber does not respond within the required time, the prescription is verified automatically, and the seller may provide contact lenses to the consumer.
FOR PRESCRIBERS
According to the Rule, “prescriber” refers to anyone permitted under state law to issue prescriptions for contact lenses — including ophthalmologists, optometrists, and licensed opticians who also are permitted under state law to fit contact lenses (sometimes called “dispensing opticians”).
PRESCRIBERS MUST:
·       give a copy of the contact lens prescription to the patient at the end of the contact lens fitting – even if the patient doesn’t ask for it.
·       provide or verify the contact lens prescription to anyone who is designated to act on behalf of the patient, including contact lens sellers.
In any response to a verification request, prescribers must correct any inaccuracy in the prescription, inform the seller if it’s expired and specify the reason if it’s invalid.
Prescribers cannot require patients to:
·       buy contact lenses
·       pay additional fees or
·       sign a waiver or release in exchange for a copy of the contact lens prescription.
Prescribers may require a patient to pay for the eye exam, fitting and evaluation before giving the patient a copy of the contact lens prescription, but only if the prescriber also requires immediate payment from patients whose eye exams reveal no need for glasses, contact lenses, or other corrective eye care products. Proof of valid insurance coverage counts as payment for purposes of this requirement.
Prescribers cannot disclaim liability or responsibility for the accuracy of an eye examination.
PRESCRIPTION EXPIRATION
The Rule allows prescribers to set prescription expiration dates – one year or more from the date the prescription is issued to a patient. If applicable state law requires a specific expiration period that is longer than one year, however, the prescriber must follow that law.
A prescriber may set an expiration date of earlier than one year only if that date is based on the prescriber’s medical judgment about the patient’s eye health. In these cases, the prescriber must document the medical reason for the shorter expiration date with enough detail to allow for review by a qualified medical professional, and maintain the records for at least three years.
FOR SELLERS
Sellers may provide contact lenses only in accordance with a valid prescription that is directly presented to the seller or verified with the prescriber. That means sellers may provide contact lenses when the consumer presents his prescription in person, by fax, or by email if the prescription has been scanned and attached to the email. The consumer also can authorize the seller to verify his prescription via “direct communication” with the prescriber. (See next page, “What is direct communication?”.)
VERIFICATION
When verifying a contact lens prescription, sellers must provide the following information to the prescriber using direct communication:
·       patient’s full name and address
·       contact lens power, manufacturer, base curve or appropriate designation, and diameter when appropriate
·       quantity of lenses ordered
·       date of patient order
·       date and time of verification request
·       a contact person for the seller, including name, fax and phone numbers and
·       a clear statement of the prescriber’s regular Saturday business hours if the seller is counting those hours as “business hours” under the Rule.
Under the Rule, a prescription is verified if the prescriber:
·       confirms its accuracy to the seller via direct communication
·       informs the seller that the prescription is inaccurate and provides accurate information to the seller via direct communication or
·       fails to communicate with the seller within “eight-business-hours” of receiving a complete verification request. During the “eight-business-hour” period, the seller must give the prescriber a reasonable opportunity to get in touch with the seller about the verification request.
RECORD – KEEPING
Sellers must maintain prescriptions presented to them, prescription verification requests, and prescriber responses to the verification requests. The Rule also requires sellers who count a prescriber’s Saturday business hours to maintain a record of what those hours are and how the seller learned of them. Sellers must maintain these records for at least three years.
THE FINE PRINT
What practices are not allowed?
Sellers must not:
·       fill a contact lens prescription unless the seller has either received a copy of the prescription or verified the prescription as required by the Rule
·       fill a contact lens prescription if the prescriber tells them by direct communication within “eight-business-hours” after receiving the complete verification request that the prescription is inaccurate, expired, or otherwise invalid
·       alter contact lens prescriptions. If the prescription specifies private label contact lenses, however, sellers may substitute “identical” contact lenses made by the same manufacturer and sold under a different name
·       represent that consumers can get contact lenses without a prescription.
What’s a business hour?
Prescriptions are verified automatically if the prescriber doesn’t respond to the seller’s verification request within “eight-business-hours.” A business hour is defined as one hour between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays, in the prescriber’s time zone. If a seller determines that a particular prescriber has regular Saturday business hours, the seller also may count those Saturday hours as business hours under the Rule.
How is the “eight-business-hour” verification period calculated?
When calculating “eight-business-hours,” begin the verification period the first business hour after the prescriber receives a complete verification request and end it eight-business-hours later. For example, if the prescriber receives a request at 10 a.m. Monday, the prescriber must respond by 10 a.m. Tuesday. If there’s no response, the seller can provide the contact lenses at10:01 a.m. Tuesday. If the verification request is received at 10 p.m. Monday, the response would be due by 5 p.m. Tuesday. If there’s no response, the seller can provide the lenses at 5:01 p.m Tuesday.
What is direct communication?
“Direct communication” is a completed communication by telephone, facsimile or electronic mail.
Direct communication by telephone requires reaching and speaking to the intended recipient, or leaving a voice message on the telephone answering machine of the intended recipient.
Direct communication by facsimile or electronic mail requires that the intended recipient actually receive the facsimile or electronic mail message.
Prescription Verification Steps:
After a user adds their items to their cart and clicks ‘Checkout’ the prescription’s verification system comes into play.
1. User clicks checkout.
2. The User is prompted to enter prescription’s information in one of two ways.
a. The user enters the Doctor’s Name, City, AND State.
b. The user enters the Doctor’s phone number.
3. Once the user enters this information they will be shown a list of matching doctors.
4. The user selects a doctor from the list
5. The checkout flow from this point continues as normal.
Steps the prescription verification system takes behind the scenes after a user completes a transaction:
1. The e-commerce system sends the prescription values as well as the quantity purchased and the prescriber information to the prescription verification system.
2. Once the verification system receives the request it calculates the 8hr. verification window based on the date, time of day, and national holidays and saves this value.
3. The verification system next calls the provided doctor and requests a verification.
a. If the prescriber immediately approves or denies the prescription, then that response will be immediately sent back to the prescription verification system.
b. If the prescriber does not answer or does not provide a response, they are provided with a website and a phone number that they can access or call within 8 hours to complete the verification.
4. If the prescription gets denied, then that response is sent to the prescription verification system, and the reason for denial is stored. The order would then not be processed as completed by the e-commerce system, and the user would not get charged.
5. If the prescription gets verified by the prescriber or the calculated 8 hours hits without getting a response, then the response gets sent to and stored by the verification system. A notification then gets sent to the e-commerce system and changes the payment state from “Balance Due” to “Completed” and charges the client.
6. Orders will have to be monitored by the company. Orders that have a Payment state of “Completed” but a shipment status of “Pending” are orders that are verified but need to be shipped.
Follow us on
At FourEyez we pride ourselves on offering the biggest and most comprehensive collection of Halloween, Sclera, Coloured, Crazy, and Costume Contact Lenses available online. Read more...
FAQ
Payment information
Shipping Information
Contact Us
Lens Care
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
©1998 - 2018 FourEyez. All Rights Reserved.
Close
Sign in Or Register
Forgot your password?
NEW HERE?
Registration is free and easy!
Faster checkout
Save multiple shipping addresses
View and track orders and more
Create an account
x
X