http://www.hy-techinc.com/our-policies-hytech/
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Please select a quote
Main					(0)
OR create a new quote
Cancel
Add to Quote
A message to our distributors, partners and customers: READ HERE.
Menu
Search
Account
Cart
Search
Search
Account
My Quotes
Sign In
Skip to Content
Compare Products
Menu
Company & Brands
About Hy-Tech
Hy-Tech manufactures an extensive range of pneumatic power equipment and provides engineered solutions to a diverse group of Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) customers. We are committed to being responsive to our customers, flexible in our business approach and easy to do business with.
Learn More
HY-TECH ENGINEERED SOLUTIONS
Call us at 800-245-1148 or use the link below to explain your
custom project needs. We will contact you to discuss a solution for your requirements.
CONTACT US FOR AN ENGINEERED SOLUTION
BECOMING A DISTRIBUTOR
Call us at 800-245-1148 or submit an application so that we can discuss how you might become a distributor of Hy-Tech and its brands.
Submit an application
CompanyAbout Hy-TechHy-Tech Engineered SolutionsBecoming a DistributorBrandsATPATSCOFlex-TechNumatxOzatQuality GearThaxtonThor
Shop by Brand
ATP provides an extensive range of pneumatic power tools for industrial Maintenance Repair and Operations (MRO) applications.
Shop Atp
NUMATX hydro pneumatic riveting systems set a new standard in ergonomic compression riveting.
Shop Numatx
ATP Impact Sockets offers the broadest product range of super strength impact sockets, striking wrenches. and accessories.
Shop ATP Impact Sockets
Quality Gear provides unique gearing manufacturing services. We can design new parts or replicate parts from samples or customer drawings, delivering solutions that surpass customer expectations.
Shop Quality Gear
Shop Blaz-Man Gear
Shop Gear Products
Thaxton specializes in engineering and manufacturing high pressure hydrostatic test plugs. Contact us for both standard and special applications.
Shop Thaxton
The Thor line of air powered construction tools are legendary in quality and performance.
Shop Thor
Air Tools & HoistsImpact Wrenches1/2" Drive Class3/4" Drive Class#4 Spline1" Drive Class#5 Spline1-1/2" Drive Class2-1/2" Drive Class3-1/2" Drive ClassConstruction ToolsPaving BreakersDiggersRivet BustersBackfill TampersPumpsPercussive ToolsRammersScalersChipping HammersAir VentilationAir MoversAir FansLarge DrillsDrills With ChucksMorse Taper DrillsWood Boring DrillsAir Hoists1/4 Ton Capacity1/2 Ton Capacity1 Ton Capacity2 Ton CapacityAir MotorsGeared MotorsNon Geared MotorsAir Line AccessoriesLubricantsIn-Line OilersWhip HosesHose CouplingsGrindersDie GrindersHorizontal GrindersVertical GrindersMagnum ForceATP Cyclone Series
Shop by Brand
Air Tool PartsAir Tool PartsINGERSOLL-RAND Comparable PartsCHICAGO PNEUMATIC Comparable PartsCLECO Comparable PartsAMERICAN PNEUMATIC Comparable PartsATP/HENRY/TOP CAT Comparable PartsATSCO Comparable PartsJETAIR Comparable PartsPTP/Cleco Comparable PartsSULLAIR Comparable PartsTHOR Replacement PartsAll Replacement Parts
Shop by Brand
Impact SocketsImpact Socket SizeStandard FractionalDeep FractionalStandard Fractional ThinwallDeep Fractional ThinwallStandard MetricStandard Metric ThinwallDeep MetricDeep Metric ThinwallFractionalMetricImpact Socket Type1/2" Square Drive5/8" Square Drive3/4" Square Drive1" Square Drive1-1/2" Square Drive2-1/2" Square Drive3-1/2" Square Drive#4 Spline Drive#5 Spline DriveHex DriversIn-Star SocketsIn-Star BitsHex Driver Sockets2 Part InHexStriking WrenchesFlatOffsetAdaptersTorque MultipliersRailroad Special SocketsAccessoriesSocketsPins & Rings
About the Brand
ATP Impact Sockets offers the broadest product range of super strength impact sockets, striking wrenches. and accessories.
Learn More about ATP Impact Sockets
Compression RivetingC - SqueezersAlligator SqueezersSqueezer SystemsPressure IntensfiersYokesAccessories
About the Brand
NUMATX hydro pneumatic riveting systems set a new standard in ergonomic compression riveting.
Learn More about Numatx
Download the Brochure
NUMATX Commercial Videos
Hydrostatic Test PlugsType C (Pipe I.D. Sizes 0.466” - 1.000”)Type DSmall (Pipe I.D. Sizes 0.957” - 2.469”)Medium (Pipe I.D. Sizes 2.900” - 11.938”)Large (Pipe I.D. Sizes 18.000” - 25.000”)Reverse Pressure (Pipe I.D. Sizes 1.278” - 11.938”)Reverse Pressure Installation ToolSmall (Pipe I.D. Sizes 0.957” - 2.469”)Type E External Closure (Pipe O.D. Sizes 0.250" - 12.000")Socket Weld PlugsSafety Gags
About the Brand
Thaxton specializes in engineering and manufacturing high pressure hydrostatic test plugs. Contact us for both standard and special applications.
Learn More about Thaxton
Custom GearsEngineered Solutions
Engineered Solutions
Hy-Tech OEM Solutions provides complete design, manufacturing, assembly and testing services for turnkey solutions for parts, assemblies, tools or complete systems.
Ask us how we can help
Design Engineering
Let Hy-Tech become an extension of your engineering group and help accelerate the launch of your new products. We’ll help you get them to market on-time and on budget.
Manufacturing
We are a proud US manufacturer with a complete compliment of manufacturing capabilities in our Pittsburgh and Punxsutawney locations.
CNC: Horizontal & Vertical Milling, Lathes (with live tooling). Mill-Turn, Grinding
Gear Cutting: Racks, Bevels, Spurs, Helical, Splines, Sprockets, Worms & Broaching
Finishing: Chrome, Black Oxide, Dichromate, Powder Coat, Anodizing Heat Treat, Welding, Honing.
Assembly and Test
We assemble and test thousands of tools, assemblies and complete systems every year, adhering to exacting and specific OEM standards. With an average tenure of 17 years in our Assembly and Test department, we’re confident we can help lower your costs, improve your quality and let you focus on your other core competencies.
SupportContactContact UsProduct RegistrationResourcesDownload the CatalogLooking for a Distributor?Warranty InformationNews
Hy-Tech Machine, Inc. Online Policies
PRIVACY POLICY
Hy-Tech Machine, Inc. (“Company” or “We”), respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit or make a purchase through the website www.hy-techinc.com (our “Site”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Site.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Site.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
Any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Site.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Our Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Site.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Site or on or through any of its features on the Site, make any purchases through the Site, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at info@hy-techinc.com or by mail at 25 Leonberg Road, Mashuda Industrial Park, Cranberry Township, PA 16066.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies.”
Cookies are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.
For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files.”
Log files track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels.”
These are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
When you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers or PayPal information), email address and phone number.
We refer to this information as “Order Information.” In addition to “Order Information,” we also collect records of your correspondence (including email addresses) if you contact us or any other information that you provide to us. We refer to this information as “Other Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information, Order Information and Other Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
Provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services as well as our subsidiaries’ and affiliates’ products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect:
To help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address); and
More generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site.
You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect or you provide as described in this policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates who may use such information to provide you with information or advertising relating to their products or services.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
-To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Numatx’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Hy-Tech Machine, Inc. about our Site users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your Personal Information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
LEGAL GROUNDS FOR OUR PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (INCLUDING WHEN WE SHARE IT WITH OTHERS)
We rely on the following legal bases to use your Personal Information:
Where it is needed to provide you with our products or services.
Where the processing is necessary for the Company’s legitimate interests:
To prevent, detect and combat fraud in connection with the use of our services.
To provide customer support.
To optimize our service and develop new services and products.
For direct marking purposes. This includes, for example, analyzing data to identify trends and tailor marketing messages to user needs.
The processing is necessary for the legitimate interest of other persons or parties:
We collect and use Personal Information to the extent necessary for the interests of other persons or the general public. This includes sharing information in connection with legal or insurance claims and to protect the rights and safety of others.
We may also process Personal Information when necessary in regards to a substantial public interest, on the basis of applicable laws.
The processing is necessary to fulfill our legal obligations.
We may share information with law enforcement, or requests by third parties pursuant to legal processes and in accordance with applicable law.
Where you consent to allow the Company to use your information. You may revoke your consent at any time. If you revoke your consent, you will not be able to use any service or feature that requires collection or use of the information we collected or used on the basis of consent.
CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Information you provide to us.
We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company.
If you do not wish to have your email address/contact information used by the Company or the Company’s affiliates and subsidiaries to promote their products or services, you can opt-out by _______________or by sending us an email stating your request to info@hy-techinc.com.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising.
However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI's website.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
You can review, verify, update, correct and/or change your Personal Information by logging into the Site and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an email at info@hy-techinc.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Information that you have provided to us.
Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, and provided we can authenticate your identity, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information, and will be entitled to challenge that accuracy and completeness of the information and to have it amended as appropriate.
We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account.
We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an e-mail to info@hy-techinc.com or correspondence by mail to 25 Leonberg Road, Mashuda Industrial Park, Cranberry Township, PA, 16066, United States.
DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted to our Site.
Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page.
The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
You are responsible for periodically visiting our Site and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access, review, verify, update, correct and/or change Personal Information we hold about you and to ask that your Personal Information be corrected, updated, or deleted.
Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, and provided we can authenticate your identity, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information, and will be entitled to challenge that accuracy and completeness of the information and to have it amended as appropriate.
If you would like to exercise this right, please send an e-mail to info@hy-techinc.com or correspondence by mail to 25 Leonberg Road, Mashuda Industrial Park, Cranberry Township, PA, 16066, United States.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@hy-techinc.com or by mail to 25 Leonberg Road, Mashuda Industrial Park, Cranberry Township, PA, 16066, United States.
Returns & Refunds
The reason for the return must be communicated to the company by the buyer and approved by the company. Please call (800) 245-1148.
When approved by the company, a return goods authorization (RGA) will be issued by the company for all returned and refund product requests.
Returns must be made within 30 days after receiving the product, at the buyer’s expense with authorized RGA.
All returns will be subject to an evaluation and restocking fee of 20% of the sales price.
Any refunded monies will be applied to the original payment method used for the order.
Non defective returns will be evaluated by the company for resalable new condition. If product is not in new resalable condition with original packaging, it will be returned to purchaser with no return credit.
If product returned is found to be defective relative to qualifying warranty, product will either be repaired or replaced at the company’s discretion.
Shipping & Delivery
Orders typically ship within 2-5 business days, depending upon stock levels.
Shipping will be calculated and added to order after placement or customer may choose to have shipped collect on their preferred carrier.
Shipping rates are determined by customers location, weight of shipment and requested service type.
When order is placed, a confirmation number will be emailed.
When order is shipped, a confirmation email with tracking number will be emailed.
Signature is required for order delivery
Payment & Taxes
Payment
All major credit cards are accepted for payment.
Your credit card will be charged when order is placed/submitted.
Customers who have terms will be able to place orders with a PO number and will be invoiced upon order shipment.
Once order is placed a confirmation number will be provided on the order confirmation screen.
Also, an email will be sent to customer with this information.
How Tax is calculated
The amount of tax charged on your order depends on many factors including the following:
The identity of the seller
The type of item or service purchased
The time and location of fulfillment
The shipment or delivery address of your order
These factors can change between the time you place an order and when your shipment is complete. As a result, the tax calculated on your order may change. We provide an "Estimated Tax" is displayed at Check Out when confirming an order. The amounts displayed as estimated tax may then be updated later when your order is finalized and completed.
The tax rate applied to your order will be the combined state and local rates of the address where your order is delivered to or fulfilled from. For example, if you live in a state that does not impose a sales tax, you may still see tax calculated on your order if shipped to another state. Moreover, the tax rates applied to your order may also be different for a variety of reasons, such as a shipment to a residential home versus a business address. Also, the total selling price of an item will generally include item-level shipping and handling charges and item level discounts. If applied at an order level, these charges, may be allocated to the individual items in an order.
Items sold by Hy-Tech Machine, Inc. and its affiliates that are shipped to destinations in the following states and US territories may be subject to tax:
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Nebraska
Nevada
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Vermont
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Warranty
Hy-Tech Machine, Inc. has a one-year warranty against defects in material and workmanship. Product must be returned to Hy-Tech Machine, Inc. for evaluation with an accompanying Return Goods Authorization (RGA) issued by Hy-Tech.
To arrange for an RGA please call (800) 245-1148.
Our Brands
ATP
FLEX-TECH
NUMATX
THAXTON
THOR
QUALITY GEAR
ENGINEERED SOLUTIONS
Tools
Gears
OEM’s
MRO’s
End User
INDUSTRIES SERVED
Aerospace
Construction
Fabricated Metals
Mining
Petrochemical
Power Generation
Railroad
Refinery
Ship Building
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Product Registration
Technical Support
Becoming A Distributor
Our Policies
Contact Us
25 Leonberg Road
Pittsburgh, PA 16066
P: (800) 245-1148
F: (724) 776-0227
Email Us
Connect
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Sign Up