http://www.ttelectronics.com/legal/logo-and-brand-policy/
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Modern Slavery Statement
Whistleblower Policy and Hotline
Group Tax Strategy
Logo and Brand Policy
Home
Legal
Logo and Brand Policy
TT Electronics Logo and Brand Policy
Contact our Brand Team
Email us
TT ELECTRONICS LOGO AND BRAND POLICY
Introduction
The brands, logos, trademarks, trading names and other distinctive identifications used by the TT Electronics Group of companies are a key part of our intellectual property (collectively the “TT Marks”). The TT Marks cover the “TT Electronics” name and logo together with trading names and products / service names of all TT Electronics Group companies. The terms of this policy apply to all such TT Marks.
The TT Marks identify our companies and our products / services, they are trusted by our customers, and serve as a badge of the quality which underpins everything that we do. It is imperative that the TT Marks are only used where such use is authorised and where such use is in accordance with the terms of this Logo and Brand Policy.
TT Electronics actively monitors the use of the TT Marks and reserves the right to withdraw any authorisation, and / or alter the terms of this policy, at any point and to take any action we deem necessary to protect the TT Marks.
For ease of use this policy is structured into a permitted use and a prohibited use section. If you have any queries regarding TT Marks, this policy, or have any reason to believe that any TT Marks are being used incorrectly, please contact: marketing-communications@ttelectronics.com
Permitted Use
Where you are authorised to use TT Marks, such use must be in accordance with the terms of such authorisation, and where such authorisation includes the TT Electronics name or logo the use must follow the following guidance:
Use of the TT Electronics name in writing: You may refer to TT Electronics as TT Electronics with capital ‘T’s and a capital ‘E’.  Never TT electronics or tt electronics.  You may use ‘TT’ as an abbreviation for the company name, never ‘TTe’.
The only permitted versions of the TT Electronics logo are as follows: (the light colours are shown on a dark background for clarity - - the dark backgrounds are not part of the logo)
Download Logo
Download Logo
Download Logo
Download Logo
Prohibited Use
Any unauthorised use of the TT Marks is prohibited and any authorized use of the TT Marks must be in accordance with the terms of such authorisation, and where such authorisation includes the TT Electronics name or logo the use must follow the permitted use section above, all other uses of the TT Marks are prohibited.
In particular:
Where the TT Mark is used with a ®, then the ® must always be used. If no ® is used there is no need to use an ®;
Do not alter, remove or make any addition to the labelling or packaging of products or materials displaying the TT Marks (save that alterations or additions are permitted only to the extent necessary to comply with local law);
Do not use the TT Marks in a manner that is likely to cause confusion about the origin of any product or service;
Do not use the TT Marks in any way which may damage the reputation of the TT Electronics Group of companies; and
Do not copy or imitate any TT Marks.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Review our cookie policy for more details.
Ok