http://www.procureinc.com/page.php?name=privacypolicy
My RFQ Activity
Cart
Register
|
Login
|
Company
Manufacturers
Products
Contact Us
Blog
Privacy Policy
Summary
Procure International, Inc.'s Privacy Policy is simple:
All information provided by you or by your computer during your user experience on Procure International, Inc.'s website is maintained by Procure International, Inc. in strict confidence, used only for the purpose of conducting business with you, and is NEVER shared with any third party for any reason whatsoever. PERIOD.
Now, here is the legal mumbo-jumbo that basically says the same thing:
Protection of Information Procure International, Inc. values the trust its customers place in the company. Accordingly, Procure International, Inc. adheres to the highest ethical standards in gathering, using and safeguarding customer information that is entrusted to the company.
Use and Collection of Customer Information Procure International, Inc. does not rent, sell or exchange information about its customers. Access to information about Procure International, Inc. customers is restricted to Procure International, Inc. No customer information is ever disclosed to a third party.
Procure International, Inc. gathers only the customer information that is needed to administer its business, provide superior service and communicate effectively with its customers.
Procure International, Inc. limits access to customer information to those employees who need it to carry out their business functions. Procure International, Inc. educates its employees about Procure International, Inc. policies and practices in regard to safeguarding customer information, preventing its unauthorized access, use or disclosure, and ensuring its proper handling.
Accuracy and Security of Customer InformationProcure International, Inc. makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that the customer information it maintains is accurate, timely and secure.Procure International, Inc. will monitor and adopt, as appropriate, new technological developments that are designed to aid in ensuring the accuracy and security of customer information.Procure International, Inc. enforces its policies with regard to gathering, access and use of personal customer information by its employees.
Personally Identifiable InformationProcure International, Inc. World Wide Web sites collect personally identifiable information (such as name, company name, address, telephone number, fax number and/or e-mail address) from Web site visitors only when visitors voluntarily provide such information to Procure International, Inc.Procure International, Inc. Web site visitors who do not want their personally identifiable information collected online are asked not to submit such information to Procure International, Inc.
Procure International, Inc. Web site visitors are informed that when they provide Procure International, Inc. with personally identifiable information online, that information is kept private within Procure International, Inc. Visitors are further informed that, unless specifically stated otherwise, the personally identifiable information may be stored and used by Procure International, Inc. to better understand its customers' needs, to improve Procure International, Inc. products and services, and to contact customers in the normal course of conducting business with them.
ChildrenProcure International, Inc. has no intention of collecting personally identifiable information (name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) from children (individuals under the age of 18) online and using that information for any purpose. Where appropriate, Procure International, Inc. will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on Procure International, Inc. Web sites.
Personally Identifiable Information Collected AutomaticallyProcure International, Inc. Web Sites may collect information from Web site visitors that is not personally-identifiable, including the visitor's operating system, browser, domain name, and the specific web pages on the Procure International, Inc. Web site that are accessed or visited. Procure International, Inc. only collects this information in the aggregate, and only uses it to improve Procure International, Inc. Web sites.
Information Placed Automatically on Visitors' ComputersProcure International, Inc. informs Web site visitors that when they visit Procure International, Inc. Web sites, Procure International, Inc. may store some information on the visitor's computer in the form of a "cookie" or similar file. These files allow Procure International, Inc. to tailor a Website to reflect a customer's listed or historical preferences. Most Web browsers allow Web users to exercise control over such files on their computers by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying the user when such a file is stored. Procure International, Inc. Web site visitors are asked to refer to their browser's instructions to learn about those functions.
Company News
Welcome!
Please let us know how we can help!
Industry News
Quick Links
Home
Product Catalog
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Payments
For your convenience, we accept credit card payments using Visa, MasterCard and American Express cards as well as Paypal Invoice, Google Checkout payments and now accept BTC
Part Search
Search our real-time inventory database by Manufacturer's part number to find the products you need.
Have an Account, Login
New Users
Have a question for us? Contact US
© 2020 Procure International Inc. All rights reserved.