http://www.grafixshoppe.com/privacy-policy
Call us toll free (888) 683-9665
Home
Contact
Request A Quote
Blog
About Us
File Uploader
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
grafixshoppe.com respects the privacy of its customers and visitors. If you have any questions about the operation of our website, please write marketing@grafixshoppe.com.
Our website collects names, email addresses, and other personal information from customersand visitors only when submitted via one of our online forms, such as our subscription form, or mailing list registration form. This data is used solely by grafixshoppe.com and is not shared, traded, or sold to third parties—unless customers or registrants opt to receive information from like-minded organizations, in which case we share only names, email addresses, and postal addresses.
Customers can edit their personal information by logging into the secured area of our site OR by sending an email to request account changes to marketing@grafixshoppe.com.
Our website also collects non-personal data through the use of server-based "session variables," which we use to achieve important site functionality, including the recognition of logged-in users and the secure passing of shopping cart information. In order to identify customers as they proceed through the check out process, our website also uses a single “cookie” (a small file stored by your browser on your hard drive); thus, online transactions require a browser that accepts “cookies.”
Our web-server also records IP addresses from all visitors to our site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our site, to analyze trends, to track user movement, and to gather broad demographic information—all for the purpose of continually improving our website and delivering personalized, custom content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information, and their collection is standard procedure in most web-server environments.
Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website, for which grafixshoppe.com is not responsible.
By using grafixshoppe.com  you signify your agreement to our privacy policy as stated above. Note that this policy may be revised periodically without notice. Please re-read this policy prior to submitting any personal information if you have concerns about how your information is being collected and used.
Street Pole Banners
Grafix Shoppe Street Pole Banners! Perfect for any occasion!
View Details
Design of the Month
Grafix Shoppe chooses a standout design every month.
View Details
Customer Testimonials
"We've been working with the Grafix Shoppe since 1995 and they've consistently exceeded our expectations."-Steve Grohn, Standard Heating & Air Conditioning
View More
Latest Blog Post
Covid19 Prevention Graphics
Safely re-open with Covid19 Prevention/Social Distancing Graphics. Used anywhere where social distancing is required. For more information call 1-888-683-9665 or email: customerservice@grafixshoppe.com
Continue Reading
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Grafix Shoppe
Local: (651) 683-9665
Fax: (651) 683-9740
3240 Mike Collins Drive
Eagan, Minnesota 55121
©
Grafix Shoppe. All Rights Reserved. Website by August Ash