https://www.swheatscoop.com/privacy/
sign up & save
go
Toggle navigation
our story
products
logo
where to buy
community
sWheat talk
reviews
vet advice
sWheat Perks
sign up for sWheat Perks
privacy policy
Pet Care Systems respects your privacy. That’s why we promise not to share any information you’ve provided with any third party e-tailer, advertiser or marketing firm, for any purpose.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or Zip/ Postal Code. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Pet Care Systems may automatically collect non-personally identifiable information and data through the use of cookies – small text files a website employs to recognize repeat users and facilitate a more user-friendly visiting experience. Cookies also enable us to compile visitor usage information in order to improve the site content we provide in the future. We also use Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on February 1, 2013.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Pet Care Systems
1421 Richwood Road
Detroit Lakes, MN 56502 USA
1-800-SWHEATS (794-3287)
info@swheatscoop.com
contact us
media
privacy
faq
© 2020 sWheat Scoop LLC   |   California Supply Chains Act
×
sign up today!
In our monthly e-newsletter you’ll get coupons, health tips for your cat, the latest product updates, promotions and more.
After you sign-up, keep an eye on your mailbox for a coupon!
By checking this box, I am allowing sWheat Scoop to send me sWheat Perks notifications via email.
All fields required.
No thanks
I'm already subscribed
Please don't show alerts like these again