http://www.soundtech.co.uk/legal/cookies
Covid-19: Latest status update from Sound Technology Ltd. Read more
Toggle navigation
Sound Technology
Email
Password
Log in
Music Retail
Professional Audio
Professional Lighting
Company
News
Servicing
Job Vacancies Company Profile
Contact Us Partner Login
Search
Search:
Search
Brands
News
Events
Musicians Blog
Brands
Market Solutions
Pro Blog
News
Online Training
Events
Case Studies Demo Facility Application Team
Products
News
Events
Case Studies
AKG
Apogee
Austrian Audio
Cranborne Audio
Crown
dbx
DigiTech
Frameworks
Gator
Hamer Guitars
JBL
Kurzweil
Lexicon Pro
Martin
Nord Keyboards
Oscar Schmidt
Solid State Logic
Soundcraft
Teenage Engineering
Washburn
AKG
Apogee
Austrian Audio
BSS
Cranborne Audio
Crown
dbx
Frameworks
Gator
JBL
Lexicon Pro
Solid State Logic
Soundcraft
Studer
Sports Stadia & Arena
Live Music Venues
Bars & Restaurants
Clubs
Shopping & Leisure
Public & Corporate
Houses of Worship
Transport
Theatre & Performing Arts
Cinema
Educational Facilities
Tour Sound
Martin
Cruise Ships
Theme Parks
Hospitality
Stadia & Arena
Concert & Touring
Television
Theatre
Houses Of Worship
Exhibitions and Tradeshows
Offices & Corporate Spaces
Public Space, Bridge & Parks
Cookies on our website Use of cookies by Sound Technology Ltd. NOTE: Even after your initial choice, you can change your cookie settings for this website at any time by visiting these cookie settings. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie Name(s) Purpose
Session ID ci_session
This cookie is used for essential website functions. Disabling this cookie may have unexpected side effects when browsing our website. This cookie is essential for our website to log you in to your account, and remembering your preferences as you browse the site.
Cookie preference cookiePreferences This cookie is used to remember a user’s choice about cookies on our website. Where users have previously indicated a preference, that user’s preference will be stored in this cookie.
Universal Analytics (Google) _ga _gat _gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited. Read Google’s overview of privacy and safeguarding data
YouTube cookies PREF* VSC* VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE* remote_sid*
We embed videos from YouTube using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. Read more at YouTube’s embedding videos information page. PREF - * Expires after eight months VSC - * expires at the end of your session VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE - *expires after eight months remote_sid - * expires at the end of your session
Facebook cookies c_user datr fr presence sb xs locale pl wd
We embed "like" buttons and page details from Facebook on our website. If you are logged in to Facebook, they may use cookies which they set on their website to identify your account and show you customised versions of these "like" buttons and page details. This will allow you to "like" directly from this website, show you if you already "like" a page, and show you which of your friends "like" the page. Read more about how Facebook uses cookies and find out how to change your settings in Facebook's cookie policy.
How do I change my cookie settings? NOTE: Even after your initial choice, you can change your cookie settings for this website at any time by visiting these cookie settings. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer Opera Apple Safari
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer’s website.
Cookie & privacy information
Cookie control
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better. You can use this tool to change your cookie settings. Otherwise, we’ll assume you’re OK to continue.
I’m fine with this
Information and Settings
Some of the cookies we use are essential for the site to work.
Enable essential cookies
We also use some non-essential cookies for web statistics purposes (counting visits to our website).
Enable statistics cookies
To control third-party cookies, you can also adjust your browser settings. Done
× Partner Log In
Username
Password
I’ve forgotten my password
Remember me
Sign in
Cancel