https://www.spectra-displays.co.uk/pages/privacy-statement/
25
Nov2020
Latest News:
Who is Spectra? Digital signage solutions with three decades of staying power Read more
Basket (0)
You do not have any items in your basket.
Subtotal: £0.00 ex VAT
View Basket
Login/Register
Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy.  Authorised employees within the company on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual customers.  We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers.  Parliament has created specific offences for unauthorised actions against computer systems and data.  We will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible.
+44 (0)1353 661182
sales@spectra-displays.co.uk
Get in touch
For a fast, free and no-obligation quote on any display solution, contact our friendly team now!
Contact Us
Customer Stories
Flexible LED Digital Display in the Public Arts
Wifi enabled public art project in Newport brings brightness with a contemporary approach
LED Signs Bring Tattersalls into the Digital Age
Spectra’s challenge was to design a digital LED sign sympathetic to the historic surroundings, while keeping the stakeholders happy.
A night at the Opera
Easily legible digital LED display to accompany the Italian performance of Madame Butterfly
Great Timing: Digital Led Signs at 35th America’s Cup
Our giant timing clocks had to be accurate to the split second and able to withstand the highly corrosive salt water.
Charity Event - Duck Race
Kenilworth Lions Club wanted a sign to show up-to-the-minute information at charity events, they selected an ultra-bright outdoor display from Spectra's range of LED signs.
Delivering on the Culture of Safety at Walkers/PepsiCo
Walker's Skelmersdale plant promotes its safety figures on our big LED display.
© Copyright 2020 Spectra Displays Ltd | All customer logos copyright of their respective owners