http://www.allaboutpins.com/privacy
info@allaboutpins.com
Real People. Free designs. Fast Production. Free shipping.
+1 866-604-9462
Account
|
Cart
Need Help?
100% Real People. Real Expertise.
Menu
AllAboutPins
Pricing
Pin Types
Soft Enamel
Cloisonne
Diestruck
Trading Pins
Silkscreen
Offset Printed
Hat
Rush Print
Presentation
Service Award
Gallery
Order
Need Help?
100% Florida-based Staff.
No Call Centers. No Bots.
Contact Us
FAQ
Reviews
Blog
Account
Get Free Design
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at +1 866-604-9462 or send us an email at info@allaboutpins.com.
Every order of custom lapel pins includes
Free Artwork and Design with Unlimited Revisions
Free Full-color Proof Delivered via Email
FAST Production Shipping in ~7-10 days
FREE UPS Air Shipping
To US Addresses
(APO Deliveries Extra)
Trusted Everywhere
Other Products to Types
Soft Enamel
Learn More
Cloisonne
Learn More
Die Struck
Learn More
Trading Pins
Learn More
Product
Pricing
Soft Enamel
Cloisonne
Die Struck
Trading Pins
Employee Appreciation
Silkscreen
Hat Pins
Offset Printed Pins
Company
Blog
AllAboutChallengeCoins
AllAboutPatches
AllAboutLanyards
Help & Support
Contact Us
FAQs
My Account
@ Copyright 2006-2020 All About Pins. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms and Conditions
|
Sitemap