http://www.ambassadorpackaging.com/business/en/sites/UK_packaging/packaging/cookies-policy.html
(COVID-19) Service Message: We continue to trade and support our customers. Click here to read more...
Antalis Packaging - your one stop shop for packaging materials, systems, solutions and services.
MY ACCOUNT
LOG IN
OR
CREATE AN ACCOUNT
MY CART
Products(0)Samples(0)Total: £ 0.00
Your Business
Products
Key Brands
Applications
Information Centre
Sustainability
Our Services
About Us
Product search:
ADVANCED SEARCH
CONTACT US
Packaging
Cookies Policy
Cookies
Policy
The Antalis Cookies Policy describes what cookies are, what they do and how we use them.
1. General information
Cookies are small files of numbers and letters which are stored on a Business Contact’s computer when they access certain websites. These cookies are used to improve Business Contact experience on the particular website by remembering who the Business Contact is. However, the Business Contact can also choose not to download cookies. Certain functionalities may not be available to Business Contacts who do not accept Cookies.
2. Cookies used on this website and purpose
Our website uses the following cookies for the following purposes:
Essential cookies
These perform a variety of functions, such as keeping a visitor logged in to their account, retaining items in the shopping basket or if a quote is requested, ensuring information is displayed correctly on the website and recording whether visitors have accepted the use of cookies.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics, Google Search Console and Microsoft Bing to assess how visitors use the website, to understand how visitors arrived at the site (e.g. using keyword searches), to monitor how long visitors remain on the website and when they return, and to control website traffic at busy times. These cookies use anonymous information only.
Functionality
We use cookies to enable automated email services to work and to enable visitors to see the correct view of the website, for example if different versions are being tested. Cookies are also used for the management of orders, collections and deliveries. If the website offers product reviews, surveys, live chat facilities or videos, cookies will be used to manage this functionality.
Preferences
If you select a branch or location or indicate other preferences, a cookie will remember that information.
Performance monitoring:
These cookies record a visitor’s progress through a browsing session for problem solving and to identify an errors in the use of the site that the visitor may experience. They also link a visitor’s actions with website usage and performance. Some cookies identify the visitor’s IP address, browser and device type.
Advertising/Marketing
We use Google DoubleClick, Google Adwords, Microsoft Bing and Eloqua to monitor how visitors to the website respond to adverts and to ensure that adverts are targeted to the visitor’s preferences, both on this website and on other websites. Cookies from Eloqua ensure marketing communications are relevant and monitor how customers respond to emails. They are also used to send emails in reaction to onsite behaviour i.e. reminders about items left in the shopping basket.
Social Media
Cookies track the products viewed by a visitor to the website and may serve similar adverts on when the user visits their Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn page. Other cookies enable visitors to share or like items on our website using social media buttons.
3. Right to object to the installation of cookies
Business Contacts of the Internet and this website may block and delete cookies and change the duration for which cookies are stored via their browsers (usually via ‘Tools’ or ‘Options’ / ‘Privacy’ or ‘Confidentiality’). Doing so will, however, affect their browsing experience. Although the systematic disabling of cookies on a browser will prevent the Business Contact from being able to use certain services or functionalities provided by ANTALIS, it will not constitute a loss for the Business Contact, who will not be entitled to any compensation as a result.
4. Deleting cookies
Internet browsers and website Business Contacts may also delete existing cookies from their computer by configuring their browser accordingly (usually via ‘Tools’ or ‘Options’ / ‘Privacy’ or ‘Confidentiality’). Doing so will, however, affect their website browsing experience and prevent them from enjoying the benefits of the cookie.
YOUR BUSINESS
Automotive
Logistics
All our products
Packaging Papers and Boards
Cushioning & Void Fill
Boxes and Pallets
Tapes and Glues
Mail Room
Packaging Films
Strapping and Stapling
Packaging Equipment
Bags and Sacks
Protection against Corrosion
APPLICATIONS
Shipping
Cushioning
Filling
Box Sealing
Pallet Security
Surface Protection
Corner Protection
Protection from Dirt & Dust
Heavy Goods packaging
FAQ / Help
Modern Slavery Statement
Antalis Corporate Website
Watch eDemo
FOLLOW US:
Terms And Conditions Of Sale
General Purchasing Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Antalis copyright © 2020. All right reserved. Registered in England No. 1088345. Registered Office - Baker & McKenzie LLP, 100 New Bridge Street, London EC4V 6JA.
CONTACT US