http://www.jhpromotions.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Statement - jhpromotions.com
jhpromotions.com
About Us
Entertainment
Artistes (A to L)
Aerial Artists & Acrobats
Animals
Balloon Modellers
Body Art
Caricaturists
Circus Skills
Clowns
Costume Characters
Dance
Face Painters
Fire & Glow Performers
Fun Equipment
Jesters
Jugglers
Living Statues
Lookalikes & Soundalikes
Artistes (M to Z)
Magicians
Mime Artists
Music & DJs
Pampering
Promotional Staff & Presenters
Puppets
Roller Skaters
Stilt Walkers
Street Theatre
Town Criers & Toastmasters
Unicyclists & Trick Cyclists
Workshops
Seasonal
Valentine’s Day
Mother’s Day
St Patrick’s Day
Easter and Spring
St George’s Day
Father’s Day
Summer Holidays
Halloween
Other
CHRISTMAS
Christmas & Winter
Christmas Lights Switch On
Christmas Parade Entertainment
Christmas Party Entertainment
Christmas Animal Attractions
Festive Fare
Theme
American
Arabian & Egyptian
Around The World
Best of British
Carnival
Chinese – Japanese – Oriental
Dinosaurs & Fossils
English Country Garden
Food
French
Futuristic
Hollywood & Las Vegas
Jungle
Mad Hatter & Alice
Medieval & Fairytale
Nostalgic Britain
Olympics
Pirates & Nautical
Sports
Victorian
Wild West
Corporate Party Entertainment
Mall Entertainment
Shopping Centre Entertainment
Town Centre Entertainment
Enquiries
Comments
A-Z Listings
Our Events
Privacy Statement
JH Promotions’ Privacy Statement – updated May 23rd 2018
Introduction                                                                                                                                                                                                      This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll store and handle that data, and keep it safe.
Who are JH Promotions?                                                                                                                                                                                    JH Promotions is a limited company providing entertainment services.
Explaining the legal bases we rely on                                                                                                                                                            The law on data protection, based on the General Data Protection Regulation and formerly the Data Protection Act, sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including:
Consent
In specific situations, we can collect and process your personal data with your consent. This may be when you have ticked a box to receive regular communications from us in an electronic document or on our website.
When collecting your personal data, we’ll always make clear to you which data is necessary in connection with a particular service.
Contractual obligations
In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with contractual obligations. For example if you have engaged us to provide entertainment services then we will need your contact details and details of the event.
Legitimate interest
In specific situations, we require your personal data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. For example if we have worked for you before we may use your email or postal address details to send you direct marketing information either by email or by post telling you about our services which we legitimately believe will be of interest you.
When do we collect personal data?                                                                                                                                                                  When you contact us by any means to make enquiries                                                                                                                                When you visit our website                                                                                                                                                                          When you fill out an enquiry form on our website                                                                                                                                        When you engage with us on social media                                                                                                                                              When you make a booking
What sort of data do we collect?
For a booking enquiry:  Your name, telephone number and email address so that we can provide you with information before you decide to make a booking plus brief details of the event so that we can provide you with an accurate quote.
Once you have confirmed a booking we would also need: The name and postal address for the contract and invoice. Possibly the name of other members of event staff or guests at the event as necessary.The event address, on site contact name, and event day telephone and mobile numbers.
Basically all the information needed to keep in contact with you and to logistically provide a successful event.
Details of your interactions with us.
Copies of documents you provide us and signed contracts.
• Payment information.
• Your comments and reviews.
• Your social media username, if you interact with us through those channels
How and why do we use your data?                                                                                                                                                                • To perform any contract we’ve agreed with you. If we don’t collect your personal data during this process, we won’t be able to provide the required services and comply with our legal obligations.
• To respond to your queries or complaints. Handling the information you sent enables us to respond. We may also keep a record of these to inform any future communication with us and to demonstrate how we communicated with you throughout. We do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you, our legal obligations and our legitimate interests in providing you with the best service and understanding how we can improve our service based on your experience.
• With your consent, we will use your data to keep you informed by post or email about relevant products and services.
• To send you communications required by law or which are necessary to inform you about any changes to the services we provide you. For example, updates to this Privacy Notice, and legally required information relating to your orders. These service messages will not include any promotional content and do not require prior consent when sent by email. If we do not use your personal data for these purposes, we would be unable to comply with our legal obligations.
• To develop, test and improve the systems, services and products we provide to you. We’ll do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests.
• To send you survey and feedback requests to help improve our services. These messages will not include any promotional content and do not require prior consent when sent by email. We have a legitimate interest to do so as this helps make our products or services more relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving these requests from us at any time by contacting us.
Of course, you are free to opt out of hearing from us by any of these channels at any time.
How we protect your personal data?
We know how important data security is and we will treat your personal data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it. Our computers and mobile devices are all password protected. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and constantly review our security.
How long will we keep your personal data?
Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we’ll only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.  At the end of that retention period, your data will be deleted completely.
For tax purposes we are required by law to keep records of contracts, payments and invoices for 6 years. We will therefore normally hold information of any contracts for this long.
Who do we share your personal data with?
As an agent, when you confirm a booking, or make an enquiry about a possible booking, we have to share some of your data with the suppliers/ artists whose services you have engaged, or are considering engaging, through us.
when asking for a quote from our artists/ suppliers we provide them with only basic information (date, place etc) of the event in order that they can give us a quote.  This would not include any contact details at this stage.
Once a booking is confirmed we will provide artists/ suppliers only with the information they need to perform their specific services as contracted.
Artists/ suppliers may only use your data for the exact purposes we specify in our contract with them.
We will not share your personal data with any other individual or company other than as necessary to perform the services you have asked of us.
We do not sell personal data to any other individual or company.
Where your personal data may be processed?
Unless we inform you otherwise your data will not be processed outside the UK.
What are your rights over the data you provide?
You have the right to request:
• Access to the data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases.
• The correction of your data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
• The right to deletion, for example when you withdraw consent, or object and we have no legitimate overriding interest, or once the purpose for which we hold the data has come to an end.
• That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through specific channels, or all channels).
• That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
How can you stop the use of your data for direct marketing?
You can at any time stop us from sending direct marketing communications by clicking the relevant link at the bottom of any marketing email we send you or by contacting us direct by email or post.
Contacting the Regulator                                                                                                                                                                                          If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
• You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113. Or go online to www.ico.org.uk/concerns(please note we can’t be responsible for the content of external websites)
• If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
If you live outside the UK
By using our services or providing your personal data to us, you expressly consent to the processing of your personal data by us or on our behalf. Of course, you still have the right to ask us not to process your data in certain ways, and if you do so, we will respect your wishes.
Sometimes we’ll need to transfer your personal data between countries to enable us to supply the goods or services you’ve requested. In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer your personal data from your country of residence to ourselves and to third parties located in the UK.
By dealing with us, you are giving your consent to this overseas use, transfer and disclosure of your personal data outside your country of residence for our ordinary business purposes.
This may occur because our information technology storage facilities and servers are located outside your country of residence, and could include storage of your personal data on servers in the UK.
We’ll ensure that reasonable steps are taken to prevent third parties outside your country of residence using your personal data in any way that’s not set out in this Privacy Notice. We’ll also make sure we adequately protect the confidentiality and privacy of your personal data.
Any Questions?
We hope this Privacy Notice has been helpful in setting out the way we handle your personal data and your rights to control it.  Please direct any queries you may have to :
JH Promotions Ltd – Tel: 01708 455 500  Email: enquiries@jhpromotions.com
JH Promotions Ltd Registered Office: Creative Arts Hub, Dockfield Road, Shipley, BD17 7AD
Company Registration number: 3340927
Tell the world about JH Promotions.
Home
Contact Us
Privacy Policy for Artists & Suppliers
Our Facebook
Our Twitter
Copyright
©
jhpromotions.com
- Privacy Policy