http://www.holcimfoundation.org/AboutPages/privacy-policy
Data Privacy Notice This Data Privacy Notice informs you about how and for which purposes we will process your personal data and explain your rights under applicable data protection. We are dedicated to always handling your personal data responsibly, diligently and in compliance with all legal requirements. State of the art professional standards will be applied to protect the integrity and security of your personal data. Who is responsible for your personal data? We, the LafargeHolcim Foundation for Sustainable Construction, Hagenholzstrasse 83, 8050 Zurich, Switzerland, will be the responsible controller for any personal data you provide to us in connection with our relationship. What personal data do we collect? Unless otherwise agreed with you, we will collect only the basic personal data required in connection with our relationship. This includes your contact data (such as name and job title, address, telephone number, email address and other contact details, mobile device unique identifier and the IP address of your computer if you use our websites, online platforms or apps). While doing business with you, we will also collect business related data which may include information on purchases, services and other business activities, feedback and any other information you may provide to us. If you use our websites, please note that these use cookies and other analytical tools (e.g. Google Analytics). Please view our Cookies Policy to learn more about our use of such tools. How do we collect personal data? We will collect your personal data directly from you when you interact with us, e.g. when you visit our website, communicate with us in relation to our activities, submit an order, register to receive our newsletter, register to participate in the LafargeHolcim Awards, other events of the LafargeHolcim Foundation or take part in our surveys. We may also collect your personal data from publicly accessible sources such as online platforms, university directories, LinkedIn, etc that you use for professional purposes. Why we process personal data We use your personal data for providing you the services we offer. To do so, we keep records of your interaction with us. We may also contact you for assistance and service purposes or to inform you about our services. If you do not provide us with your personal information, we will be unable to provide you with the requested services. We will also process your personal data where we are required to do so by law (e.g. to keep sales records for tax purposes) or where you have expressly permitted us to do so. How we use personal data We will store and process your personal data within the European Union and Switzerland. We may store and process your personal data, or share it with the recipients described below, also outside of the European Union and Switzerland. We will do so only to the extent permitted by applicable law and take appropriate safeguards to ensure the security and integrity of your personal data. You may contact us anytime using the contact details below if you would like further information on such safeguards. We will not take any automated decisions affecting you or create profiles using your personal data. Who we share personal data with We may share your personal data with:
our affiliates where required to provide you with our services or otherwise permitted or required by applicable law; LafargeHolcim entities world-wide
We may also instruct service providers (e.g. a cloud provider), domestically or abroad, to process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions. We will retain control over your personal data and will remain fully responsible to you when engaging service providers. Otherwise, no third parties will have access to your personal data unless there is legal obligation or you give us permission to do so. How long do we store personal data? We will hold your personal data as long as required to provide the services or information you have requested and to administer your relationship with us. If you have asked us not to communicate with you, we will hold this information as long as required to comply with your request. We are also required to keep certain of your personal data (e.g. relating to business transactions) for certain retention periods under applicable law. Your personal data will be promptly deleted when it is no longer required for these purposes. Your rights You have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data or restriction of processing concerning you and to object to processing as well as the right to data portability in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation. In particular you have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. If you use this service repeatedly, we may make a small charge for this. If you would like to transfer your personal data to another controller, we will provide you with the personal data which you provided to us and which has been processed by automated means in a machine readable portable format free of charge. As we want to make sure that your personal data is accurate and up to date you may also ask us to correct or remove any information which you think is inaccurate. For any of the above requests, please send a description of your personal data concerned and state name, email address, your personal account and customer number as proof of identity to info@lafargeholcim-foundation.org. We may require additional proof of identity to protect your personal data against unauthorized access. If you have any concerns about how your personal data is handled by us or wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact us at info@lafargeholcim-foundation.org to have the matter investigated. If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the competent data protection supervisory authority in your country. What if I'm under 16? If you are under 16, please make sure that you obtain your parent/guardian’s permission prior to providing us with any of your personal data. Persons under the age of 16 are not permitted to provide us with their personal data without such consent. Changes to this notice This Data Privacy Notice was last updated in May 2019. From time to time, we may make change or amend it as required to comply with applicable data protection law. So you may wish to check back from time to time. Any amended information Data Privacy Notice will apply from the date it is posted on our website. If you have any questions regarding your rights or if you have any specific requests relating to your personal data please contact: LafargeHolcim Foundation for Sustainable ConstructionData Protection OfficerHagenholzstrasse 838050 ZurichSwitzerlandPhone +41 58 858 8292Email info@lafargeholcim-foundation.org
Although cities are engines of economic development and concentrations of human activities, they are also hubs for consumption with the…
Search Help Our website search engine covers the web pages including project descriptions and expert profiles, PDFs, images and videos on the LafargeHolcim Foundation website. To improve your search results, here are some tips: Basic search Our search defaults to term-pairing AND. If you search sustainable construction - then the search engine will look for any items containing sustainable AND construction Union photovoltaic OR solar Looks for either word Nesting (clay OR mud) AND (school OR university) Combine alternative terms for more specific searching Subtraction geothermal -heating Excludes a term from results, automatically ANDs other terms listed Phrases "zero carbon" Use quotation marks to search for a specific phrase or combination Wildcards (one or more characters) archit* Asterisk (*) matches any word or phrase - so archit* will find architect, architecture, architectural as well as architrave