http://www.crosman.com/general/privacy-policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
SECURITY AND PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy
We are committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of your personal information. We do not collect Personal Information unless you voluntarily provide it to us.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
Name
Contact Information
Registration information
Credit/debit card information
Demographic information such as physical mailing address, preferences and interests
Customer Reviews
Information collected through our online page on a community website (e.g. Facebook and/or similar social media platforms).
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or our products and services.
AUTOMATED DATA COLLECTION (COOKIES, WEB BEACONS AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES)
We use “cookies” and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, ad tags and device identifiers) to improve the quality of your experience.
Cookies store information that a website may need in order to personalize your experience and gather website statistical data.
Any time you visit our Website to browse or to read or download information, cookies may collect and store the name of the domain and host form which you access the Internet; the Internet protocol address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our Website; and the Interment address of the website from which you linked directly to our Website.
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to areas of our website, and to help us make our Website more useful and interesting to our visitors.
We use information from cookies in the aggregate to analyze for trends and statistics.
Technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
BROWSER COOKIES:
A cookie is a small file place on the hard drive of your computer.
You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.
However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website
FLASH COOKIES: Certain features of our Website may use Flash Cookies to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website.
Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
WEB BEACONS: Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files know as web beacons (also referred to as clear gif, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that enable us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We may also use technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third party websites or other online services (e.g. behavioral tracking).
WHAT WE DO WITHE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We use the information for our internal record keeping.
We use the information you provide (about you or someone else) to fulfill customer orders.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may post a product review or other content that you submit, although we reserve the right to not post such content.
See our Terms of Use for more information.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers, contests, sweepstakes or other information using the email address which you have provided.
We provided full instructions on how to unsubscribe from these distribution lists at the bottom of each e-mail that is circulated.
We may use the information to contact you for market research purposes.
We may contact you by email, phone or post mail.
We may use the information to tailor the Website according to your interest and/or to help us analyze and improve our Website’s overall performance.
We may use your data (including your communications) if we think it is necessary to i) investigate possible fraudulent activities; ii) monitor security threats or iii) conduct export compliance screening.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries, partners, affiliates, and third-party independent contractors for purposes of: i) performing functions on behalf of us, such as processing credit card transactions; ii) providing you with product offers through electronic and/or post mail; and iii) tracking information generated through our Website.
Our partners and third-party independent contractors are obligated contractually not to use or share your personal information for unauthorized purposes.
We may also disclose your personal information: i) to comply with a court order subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process; ii) to comply with legal, regulatory, or administrative requirements of any governmental authorities; iii) to protect us from any legal action, claim, or dispute; iv) to enforce the Terms of Use of our Website; v) to prevent imminent physical harm; and vi) in the event we find that your actions on our Website violate any laws, our Terms of Use, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
REGISTERED CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS
By creating a Register Customer Account on the Website, you will be able to store certain personal information to assist your online shopping experiences, such as shipping addresses, email addresses.
Accounts are completely optional and provided for your shopping convenience.
If you do not wish to set-up an account, you can proceed to checkout as a “Guest.”
You may access and edit personally-identifiable information maintained within your account at any time.
To do so, simply login using your email address and secured password and navigate through the information tabs in your Account Dashboard.
You may also subscribe to receive our free newsletter, e-mail promotions, and other updates by checking the box (“Newsletter Subscription”) at the time of checkout or account registration.
If you wish to unsubscribe form our e-mail list, you will need to do so by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing e-mails, or by updating your “Newsletter Subscription” status within your account.
DATA SECURITY
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place and maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Our website permits you to create an account. If you create an account, you will be prompted to create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you. You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
TRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION TO OTHER COUNTRIES
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that your information may be processed in the United States, where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States.
THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS/WEBSITES
We have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own.
LIMITATIONS FOR MINORS
We do not sell products for purchase by children; however, we may sell products usable by children under adult supervision for purchase by adults.
If you are under 18 years of age, please do not submit any information without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian.
We are committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children. We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from a person under the age of 13. If you believe that we have information from or about any person under the age of 13, please notify us as directed below.
CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK NOTICE
Because there are not yet common, industry standards accepted “do not track” standards and systems, our Website does not respond to “Do Not Track” Signals.
California Disclosure Information
California Residents. California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of such notice, please submit a written request to us using the information in the “Contact Information” section below.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, please email our Customer Service Team using the online contact form found at crosman.com/contact or write to:
Crosman Corporation
Attn: Consumer Affairs
7629 Routes 5 & 20
Bloomfield, NY 14469
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time in accordance with its data protection practices. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly in your use of the Site to ensure you are aware of current practices. Any use of the Site following the date on which we implement changes to this Privacy Policy shall constitute your acceptance of all such changes.
Any questions?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please notify us.
This Policy was last updated June 29, 2020
Seems like you're visiting the site from !
Would you like to visit the official Canadian Crosman website?
Stay on Crosman.com
Go to Crosman.ca