http://www.rogoff.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Close
Main navigation
Home
Company
Business
Personal
Contact
(212) 557-5666
Client Login
Privacy Policy
WE DO NOT RENT OR SELL YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS
Rogoff & Company, P.C. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: http://rogoff.com
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and for other purposes.
Our site uses a contact form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address), financial information, and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). Contact information from the contact form is used to send information about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
SPECIAL PRIVACY NOTICE RELATED TO CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION
Although our web site is not specifically directed toward children, and we do not collect personal information from persons under the age of 18 on our web site, we recognize that parents and children visit this site because of the family-friendly nature of our products. This provides us with the opportunity to help educate consumers about the Federal Trade Commission's Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule. Please visit http://ftc.gov/kidsprivacy for information from the Federal Trade Commission about protecting children's privacy online.
CONTACTING THE WEBSITE
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Rogoff & Company, PC
355 Lexington Ave6th FloorNew York, NY 10017
(212) 557-5666
Rogoff & Company, P.C.
Certified Public Accountants
355 Lexington Ave
6th Floor
New York,
NY
10017
info@rogoff.com
(212) 557-5666
Contact Information
Name
Company
Email
Phone
Message
Leave this field blank