https://www.technoserve.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home>TechnoServe Privacy Statement
Overview
Overview
Who We Are
Information That We Collect
How We Use Your Personal Data
Your Rights
Profiling
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
Safeguarding Measures
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
Legitimate Interests
How Long We Keep Your Data
Marketing
Cookies
How you can contact us with any queries or requests
Overview
Who We Are
Information That We Collect
How We Use Your Personal Data
Your Rights
Profiling
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
Safeguarding Measures
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
Legitimate Interests
How Long We Keep Your Data
Marketing
Cookies
How you can contact us with any queries or requests
TechnoServe Privacy Statement
Who We Are
The Data Controller is TechnoServe, INTERNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS, 1777 N Kent Street, Suite 1100, Arlington, VA 22209. We gather and process your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection Regulation and laws. This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations and explains how, why and when we collect and process your personal data.
Our Data Protection Officer is Jeff Chrisfield, Chief Financial Officer. If you have any questions about TechnoServe’s privacy policy or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights,  you can send an email to dpo@tns.org.
Information That We Collect
TechnoServe processes your personal information to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this notice.
The personal data that we collect from you:
Donors and subscribers
When you contact us or enter your details in any of our online forms, we may receive and retain personal information about you. This can consist of information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone or mobile phone number, and financial details to process donations.
The lawful basis for processing your personal data for marketing purposes is based on your consent, which you can withdraw at any time. The lawful basis for processing your personal data in relation to donations, administration and record-keeping are based on our legitimate interests and our legal obligations.
Contractors, Vendors and Service Providers
The personal data that we may collect or obtain may include your name and date of birth, your contact information such as your address and contact details (including your email and mobile telephone number), nationality, occupation/job title, country of residence, directorships, certified evidence of identification and proof of address, background checks regarding criminal convictions as appropriate.
The lawful basis for processing your personal data are, for the performance of any contract between us, to comply with our legal obligations such as financial due diligence and based on our legitimate interests in order to protect our business interests.
Employees, Fellows, Board Members and Volunteers
The information we hold includes your application form, CV and references, pre-employment information, your contract of employment and any amendments to it, correspondence, information needed for payroll, benefits and expenses purposes, address, contact and emergency contact details, education and training records, records of absence, information required to administer and operate physical and IT security measures, training, appraisals.
The lawful basis for processing your personal data are; for the performance of any contract of employment between us, to comply with our legal obligations such as taxation, and based on our legitimate interests in order to protect our business interests.
The lawful basis for processing your special category personal data are; for carrying out our obligations in the field of employment and social security and social protection law or for the assessment of the working capacity of an employee.
Applicants
The data collected includes your application details, employment history and interview notes where relevant.
The lawful basis for processing your personal data is to take steps to enter into a contract of employment.
We collect information in the following ways:
When you send us an email.
When you submit your information via an online form.
When you visit our website.
When you submit your information to us in paper form.
Through direct interaction, whether in person or on the phone.
Publicly available information online.
How We Use Your Personal Data
TechnoServe takes your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent; unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as it is necessary and for the purpose(s) specified in this notice. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time.
TechnoServe will use your personal information for several purposes including the following:
For the performance of any employment, service or supply contracts between us;
In relation to any correspondence you have entered into with us whether by letter, email, text, social media, message board or any other means;
For “service administration purposes”, which means that TechnoServe may contact you for reasons related to donations you have made such as your tax status with regard to the completion of commercial or other transactions you have entered into with TechnoServe or the activity or online content you have signed up for;
For internal record keeping;
To invite you to participate in surveys or research about TechnoServe or our work (participation is always voluntary);
For marketing purposes where you have specifically consented to receive marketing communications from us;
To personalize the way TechnoServe content is presented to you;
To use IP addresses to identify the location of users, to block disruptive use, to establish the number of visits from different countries;
To analyze and improve the activities and content offered by the TechnoServe website to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience.
We may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individuals are identified) for marketing and strategic development purposes.
Your Rights
TechnoServe would like to make sure that you are fully aware of your data protection rights.  You have the right to access any personal information that TechnoServe processes about you and to request information about:
What personal data we hold about you.
The purposes of the processing.
The categories of personal data concerned.
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed.
How long we intend to store your personal data.
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source.
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to do so as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing (where applicable) in accordance with the data protection laws; as well as to object to any direct marketing from us. Where applicable, you have the right to be informed about any automated decision-making we may use.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Profiling
TechnoServe does not carry out automated decision-making but we systematically analyze our databases and the information that we hold about you, in order to improve the efficiency, cost-effectiveness, and relevance of our communication with you (profiling), you will be informed about this as soon as possible, but at the latest when we contact you as a result of such profiling by reference to this privacy statement.
We may sometimes use geo-demographic and/or other personal information which may include identification of individuals’ capacity to give, through a process called ‘wealth screening’, using publicly available information sources. We may also carry out our own research into our supporters, again using publicly available information or information that you provide us with. This allows us to tailor our fundraising and marketing activities to make them as appropriate as possible for our supporters and reflect their interests as closely as possible.
If you would prefer us not to process your personal data for the purpose of wealth screening, we will respect your wishes.
If you do not wish to be subject to such profiling or wealth screening or wish to update your contact preferences, please email your request to DPO@tns.org.
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
We will only disclose information about you to third parties if we need to comply with our contractual duties or where we are legally obliged to do so, and where possible the personal data will be anonymized. All processors act on our behalf only, third parties process your data in accordance with instructions from us and comply fully with this privacy notice, the data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Examples of third parties we may need to share your data with:
We may transfer information about you to field offices for purposes connected with your employment or the management of the company’s business.
Third-party providers such as payment solution providers in relation to the processing of donations.
Funding partners in relation to our programs.
Outsourced providers such as payroll, pension, tax and medical advisors.
Regulatory bodies such as the IRS.
Postal addresses may be shared with list brokers and list managers with whom we have reciprocal and/or contractual arrangements.
Where we transfer personal information for the above reasons, we utilize safeguarding measures and mechanisms to ensure that your personal data is always safe and secure such as having a signed agreement in place with all third-party processors.
Safeguarding Measures
TechnoServe takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place, including:
Encryption of personal data when transferring.
Pseudonymisation and aggregation of personal data wherever possible.
Internal policies and measures which meet the principles of data protection by design and data protection by default.
Restricted access to personal data based on need (access controls).
Firewalls & Anti-virus/malware.
The ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of processing systems and services.
The appointment of a Data Protection Officer.
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
You are not obligated to provide your personal information to TechnoServe however, as this information may be required for us to provide you with our services and meet our legal obligations we will not be able to offer some/all our services without it.
Legitimate Interests
As noted in this notice, we occasionally process your personal information under the legitimate interests’ legal basis. Where this is the case, we have carried out a Legitimate Interests’ Assessment (LIA) to ensure that we have weighed your interests and any risk posed to you against our own interests; ensuring that they are proportionate and appropriate.
We use the legitimate interests’ legal basis to monitor and evaluate the development activities of TechnoServe and to process donations and have identified that our principal interest is our objective to further our charitable aims of aiding our beneficiaries in the developing world.
How Long We Keep Your Data
TechnoServe only ever retains personal information for as long as it is necessary and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations. The precise length of time will depend on the type of data, our legitimate business needs and other legal or regulatory rules that may require us to retain it for certain minimum periods.   Once we have determined that we no longer need to hold your personal data, we will securely delete it.
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
Marketing
Occasionally, TechnoServe would like to contact you with updates relating to our projects and services or campaigns we are undertaking. If you consent to us using your contact details for this purpose, you have the right to modify or withdraw your consent at any time by using the opt-out/unsubscribe options or by contacting dpo@tns.org.
Cookies
TechnoServe uses first-party and third-party cookies on our website. We use cookies in order to make our Site easier to use, to support the provision of information and functionality to you. For further information please see our Cookie Policy.
How you can contact us with any queries or requests:
TechnoServe Inc.
INTERNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS
1777 N Kent Street, Suite 1100
Arlington, VA 22209
Tel: +1 202 785 4515
Fax: +1 202 785 4544
Alternatively, you can send an email to DPO@tns.org
The Data Protection Officer is Jeff Chrisfield, Chief Financial Officer.
Support Our Work
Your support fuels our mission.
Make A Difference
Support Us
Blog
News
Resources
Contact Us
FAQs
Close Searchclose
Building a brighter, more stable future in communities
fighting poverty is being tested now like never before.
Make a difference this holiday season
through a generous charitable gift.
I will help now
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkCookie policy