http://www.lesco.com/privacy-and-data
Skip to Main Content
Golf
Turf
Ornamental
Products
Where to Buy
History
Blog
Privacy and Data
Online Privacy Statement
SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. (the "Company," "we" or "SiteOne") respects the privacy of its customers and of users of and visitors to its website.  This Privacy Statement explains how SiteOne collects, uses and discloses "Personal Information" (as defined below) via its website, mobile applications and other services (collectively, "Services"). By using our Services, you consent to this Statement.  If you do not agree with all the items in this Statement, you must not use our Services.  If you have additional questions, please contact us at marketing@siteone.com.
1. Types of Information & Data We Collect
SiteOne collects "Personal Information," which is information about you that is personally identifiable to you. It may also include other information about you that we may tie to Personal Information. SiteOne collects the following types of Personal Information when you initiate transactions with us:
Contact Information that allows us to identify and to communicate with you, such as your name, phone number, username, mailing address, and email address.
Relationship Information that helps us understand who you are and what you want in order to offer you products and services that may interest you.
Transaction Information about how you interact with SiteOne, our suppliers and business partners and our Services, including service inquiries and customer accounts.
Financial Account Information, such as your credit information and information about financing and leasing activities.
2. How SiteOne Collects Information & Data
Directly From You:
We collect Personal Information directly from you when you submit it to us, such as when you make a purchase, use our Services, submit a request for service or information, sign up as a Partners Program or other rewards or rebate program member or seek training or technical support.
From Our Services:
We use cookies and other technological tools to collect information about your computer and your use of our Services.  We treat this information as Personal Information when it is associated with your Contact Information.  For more information about cookies and other technologies, please see the section Cookies and Similar Collection Technologies below.
3. How SiteOne Uses Information & Data (the "Purposes")
SiteOne uses Personal Information for a variety of purposes, including:
Customer Service and Support: to fulfill requests for services, such as technical support, training, rewards and credit services; and to deliver information such as product improvement, incentive program and product safety or recall communications;
Marketing: to provide you with communications and offers for products and services from SiteOne or our suppliers and partners, including offers based on your interests, prior purchases, personal and business characteristics and location;
Surveys & Promotional Events: to administer surveys, polls, sweepstakes, contests, loyalty programs and other promotional events;
Eligibility: to determine if you are eligible for certain products, services or offers;
Communications: to provide you with information that may be of interest, such as SiteOne or supplier news, catalogs, announcements, reminders, and technical service bulletins; and
Manage Our Everyday Business Needs: such as product development, product safety, regulatory changes, contract management, administration of the Services, web-forum management, order or contract fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, corporate governance, reporting and legal compliance.
4. Disclosure of Personal Information
We limit our sharing of Personal Information as follows:
We may share Personal Information with our affiliated companies, suppliers, and business partners, which may use it for the Purposes listed above.
We may also share Personal Information with our service providers to fulfill the Purposes on our behalf. Our service providers are bound by law or contract to use Personal Information only in accordance with our instructions.
We may disclose Personal Information where needed to effect the sale or transfer of business assets, to enforce our rights, protect our property, protect the rights, property or safety of others, or as needed to support external auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions. We will also disclose Personal Information when required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena, including to law enforcement agencies and courts.
Please note that we may also disclose information and data about you that is not Personal Information. For example, we may publish reports that contain aggregated and statistical data about our customers.
5. Cookies and Similar Collection Technologies
When you visit our website or use our mobile applications, we may collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, browser analysis tools, server logs and web beacons.  We collect many different types of information from cookies and other technologies. For example, we may collect information about the device you use to access our website, your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. Our server logs also may record the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to SiteOne and the website you visit after you leave our site.
In many cases, the information we collect using cookies and other tools is only used in a non-identifiable way, without reference to Personal Information. For example, we use information we collect about website users to optimize our websites and to understand website traffic patterns.
In some cases, we do associate the information we collect using cookies and other technology with your Personal Information. Additionally, if the settings on your geo-aware mobile devices permit our mobile applications to collect location information, we will collect that information automatically. This Statement governs how we use all of this information when we associate it with your Personal Information.
SiteOne has relationships with third party advertising and analytics companies to perform tracking and reporting functions for our web processing. These companies may place cookies on your computer so that they can display targeted advertisements to you. These third party advertising and analytics companies should not collect Personal Information in this process, and we do not give Personal Information to them as part of this process.
6. Your Choices
You can limit the information you provide to SiteOne. You can also limit the communications that SiteOne sends to you. To opt-out of marketing emails, you can visit our website and communicate your choice to the relevant privacy contact. Alternatively, you may opt-out of receiving future marketing emails by clicking "unsubscribe" at the bottom of marketing emails we send you.
Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing material, we may still need to contact you with important Transactional Information about your account. For example, even if you opt-out of marketing emails, we may still send you a confirmation when you register with our Services, notify you of changes to this Statement or send product safety or recall communications.
You can manage cookie preferences and opt-out of having cookies and other similar collection technologies used by adjusting the settings on your browser or interface. You can manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share location information with SiteOne, as well as how your mobile browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting your mobile device privacy and security settings.
If you have any questions about your choices, please contact us via email to marketing@siteone.com. You can also write us at the address in the How to Contact Us section below. If you send us a letter, please provide your name, address, email address, and information about the communications that you do not want to receive.
7. Access and Correction
SiteOne complies with applicable law regarding your ability to access, correct and delete your Personal Information. If you have an online account, you may be able to log into your account to access and update certain information you provided to us.  If you need assistance updating or deleting your Personal Information, please contact us via email to marketing@siteone.com. You can also write us at the address in the How to Contact Us section below. If you send us a letter, please provide your name, address, email address, and detailed information about the change you would like to make.
8. Information & Data Security
SiteOne uses various controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard Personal Information, such as encrypted transmission and access-controlled storage.  Even so, technical mistakes are possible.  No service provider, including SiteOne, can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.
9. Transfer of Information & Data to Other Countries
The Company is headquartered in the United States of America. Personal Information may be accessed by or transferred to the United States or to our affiliates and data processors elsewhere in the world for the Purposes described in this Privacy Statement. When we access or transfer Personal Information, we do so in compliance with applicable law.  Additionally, we take steps to protect the privacy and security of Personal Information, regardless of where it is processed or stored.
10. Privacy Policies of Third Parties
This Privacy Statement only addresses the use and disclosure of information and data by SiteOne. Other websites that may be accessible through this website have their own privacy policies and practices. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by all third parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion.
11. Job Applicants
If you have applied for employment with SiteOne, the Personal Information submitted with your job application will be used for recruitment and other internal human resources purposes and, if applicable, may be shared with third party service providers engaged by us to assist us with employment and background check matters.
12. Changes to this Privacy Statement
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Statement to reflect new or different privacy practices. We may place a notice on our homepage when we make material changes to this Privacy Statement. We may also notify you about the change by sending a notice to you.
13. How to Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Statement. You can reach us online at marketing@siteone.com. You can also reach us via mail directed to:
SiteOne Landscape Supply
Privacy Management
C/O Marketing Department
300 Colonial Center Parkway
Suite 600
Roswell, GA 30076
LAST REVISED: September 13, 2016