https://www.zeonchemicals.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Terms of Use
Important – Please Read Carefully:
By visiting or using the Web site at www.zeonchemicals.com, including without limitation the computer software, associated media, printed materials and “online” or electronic documentation, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you do not have any right to use www.zeonchemicals.com. These Terms and Conditions are a legal contract between you and ZEON CHEMICALS L.P. (“ZEON”) for use of www.zeonchemicals.com. Please read them carefully.
Privacy
ZEON may release personally identifiable information collected on www.zeonchemicals.com to trusted third parties. For more information, please see our Privacy Notice, which also govern your use of www.zeonchemicals.com and are incorporated into these Terms and Conditions by reference.
Purpose
Your satisfaction is important to us. Our website is designed to help you facilitate your success by providing access to, and information about, many of ZEON’S products and services.
Product Safety
ZEON maintains material safety data sheets (“MSDSs”) on all its products. To enhance the protection of your employees and customers against any known health or safety hazards, you are urged to obtain copies of relevant MSDSs before using any ZEON products. Please contact us if you have any questions about the MSDSs or any ZEON product.
Third Party Sites
Reference and links to third party companies and products are for informational purposes only and constitute neither an endorsement nor a recommendation and are not intended to suggest any affiliation unless expressly stated on www.zeonchemicals.com. You may be able to access other Internet sites not created by ZEON or its affiliates through www.zeonchemicals.com. The reliability, availability, legality, performance and other aspects of resources on Internet sites other than those created by ZEON or its affiliates is beyond ZEON’S control. ZEON makes no representations or warranties with respect to any third party sites.
Public Forums
Zeonchemicals.com may contain chat rooms, forums, message boards and/or news groups available to its users. In no event will the appearance of any information or statements on www.zeonchemicals.com be construed as any indication by ZEON regarding the veracity or validity of such information or statements. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Disclaimer
The information contained herein is believed to be reliable, but no representations, guarantees or warranties of any kind are made as to its accuracy, suitability for particular applications or the results to be obtained there from. The information is based on laboratory work with small-scale equipment and does not necessarily indicate end product performance. Because of the variations in methods, conditions and equipment used commercially in processing these materials, no warranties or guarantees are made as to the suitability of the products for the applications disclosed. Full-scale testing and end product performance are the responsibility of the user. Zeon Chemicals L.P. shall not be liable for and the customer assumes all risk and liability of any use or handling of any material beyond the direct control of Zeon Chemicals L.P. The SELLER MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Nothing contained herein is to be considered as permission, recommendation, nor as an inducement to practice any patented invention without permission of the patent owner.
Our site uses cookies to collect the necessary data to improve your browsing
experience and customize content based on your interests.
To learn more, please read our Policy on the use of cookies.
Functional Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the proper operation of the website and cannot be disabled.
Allow Statistical Cookies
These cookies enable us to compile statistics so that we can offer content better tailored to the needs of our visitors.
Third-Party Cookies
These cookies are used by third-party applications to provide you with content that matches your areas of interest.
Confirm my selection
Cancel
Accept and access the site
Cookie Options