http://www.martinbros.com/about/privacypolicy
HomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyWe recognize that your privacy is important. This Policy discloses Martin Bros. Distributing Company Inc.’s privacy practices for the Company’s various websites (collectively “Site”), as well as related products or services we may offer (“Services”). The Policy also covers how personal information and other information we receive or collect about you is treated.What information do we collect?In order to provide you with better service, we may collect two types of information about our Site users: Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) and Aggregate Information (“AI”).Personally Identifiable Information: PII refers to information that specifically identifies you. We may request and collect information from you when you engage in certain activities on our Site, including registering on our Site, placing an order, subscribing to our newsletter, responding to a survey or filling out a form.You may be asked to enter PII such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, company name, or other similar information. When ordering products or services on the Site, you may be asked to provide payment information, including a credit card number. We do not collect PII unless you voluntarily provide it, although certain PII may be required in order to use certain products or services available on the Site.Aggregate Information: AI refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We may gather certain information about you based upon where you visit on our Site and what other sites may have directed you to us. That information is collected in a variety of ways and may be compiled and analyzed on a personal and aggregated basis. AI includes the URL or link which points you to the site you just came from, which Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) you visit after visiting our site, what internet browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.We may collect, or third party partners on our behalf may collect, and use certain AI. We may use your IP address to diagnose problems with our Site, servers, software, to administer our Site, or to gather demographic information. We may also receive from third party partners aggregate reports.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site featureTo send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, or similar content. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your PII, by using this Site you acknowledge that there are inherent security and privacy limitations to the Internet which are beyond our control and that the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.Do we use cookies?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow it) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information, such as your IP address, browser type, the server your computer is logged into, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and your first name to welcome you back to the site.We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. Cookies may be used to monitor aggregate site usage metrics, store and remember your passwords (with your permission), store account and advertising preferences you have set, and generally personalize the services we make available to you. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. Some aspects of the site may not function properly if you disable cookies.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your PII. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third-party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third- party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act complianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://www.martinsmart.comYour consentBy accessing or using our Site or Services, you acknowledge our Policy and any modifications and agree to abide by and be bound by our online Privacy Policy as well as our Terms and Conditions.Changes to our Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to change this Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Depending on the extent and nature of the change, we may also notify you using contact information you have provided.Contacting usIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.Martin Bros. Distributing406 Viking RdCedar Falls, IA 50613https://www.martinbros.com