http://www.centralrestaurant.com/legal-information
Questions?
Tap to Call
(800) 215-9293
(800) 222-5108
Toggle navigation
Logout
Chat
Contact Us
Catalog Request
Email Sign Up
Company
Sign in
My Account
Dashboard
Settings
Statement
Orders
Order History
Quotes
My Cart
Wishlist
Need Help?
Chat Now
Call us: 800.215.9293
Resource Center
Log In
View Cart
Checkout
Search
Top Search Terms:
freezer
| microwave
| slicer
| oven
| refrigerator
View Cart
My Account
Logout
Cooking Equipment
Commercial Ovens
Commercial Steamers
Warming and Holding Equipment
Commercial Ranges
Commercial Deep Fryers
Griddles
Charbroilers and Grills
Commercial Toasters
Range Accessories
Shop All Cooking Equipment
Food Preparation
Stainless Work Tables
Mixers
Food and Vegetable Processing
Storage Containers and Labels
Slicers
Cookware Supplies
Steam Table Pans
Blenders and Juicers
Hot Food Tables and Accessories
Cutlery and Knives
Shop All Food Preparation
Refrigeration
Commercial Ice Machines
Reach In Refrigerators
Reach In Freezers
Glass Door Merchandisers
Commercial Prep Tables
Undercounter and Worktop Refrigeration
Bar Refrigerators
Walk In Coolers and Freezers
Refrigerated Display Cases
Milk Coolers
Shop All Refrigeration
Furniture
Restaurant Seating - Metal
Outdoor Furniture
Restaurant Tables
Restaurant Seating - Wood
Restaurant Booths
K-12 School Furniture and Equipment
Stacking and Folding Chairs
Furniture Sets
Child Seating
Office Furniture
Shop All Furniture
Dining Room
Buffet Equipment and Supplies
Bar Supplies and Equipment
Coffee and Beverage Supplies
Catering Equipment and Supplies
Drinkware, Barware and Stemware
Dinnerware - China and Glass
Flatware
Food Service Trays
Melamine and Plastic Dinnerware
Food Serving
Shop All Dining Room
Shelving Racks & Carts
Carts Trolleys and Trucks
Restaurant Shelving
Storage Racks
Metro Shelving
Wall Shelving
Specialty Shelving
Cambro Shelving
Dunnage
Dinnerware Storage and Transport
Shelving Accessories
Shop All Shelving Racks and Carts
Pizza and Concessions
Commercial Pizza Ovens
Concessions Merchandisers
Pizza Serving and Holding
Concessions Equipment
Pizza Dough Equipment
Pizza Pans and Pizza Screens
Condiment Serving
Cup and Lid Dispensers
Shop All Pizza and Concessions
Dishwashing Sanitation
Commercial Dishwashers
Commercial Sinks
Trash Cans and Waste Removal
Faucets and Pre-Rinse Sprayers
Matting and Treads
Floor Care
Disposers and Grease Traps
Restroom Supplies
Dishwashing Accessories
Dish and Glass Racks
Shop All Dishwashers and Sanitation
School Supplies
Sale & Clearance
Sale
Clearance
MORE
Hospitality
Consumables
Parts
Vendors
Free Shipping
Same Day Shipping
GSA Information
Segments
Buying Guides
Resources
Legal Disclaimers
At Central Products, LLC (DBA "Central Restaurant Products"), we are committed to protecting your privacy. Central Restaurant Products takes precautions to ensure the security of your Company information and strives to keep it accurate. Central Restaurant Products carefully protects your Company information from loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation and unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure. Central Restaurant Products may use your Company information to contact you about a Central Restaurant Products offer in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to better understand our customers' needs and profiles. If you choose not to have your Company information used to support our customer relationship, Central Restaurant Products will respect your choice.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images and software) is the property of Central Products, Inc. or its content suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws (unless previously public domain). The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Central Products, Inc. and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All operating software used on this site is the property of Central Products, Inc. or its suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The content and software on this site may be used as a shopping resource. Any materials included in this site also may not be mirrored.
Users of this website are restricted from copying, reverse engineering, modifying, using, or reproducing any information (including, without limitation, any Source Data) on this website for purposes other than to complete transactions on this website; and users are restricted from using any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, crawl, index, spider, click spam, macro programs, Internet agent, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology which does the same things, to use, access, copy, acquire information, generate impressions or clicks, input information, store information, search, generate searches, or monitor any portion of this website that displays portions of the Source Data.
Disclaimer
This site is provided by Central Products, Inc. on an "as is" basis. Central Products, Inc. makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Central Products, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Central Products, Inc. shall not be liable for faulty, outdated, or otherwise inaccurate information on this site, including product editorials, product specifications or inventory status, and reserves the right to correct pricing errors and to change prices or discontinue products at any time. Central Products, Inc. will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
System Availability
Central Products, Inc. makes every effort to maintain 100 percent system availability. Should we experience technical difficulties, Central Products, Inc. is not responsible for orders that are not processed or accepted.
Termination
Central Products, Inc. reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Central Products, Inc. believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Central Products, Inc. and its affiliates. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.
close
close
Item successfully added to your cart
Qty
Item
Description
Price
Total
View Cart
Checkout