http://www.cofunds.co.uk/ukcpw/customer/cookies-and-privacy.html
As a result of the Coronavirus pandemic, we have made a number of changes to make it easier to do business with us online, including managing your investments safely and securely once logged in.
Beware of fraudsters posing as Aegon: We’ve had several reports of criminals impersonating Aegon by creating fake websites and email addresses. Find out more about staying scam savvy and how to report suspicious behaviour here.
People are now living longer than ever before, and while living longer and healthier lives is great news, it makes planning for your financial goals ever more important.
Confirmation of Payee
Confirmation of Payee is a new service being introduced by banks. View our summary guide for an overview of the changes and making payments to us.
Protecting your privacy and security
When you use our products and services you’re trusting us to keep your information safe. Fraudsters may try and imitate our emails so we want to let you know that we’ll never send you an email asking for your login details or password. If you’ve any concerns about the validity of any email, please call us.
If you're an Investor Portfolio Service customer, please visit our IPS page
Brexit - what could it mean for you?
Learn more
What you can expect from us
Wide investment choice - we offer over 4,000 investment options (ast at February 2020)
Tax-efficient options, including bonds, pensions, ISAs and trusts
Secure, online access to your investments
Accessing your Aegon Dashboard
We can offer online access to your account but, if you have an intermediary, you'll need to speak to them first.
If you don’t have an intermediary and are comfortable managing your own investments, you can sign in to manage your account.
Sign in to the Aegon Dashboard
Sign in to the Aegon Dashboard
View transcript
- for Ways to save
What's the next step for you?
If you have an intermediary
If you have an intermediary, discuss your finances as you would normally, and decide which products and investments are right for you. Then, when you’ve agreed what you’re going to do, your intermediary will put them in place for you.
If you and your intermediary decide it's right for you, we can also offer online access to your account. With our online services, you can view and manage your investments wherever and whenever you want using your Aegon Dashboard.
Your relationship with your intermediary will stay exactly the same. It’s just that, with us, keeping track and managing your investments becomes easier and more straightforward.
If you don’t have an intermediary
If you don’t have an intermediary and are comfortable with making your own financial decisions, you can sign in to your Aegon Dashboard and manage your own investments.
You can find out more about some of the services intermediaries can offer, but it’s important to remember that there are different types of intermediaries, including financial advisers and execution-only brokers.
While a financial adviser may be able to help you invest your savings in the right way and at the right level of risk for you, some services available only offer guidance, and not advice. You can look at Money Advice Service for free guidance and help finding a financial adviser.
Find out how an intermediary could help you
Welcome to Aegon.
In order to get you to the right place, we need to find out a bit more about you.
Please select the box that applies to you.
I’m an intermediary
I’m a customer
If you require access to our institutional website, select Institutional here.
You told us previously that you were an intermediary. Please select the box that's right for you.
I'm still an intermediary
I'm a customer
If you’re a regular visitor to the intermediary hub, please bookmark the intermediary home page to avoid us asking you again.
If you require access to institutional material select Institutional here.