http://www.scotcu.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
USE OF COOKIES
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are text files that web servers can store on your computer’s hard drive when you visit a website. There are two main types:
Transient (or per-session) cookies
These only exist for your site visit and are deleted on exit. They recognise you as you move between pages, for example, recording items added to an online shopping basket. These cookies also help maintain security.
Persistent (or permanent) cookies
These stay on your machine until expiry or deletion. Many are built with automatic deletion dates to help ensure your hard drive doesn’t get overloaded. These cookies often store and re-enter your log-in information, so you don’t need to remember membership details.
Additionally, cookies can be first party or third party cookies.
The Transport Credit Union website does not use third party cookies.
The Transport Credit Union only uses first party cookies that are necessary for the site to function as it should and deliver the best experience to the user.
We use cookies to:
Gather member journey information across our site
Ensure your privacy in our secure site
We use only our own (first party) cookies to support these activities.
Some of our services require cookies in your browser to view and use them and to protect your financial and personal information.
CHANGING YOUR COOKIE SETTINGS
You are not obliged to accept cookies that we send to you and you can, in fact, modify your browser so that it will not accept cookies. To enable or disable cookies, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the Help, Tools or Edit facility). Alternatively, an external resource is available, providing specific information about cookies and how to manage them to suit your preferences.
Please note that should you choose to set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access secure areas of this site, for example, the online services.
HOW TO DISABLE THEM
If cookies aren’t enabled on your computer, it will mean that your visitor experience on our website will be limited to browsing and researching;
To enable cookies
If you’re not sure of the type and version of web browser you use to access the Internet:
For PCs: click on ‘Help’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘About’ option
For Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the ‘About’ option
How to check cookies are enabled for PCs
Google Chrome
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select Options
Click the ‘Under the Hood’ tab, locate the ‘Privacy’ section, and select the ‘Content settings’ button
Now select ‘Allow local data to be set’
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Internet options’ , then click on the ‘Privacy’ tab
Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser
Settings above Medium will disable cookies
Mozilla Firefox
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select Options
Then select the Privacy icon
Click on Cookies, then select ‘allow sites to set cookies’
Safari
Click on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Click on ‘Security’, check the option that says ‘Block third-party and advertising cookies’
Click ‘Save’
How to check cookies are enabled for Macs
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX
Click on ‘Explorer’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Preferences’ options
Scroll down until you see ‘Cookies’ under Receiving Files
Select the ‘Never Ask’ option
Safari on OSX
Click on ‘Safari’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Click on ‘Security’ then ‘Accept cookies’
Select the ‘Only from site you navigate to’
Mozilla and Netscape on OSX
Click on ‘Mozilla’ or ‘Netscape’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Scroll down until you see cookies under ‘Privacy & Security’
Select ‘Enable cookies for the originating web site only’
Opera
Click on ‘Menu’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Settings’
Then select ‘Preferences’, select the ‘Advanced’ tab
Then select ‘Accept cookies’ option
All other browsers
Please consult your documentation or online help files.
Third-party cookies
When you visit our website you may notice some cookies that are not related to website. When you visit a page that contains embedded content, for example from YouTube, you may be sent cookies from these websites. We don’t control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Further information about cookies
If you’d like to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit www.aboutcookies.org (opens in a new window – please note that we can’t be responsible for the content of external websites).
This website only uses 1st party necessary & required cookies for operation of the site, no personal data is collected. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy