https://www.welding-alloys.com/EN/legal-informations.html
Skip to navigationSkip to content×Legal and Privacy informationCompany Registration Information
Telephone number: +44 (0) 1763 207500 Name: Welding Alloys LtdTrading brands: Welding Alloys GroupPlace of Registration: England UK Registered Number: 793416 VAT number: GB213817284
Registered Office
The Way  Fowlmere  Nr Royston  Hertfordshire  SG8 7QS UK
Privacy Policy
This statement discloses the information about privacy for Welding Alloys websites, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used and with whom the information is shared.
In general, you can visit Welding Alloys on the web without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we or our partners may need information from you.
You may choose to give us personal information, such as your name, address and e-mail that may be needed, for example, to correspond with you, to process an order or to provide you with a subscription. It is our intent to let you know how we will use such information before we collect it from you on the Internet. If you tell us that you do not want us to use this information as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes.
The Welding Alloys websites contain links to other websites. Welding Alloys is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.  This privacy statement was last updated on 01 February 2010. A notice will be posted on our web site home page for 30 days whenever this privacy statement is changed.  Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Welding Alloys web administrator. (webmaster@welding-alloys.com) for clarification or at:
Head Office  Welding Alloys Group The Way Fowlmere Nr Royston, Herts SG8 7QS United Kingdom
Tel: +44 1763 207500 Fax: +44 1763 207501Our products & services Welding Alloys ConsumablesThe go-to provider of advanced welding consumables
Welding Alloys MachinesThe go-to provider of automated equipment for wear protection Welding Alloys Integra™The go-to provider of engineered wear protection solutions Request a quoteContact usNews & EventsTRI S RW - the versatile solution that meets the demands of urban railways01/12/2020 In order to best meet the requirements related to the maintenance of urban rail networks, the R&D team at Welding Alloys France has developed a unique cored wire called TRI S RW.WA Russia complete a Kiln Tyre repair23/11/2020 WA Russia Integra ™ recently completed a difficult and challenging Kiln Tyre repair for Heidelberg cement in Tula, Russia. The team demonstrated exceptional technical skill to get the plant back up and running on time and to the customers satisfaction.WAFE Celebrates 40 years!06/11/2020 Our subsidiary in Malaysia reached an impressive milestone this year!