https://www.royalny.com/privacy-policy/
Site Login
Don't have an account? Click here to register
Username *
Password *
Remember me
Lost your password?
Log in
Add to Favorites
x
Please enter your email address and you will be notified when the product arrives at the warehouse, has low stock or goes out of stock.
Email Address
Add to Favorites
Request Sample
x
How would you like your sample prepared?
Add to Sample Request
Loading...
Privacy Policy
ROYAL COFFEE NEW YORK, INC. PRIVACY STATEMENT
Royal Coffee New York, Inc. values your privacy.  This Privacy Statement of Royal Coffee New York, Inc., Royal Tea New York LLC, and The Lab, (collectively, “Royal NY,” “we,” “us,” or “our,”) outlines how your personally identifiable information and other personal data (your “user information”) will be collected, used, and shared in connection with your access to and/or use of Royal NY.com and any content, features, services, or other offerings that Royal NY may provide in connection therewith (collectively, the “Site”). This Privacy Statement also describes your choices and rights regarding the use, access and correction or deletion of your user information. By using the Site, you consent to the use of your user information in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you are located in the EU, you will also be asked to provide clear and unequivocal affirmative consent to the collection, processing, and sharing of your user information via cookies and similar technologies. The Site is owned and operated by Royal NY.
Notice to EU Individuals: this Privacy Statement and its enumerated policies are intended to comply with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”) and provide appropriate protection and care with respect to the treatment of your user information in accordance with the GDPR.
Summary
To enhance, personalize, and support your experience on the Site, among other things, we collect, use, and share your user information. For example, we use aggregated information to develop content targeted to user interests and to generally improve the Site’s user experience. As detailed below, your user information may also be used by Royal NY to tailor content and ads, provide social media features (e.g., features that allow you to share content directly to your preferred social media platform), track your preferences, analyze traffic, and provide similar services and content. Royal NY is committed to your privacy and will not share any user information with any third party without your consent, except as outlined in this Privacy Statement or as permitted by law. If you have any requests, comments, or questions about this Privacy Statement or your user information, please contact us in the manner provided below.
What this Privacy Statement Covers
This Privacy Statement covers the Site. While you may encounter links on the Site to other websites, please note that these websites are not covered by this Privacy Statement (unless otherwise noted on such site, which may be the case if, for example, the site is also owned and operated by Royal NY).
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the activities of Royal NY third party sponsors, advertisers, and other partners that may collect your user information while accessing or using such third party’s services in connection with your use of our Site (e.g. social media and sharing services). The privacy and information practices of those third parties are not covered by this Privacy Statement. To learn more about such third-party policies, we encourage you to read and review the privacy statements of each third-party service that you may choose to use in connection with the Site.
This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by us. As a general reminder, please think carefully before you decide to put anything on the internet. For example, if you voluntarily disclose user information in chat areas or bulletin boards (e.g., comments sections), that information could be seen and used by others, and may result in unsolicited messages from others. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information or other user information you may choose to submit in these public forums. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, please contact us as provided below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove personal information voluntarily disclosed by you in such forums for legal retention purposes or technical limitations (e.g., the data may not be searchable), in which case, we will notify you if we are unable to do so.
Gathering of Information
Section Overview
We collect user information when you use the Site. Sometimes you may submit it to us yourself, other times it may be collected automatically. You can manage and change your preferences as outlined below.
Information Collected
When you use the Site, your user information may be collected, used, and shared in a variety of manners. As detailed below, the type of user information collected may vary based on how it was gathered, but may include, among other things, your name, email address, and other information that you voluntarily submit (e.g., when setting up an account or submitting a registration or application on the Site, you may submit your contact information, social media account handles, and/or professional information), information automatically collected about your usage of the Site (e.g., the content that you choose to view), and information about you that our third-party partners may share with us if such third party partners have previously received your consent to do so.
Voluntary Submission
Royal NY may collect user information that is voluntarily provided by you or with your permission. For example, we may ask you for information, such as your e-mail address, when you register to become a member of the Site or register for a Royal NY-produced live event. You may also provide information to Royal NY in other contexts, including, for example, on your member profile page and public profile URL, and in the event you place an order via the Site, we may request additional personal information, such as your address, telephone number and credit card or other payment information, in order to complete the purchase. You always have the option not to provide the information we request. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit most of the Site, but you may be unable to access certain options and services. When you register or become a member of the Site or provide information to Royal NY in any other manner, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information. We also supplement the data you provide to us with data from data append services such as public or social graph data in order to better serve you with content or promotions.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is written to your computer’s hard drive by your web browser. A cookie file can contain and/or automatically collect information, such as a user identification code or IP address, that a website will use to track the pages and number of times you have visited. The data read from these cookies may be linked to personally identifying (PII) and non-personally identifying (non-PII) information.
We use cookies and similar technologies on the Site to personalize and optimize your browsing experience and the Site by:
providing you tailored content and advertisements (see below for more information),
enabling social media features,
safeguarding against spam and malware,
analyzing trends, traffic, and user behavior,
administering the website,
gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole,
tracking web and advertising analytics throughout the Site and its affiliate websites,
remembering your preferences and voluntarily-submitted information,
performing location-related functionalities and analytics,
participating in market research (e.g., website ratings), and
educating ourselves about how we can continue to improve the Site and its various elements.
Cookies fall into the subcategories below.
Essential Cookies. Certain cookies are used for specific purposes that are essential to your secure use and navigation of the Site. Without them, Royal NY may not be able to provide core Site functions and features to you, and the Site would not operate as well as you or Royal NY would like. These cookies collect and use information such as your server preferences, single-session data and corresponding identifier, web beacons and log files (detailed below), and other credential-related information. For EU individuals, essential cookies also help inform Royal NY whether you require, or have already been served, an affirmative consent request in connection with the GDPR. Essential cookies include analytics cookies, which provide us data that allows Royal NY to better understand its users and improve the Site based on what we have learned from that data.
Preference Cookies. Other cookies are used to collect and process information about your preferences and similar choices in connection with the Site in order to optimize your browsing experience (e.g., various local preference settings; which geographically-customized version of the Site and related content you may prefer [e.g., Royal NY US, Royal NY Asia, Royal NY Europe]). Preference cookies include social media cookies, which collect information about your social media usage and other data you may have provided in connection with such usage (if you access the Site through a social media website or mobile application, you may have social media cookies). If you wish to modify or change your social media cookies, please visit and review the settings on your applicable social media account(s).
Advertising Cookies. To help support the Site and further tailor your experience, Royal NY and/or their third-party analytics providers also use cookies on the Site to personalize the content and advertisements you may be shown. Such advertisements use cookies to provide you targeted advertisements that may be more consistent with your interests than non-targeted advertisements. Certain Royal NY advertising partners may also use cookies to monitor or track the performance of their advertising content, including native advertising content. Royal NY does not provide user information to advertising partners except in connection with the Site or as required by law.
If you would like to manage your cookie preferences or learn more information about this practice and your right to decline (or opt-out of) cookies placed by some or all of these companies, pleaseÂ click here (provide link) We encourage you to consider keeping your cookies enabled, as if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our Site, you may not be able to use or benefit from certain features of the Site, particularly the features that are designed to personalize your experience.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but generally allow users to modify their browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie, to accept cookies only from certain websites, and/or to refuse all cookies.
Web Beacons
We use web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs) on our sites in order to recognize users, assess traffic patterns, identify preferred content and measure site engagement. We also include web beacons in our e-mail messages, including newsletters, in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened.
Royal NY also uses web beacons to collect various data provided by your browser while you are on our Site and elsewhere (i.e., outside of the Site) where we may be acting as a third party. This data is collected in the aggregate but may include or be associated with other non-PII or PII that users have voluntarily submitted.
Log Files
The Site’s website logs information about a user’s IP address, browser type and the current URL the user is requesting. This information is always provided by a user’s browser and automatically logged by most websites. These log files are stored in a secure location and used in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our website.
Use of Your Information
Section Overview
Our primary goal in collecting, using, and sharing user information is to enhance your experience on the Site, support the Site, and improve its features, performance, and other elements. Your user information may be used for the purposes outlined below. We will not use your user information without a valid legal basis to do so.
To Target Content and Advertising
To develop and provide content and advertising to you that is targeted to your interests, we use the analytics collected by the systems described above to determine which areas of our website you prefer based upon the frequency of your visits and engagement with those areas. We may make reasonable assumptions based on your browser provided data to target relevant content and advertising to you on our site and elsewhere where we may be acting as a 3rd party. We may also make reasonable geographic and demographic assumptions based on your presented IP address to target relevant content and advertising.
To Provide Interactive Communications from the Site
To enhance your experience, we may provide you with interactive communications, such as notifications of activity by topic or contributor to the e-mail address that you provide to us. Such interactive communications are provided only to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive them as part of their user profile.
From time to time we may provide e-mails highlighting new features or promotions on the website to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to send such communications as part of their user profile.
To Provide Communications from Third Parties
We respect the privacy of our users and will not disclose or distribute our user list to any third party, nor will we permit anyone else to do so.
Sharing of Information
You may be requested to voluntarily provide certain user information during your use of the Site. If you choose to do so, that user information may be shared with Royal NY as well as business partners and vendors providing hosting and other services for Royal NY.
We use third parties to provide payment processing, e-mail service providers and hosting services on the Site. When you sign up for such services, we will share your user information only as necessary for the third party to provide that service. These third parties are prohibited from using your user information for any other purpose. With respect to payment and credit card processing, we do not collect, store, or process any payment or credit card information. If you do not want your information to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer of your information by not using that particular service.
Aggregate, Anonymous Information with Advertisers
Royal NY uses the aggregated, anonymous information that we gather (as well as information from third-party market researchers) to describe our services and to better understand our audience. We do not disclose personally identifying information about our users to these parties.
We partner with a third-party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out or modify your choices by clicking here (insert link), or if located in the European Union byÂ clicking here (insert link). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.
As Necessary to Provide Services to You
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service. In some instances, these companies may collect information directly from you. In these cases, you will be notified of the involvement of the external service provider. In all cases, these companies are subject to agreements that require them to maintain the confidentiality of your information and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
In the Event of Sale or Bankruptcy
The ownership of the Site may change at some point in the future. Should that occur, we want this site to be able to maintain a relationship with you. In the event of a sale, merger, public offering, bankruptcy or other change in control of Royal NY, your information may be shared with the person or business that owns or controls this site. Opting out of receiving information from third parties will not affect our right to transfer your information to a new owner, but your choices will continue to be respected regarding the use of your information. You will be notified as described below in “How will I know if the Privacy Statement is changed.”
As Required By Law
Royal NY may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law such as to comply with a subpoena or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on Royal NY or to protect and defend the rights or property of Royal NY.
Notice to EU Individuals: As outlined in this Privacy Statement, Royal NY will not process your user information without a lawful basis to do so, as such bases are defined in Article 6 of the GDPR. In general, Royal NY will process your user information on the legal bases of consent, contract (if you have entered into an agreement with us and such processing is a necessary part thereof), or legal obligation (as noted above). Royal NY may also process certain user information on the basis of the following legitimate interests, provided that such interests are not overridden by your privacy rights and interests: delivering and continuing to develop and improve the Site, learning from your behavior on the Site (e.g., analyzing traffic) to better serve you and other Site users, helping us modify or enhance the Site and its content, receiving insight as to what users do (and don’t) like about our Site or aspects thereof, and providing a stable, consistent, and secure user experience in connection with the Site.
Security
Section Overview
We care about the protection of your user information and use industry standard safeguards to do so. Of course, it’s important to keep in mind that no data transmission on the Internet is guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Your information is stored on Royal NY servers located in the United States. We use industry standard physical, electronic, and organizational safeguards to protect your user information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy. We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. If you are concerned that your privacy may have been breached, please contact us as provided below.
Privacy of Children
Section Overview
The Site is intended for people who are at least 16 years of age.
If you are less than 16 years old, please do not send any user information to us–including information such as your name, address, or e-mail address. We do not knowingly collect (nor do we wish to collect) any personally identifiable information or other user information from children under the age of 16. In the event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 16, we will delete that information from our database and terminate the corresponding account, if any. We encourage you to discuss the Site with your parent or guardian.
How to Contact Us
Section Overview
Please contact us if you have any questions or requests.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or how to remove or modify your user information or related consents, please feel free to contact us by e-mail at coffee@royalny.com or the mailing address below. Our mailing address is Royal NY, Privacy Team, 661 Hadley Road, South Plainfield, NJ 07080.
How Will I Know if the Privacy Statement Is Changed?
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Note on Translated Version(s): For your convenience, Royal NY may make translated versions of this Privacy Statement available on the Site. In the event that the terms of any such translated version conflict with the terms of the English version, the terms of the English version of this Privacy Statement will control in all instances.
Coffee
Offerings
Ordering
Sourcing
Fractional Bags
Tea
Offerings
Ordering
The Lab
Course Calendar
Certifications
Custom Education
RNY Blog
Company
About
Employees
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
661 Hadley Road
South Plainfield, NJ 07080
(888) ROYAL-NY
(908) 756-6400
Newsletter Signup
Signup for the Royal Newsletter to get the latest on our coffee, tea, and labs.
Email Address*
© 2020 Royal Coffee New York, Inc.