http://www.band-it-idex.com/en/about/quality-environmental-policy
Cookie Law Consent Text
BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. Cookie Notice
BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. uses cookies to collect information about the use of our web sites. We use different cookies to operate our website, analyze the use of the website, improve the performance of our website and display suitable advertisement that might be relevant to you.
Some of these cookies are provided by third parties. You can accept all cookies or reject all but the necessary cookies.
Further information can be found in our cookie notice
QUALITY & ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
About
Quality & Environmental Policy
History
News Room
Global Presence
Corporate Social Responsibility
Careers
QUALITY & ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
It is the policy of BAND-IT IDEX to operate management systems in accordance with BS EN ISO 9001 and BS EN ISO 14001, and IATF 16949 and to continually improve the effectiveness of our management systems, demonstrating, to our customers, employees and stakeholders the Company's commitment to Quality and the Environment.
BAND-IT IDEX’s Quality and Environmental Policy and Procedures Manual provide a framework for establishing and accomplishing our Quality and Environmental objectives and targets.
BAND-IT IDEX complies with the letter and spirit of all legal and legislative requirements or to any other requirements that the business subscribes which relate to its Quality or Environmental aspects.
BAND-IT IDEX is committed to an operating philosophy based on open and honest two way communication, integrity in serving our customers and stakeholders, fairness and concern for our employees and it responsibility   to the communities within which we operate. This Policy is implemented, maintained and communicated to all persons working for or on behalf of BAND-IT-IDEX and is available to the public via our web site
BAND-IT IDEX operates a continuous program of investment in its employees, production equipment and facilities.
BAND-IT IDEX recognizes our greatest asset is our employees and our recruitment and training policies ensure the continued success of the Business well into the future.
MISSION & VISION STATEMENT
BAND-IT IDEX’s mission is to be the global market leader in engineered fastening systems for harsh duty applications by delighting our customers with innovative solutions and best in class service while building an environment where our team members are invited to be their best every day.
Our company values are extremely important to us. They create the cultural context, in which we work, define how we each interact with our fellow employees and the attitudes we adopt towards our customers. Our company values are integral to our Group, supported by the group wide performance management system, which is based on career development, personal accountability and appraisal related reward management. We look to reward people at all levels that show qualities of leadership and the core values that are central to the ethos of the company.
TRUST
Make and Keep Our Commitments
Be Credible, Competent and Transparent with the Facts
Act With Courage Candor and Compassion
TEAM
Insist on Winning Together with Integrity
Embrace Diversity
Service Before Self
EXCELLENCE
Exercise Discipline and Focus
Make a Positive Impact
Build a Legacy of Greatness
Karin Overstreet
President