https://www.premierfragrances.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
Natural Cosmetic Ingredients
Bioactives
Floral Waxes
Butters
Exotic Plant Oils
Natural Exfoliants and Powders
Antimicrobials
Natural Essences
Strategic Partners
Atina – Brazil
Kupanda – South Africa
Fragrances
Flavors
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are submitting a Contact Us and/or Sample/Marketing Data Sheet Request form. Personal information collected by Premier Specialties, Inc. often is limited to name, phone number, fax number, geographic address, e-mail address, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested. When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, Premier Specialties, Inc. will not share that information with third parties without your permission.
Premier Specialties, Inc. also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, access times, and referring Web site addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of www.premierfragrances.com. Premier Specialties, Inc. also collects information about which pages our customers visit within the web site.
A notice will be posted on our Web site home page whenever this privacy statement is changed in a material way. We reserve the right to change our privacy protections and/or practices at our sole discretion and without advance notice.
Privacy Settings
We use cookies to enhance your experience while using our website. If you are using our Services via a browser you can restrict, block or remove cookies through your web browser settings. We also use content and scripts from third parties that may use tracking technologies. You can selectively provide your consent below to allow such third party embeds. For complete information about the cookies we use, data we collect and how we process them, please check our Privacy Policy
Youtube
Consent to display content from Youtube
Vimeo
Consent to display content from Vimeo
Google Maps
Consent to display content from Google
Save