http://www.wagamama.com/terms-and-conditions
terms and conditions
please see our terms + conditions below wagamama is a company registered in england and wales. wagamama group limited registered office is 5-7 marshalsea road, london, se1 1ep. our vat number is 681 4475 17.
our take-out terms and conditions
1. access to our website and our terms
we provide takeout.wagamama.com (the ‘website’) to communicate your orders (‘orders’) for food and drink (‘products’) for collection (the ‘service’) from one of our restaurants. you may be required to submit your personal details (‘information’) to use our ‘service’.
you can access some areas of the ‘website’ without placing an ‘order’ or registering your details with us. by accessing any part of our ‘website’, you’ve agreed to these terms. if you don’t accept these, you should leave our ‘website’ immediately. but you won’t be able to order any products through the ‘website’.
these terms can be reviewed by us at any time. our current terms for using our ‘website’ will always be available on our website. the terms that are in force at the time that you place an ‘order’ through us are binding.
you’re responsible for making arrangements to access our ‘website’. you also have responsibility for ensuring that anyone who accesses our ‘website’ through your internet connection are also aware of these ‘website’ terms and that they comply with them.
2. use of our ‘website’
you’re permitted to use our ‘website’ for your own personal and non-commercial use and not to misuse them. the copyright and other intellectual property rights published on our ‘website’ are owned by us. these works are protected by copyright laws and all rights are reserved. our ‘website’ may not be used, reproduced or stored in any other website or included in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service, without the express written permission of wagamama ltd. you assume full responsibility for any associated costs or charges that you incur as a result of using our ‘website’.
3. accessing the website
we make every effort to make sure that our ‘website’ is available 24 hours a day. we are not liable if our ‘website’ is unavailable at any time or for planned maintenance or other reasons. access may be suspended temporarily at any time and without prior notice.
4. your ‘information’
when you place an order on our ‘website’ you will be required to provide us with information personal to you, including your full name, your email address, your mobile phone number, your payment information and your billing address (your "information").
5. placing your ‘order’
you must be at least 18 years old to place an ‘order’ through our ‘website’ and have the intention of collecting the order within the agreed time limit.
you should check all of the ‘information’ that you enter when ordering is present and correct and correct any errors before submitting your ‘order’. we are unable to correct any orders once payment has been processed. to add additional items to your ‘order’, please create a new ‘order’. in case of error, please call the restaurant you placed the ‘order’ with, as they may be able to assist. you can only place an ‘order’ for collection on the same day, either for the next available collection time or for a time later in the same day. next day or further advanced orders are not accepted.
if your payment is not authorised, your order will not be sent through to the restaurant or fulfilled.
6. prices and payment
you will be charged as per the prices that are stated on our ‘website’ and these prices are inclusive of vat. in any instances where the price on the ‘website’ is an incorrect lower price, neither we nor the relevant restaurant is under any obligation to ensure that the ‘order’ is provided to you at the incorrect lower price or to compensate you in respect of incorrect pricing.
you must pay for your take-out collection order using an accepted credit or debit card through our ‘website’. the amount will be debited from your account in the timescales set by your card or account provider.
7. cancelling or amending your ‘order’
you may cancel or change your ‘order’ after it has been submitted and payment has been authorised but this is only permissible up to 45 minutes before your chosen collection time. this can be done by telephoning the restaurant directly. no refund will be permissible if the attempt to cancel is made with less than 45 minutes until your chosen collection time.
if you cancel or change your ‘order’, your original payment will still be processed. where you are eligible for a refund, you can obtain this by contacting our services contacting our customer services team via the website form at wagamama.com/contact-us. we will process refunds within seven working days.
if, due to unforeseen circumstances we are unable to fulfil your ‘orders’ or if one of our ‘products’ is no longer available, we will offer a substitute or refund the amount that you have paid. you may obtain a refund by contacting our customer services team via the website form at wagamama.com/contact-us.
8. collecting your take-out ‘order’
you should arrive at the restaurant at the time you selected to collect your order. please make yourself known to one of the restaurant team and tell them the name under which you’ve placed the ‘order’, and the order number. you might be asked to show the card used to pay for the ‘order’ to a member of our restaurant team as proof of your identity and so we can check that the card matches with the receipt data for your ‘order’. we will endeavour to have your ‘order’ ready for you to collect at your chosen collection time.
9. security
the internet is not a secure medium. however, we have put in place various security procedures as set out in this policy. all your card details are passed from your browser to worldpay uk limited using browser ssl encryption.[worldpay uk limited] use standard methods such as pgp, rsa and md5 encryption systems. your user admin area is protected by your user name and password, which you should never divulge to anyone else.
please be aware that communications over the internet, such as emails/webmails are not secure unless they have been encrypted. your communications may route through a number of countries before being delivered – this is the nature of the world wide web/internet. we cannot accept responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of personal information that is beyond our control.
we believe that we have appropriate policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control (having regard to the type and amount of that data) from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
all of our employees and data processors that have access to, and are associated with, the processing of your personal information are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ information.
we ensure that your information will not be disclosed to government institutions or authorities except if required by law or when requested to by regulatory bodies or law enforcement organisations.
10. disclaimers
we do our best to ensure that information on our ‘website’ is correct but we can’t promise it is accurate or complete. we may make changes to the material on the ‘website’ or to the ‘service’, ‘products’ and prices described on it, at any time without notice. the material on the ‘website’ may be out of date, and we make no commitment to update that material.
nothing in these ‘terms’ affects your statutory rights.
we do our best to ensure that our product names, descriptions, prices, nutritional information and allergy information are accurate. if you are in any doubt about the contents of any of our ’products’, you should confirm with the restaurant directly before you place your order.
11. termination of use
we may terminate or suspend your right to use or place orders from our ‘website’ by notifying you in writing (including by email) if we believe in our sole discretion that you have breached these ‘terms’.
12. your privacy
we’re committed to protecting your privacy and security. all ‘information’ that we collect from you will be processed in accordance with our privacy policy which is available to view on our website wagamama.com/privacy-policy. our privacy policy includes an explanation of our cookies policy.
our gift card terms and conditions
gift card is not valid until activated at time of purchase | gift cards can be topped up in restaurant or online | gift cards are redeemable for products and merchandise in wagamama restaurants in the united kingdom excluding northern ireland | this card is only redeemable for purchases made in restaurant | this card can be used for online take-out orders when paid for in restaurant | this card may not be exchanged for cash | no change will be given but the balance may be applied for future purposes | this gift card will expire 13 months since last use e.g. card activation, purchase, top up or refund | at expiry, any remaining balance will be lost | gift cards cannot be returned or refunded, except in accordance with your legal rights | please protect this card and treat it as cash | it cannot be replaced if lost, stolen or damaged | for customer enquiries email giftcards@wagamama.com