https://www.oakwoodcap.com/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
Oakwood Capital Management LLC recognizes and respects the privacy expectations of our clients. Our clients entrust us not only with their hard-earned assets, but also with their personal and financial data. We consider our clients’ data to be private and confidential, and we hold ourselves to the highest standards of trust and fiduciary duty in their safekeeping and use. We have not and will not sell your personal information to anyone.
We collect nonpublic personal information about our clients from the following sources:
Account Applications and other Forms, which may include a client’s name, address, telephone number, social security number, and information about a client’s investment goals and risk tolerance;
A Client’s Professional Advisors such as consultants, attorneys and accountants, who may provide financial, investment history and tax information about a client;
Account History, including information about the transactions we have ordered for you and balances in your account; and
Correspondence, written, electronic or telephonic between you and us or your broker or custodian and us.
We will not release information about you or your accounts to any third party unless one of the following conditions is met:
We receive your prior consent
We believe the recipient to be you or your authorized representative, including your attorney or accountant
The recipient is a broker, custodian or other service provider with whom we must share information in order to manage or service your account properly
We are permitted or required by law to release the information to the recipient
We will only use information about you and your accounts to:
Help us better serve your investment and financial needs,
Suggest services or other materials that may be of interest to you,
Fulfill our regulatory obligations, and
Administer our business.
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information in order to provide our services to you. We also maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard the privacy of your nonpublic personal information.
We will adhere to the policies and practices described in this notice whether you are a current or former client.
June 30, 2001
Helping You Transition Through All of Life's Phases
Growth Phase As you accumulate assets through your early- and mid-working years, we help you plan for needed expenditures, such as a new house or college tuition, while also addressing your estate and retirement planning.
Learn More
Transitional Phase We help you navigate transitional phases of your life, both expected or unexpected, such as inheritance, retirement, a liquidity event, divorce, business succession or career change.
Learn More
Maturity Phase We recognize that the distribution of your assets and a worry-free retirement are important, so we will help you leave the desired legacy to your family and charities.
Learn More
Home
Approach
Client Experience
Mission & Values
Oakwood Blog
Investment Management
Discovery Process
Investment Strategies
Planning
Retirement Income Planning
AcornDW
Library
Dimensional Fund Advisors Library
Video Library
Our People
Management
Business Development & Client Services
Investment Management
Operations and Administration
Contact
×