http://www.ozforex.com.au/en-au/legal/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
OFX uses cookies to create the most secure and effective website possible for our customers. Read our Privacy Policy.
Get up to €402 more when you transfer with OFX
We offer bank-beating rates, so you can keep more of your money.
Why not try us for your next transfer?
GET STARTED
What could you save using OFX vs. Bank?Transfer USD$20k to EUR and you could get up to EUR€402 more.
The comparison savings are based on a single transfer of USD$20,000 to EUR. Savings are calculated by comparing the exchange rate including margins and fees provided by each bank and OFX on the same day (16 November 2020). Pricing data is provided by an independent third party, FXC Intelligence Ltd. The comparison savings provided is true only for the example given and may not include all fees and charges. Different currency exchange amounts, currency types, dates, times and other individual factors will result in different comparison savings. These results therefore may not be indicative of actual savings and should be used only as a guide. The rate comparison chart is updated monthly.
Regulated
We're regulated by United States Department of the Treasury Financial Crimes Enforcement Network.
Global support team
Our experienced support staff are in our global offices in Australia, USA, UK, Canada, New Zealand, Hong Kong and Singapore.
Great rates
We've got better rates and fees than the banks, and have securely transferred over $100 billion worldwide since 1998.
Register Now
Money Transfer
What our customers say
Trustpilot
Get an OFXpert working for you
Our OFXperts can help you make more informed decisions and move your money simply and securely 24/7. Find out more.
See How
Moving money for business?
Register in less than 5 minutes.
GET STARTED
1. Sign up & lock-in your transfer
Simply tell us how much you’re transferring, which currency and who to send it to.
2. Send us your funds
We accept wire transfers from your bank account or you can apply to set up an ACH direct debit.No cash, credit card, checks or bank drafts.
3. We deliver to your recipient
Transfers to most countries take1-2 business days. Track your transfer online or with our mobile app.
As seen in
Popular CurrenciesCheck the latest exchange rates and transfer money to these currencies and more
INR - Indian Rupee
CAD - Canadian Dollar
CNY - Chinese Yuan
GBP - Pound Sterling
EUR - The Euro
AUD - Australian Dollar
PHP - Philippines Peso
JPY - Japanese Yen
MXN - Mexican Peso
Global offices
49 Stevenson St13th FloorSan FranciscoCA, 94105USA
San Francisco
Level 1960 Margaret StSydney NSW 2000Australia
Sydney
4th Floor,The White Chapel Building,10 Whitechapel High St, London, United Kingdom,E1 8QS
London
Suite 1002145 King St WestToronto, ONM5H 1J8Canada
Toronto
29F, Bonham Circus40-44 Bonham Strand,Sheung Wan,Hong Kong
Hong Kong
6A Shenton Way#04-02 to #04-08OUE Downtown GallerySingapore 068815
Singapore
Change Location:
AU
US
UK
CA
NZ
SG
HK
2020. USForex Inc. dba OFX or its affiliates. All rights reserved. OFX is the registered trade name of USForex Inc., a licensed money transmitter. NMLS #1021624.
OFX