http://www.zepole.com/terms.asp
phone: 630-783-1239
506 E. North Frontage Rd. Bolingbrook, IL 60440
Go!
Call for Pricing on Our Huge Selection of Products!
RestaurantEquipment
Carts, Dollies
Griddles, CharBroilers, Broilers
Grills, Ovens, Induction, Convection
Braising Pans, Tilt Skillets
Connectors, Gas, Steam, Water
Convection, FlashBake, Deck Ovens
Convection Ovens
Deck Ovens
Conveyor Oven
Electric Conveyor Ovens
Gas Conveyor Ovens
Fryers
Electric Fryers
Gas Fryers
Fryer Baskets
Outdoor Cooking
Outdoor Fryers
Outdoor Griddles
Outdoor Grills
Ranges
Electric Ranges
Gas Ranges
Steamers, Pressure Cookers
Refrigeration& Ice Machines
Back Bar, Bottle Coolers
Display Merchandisers, Refrigerated
Glass Chillers, Frosters
Glass Fillers, Water Units
Ice Machines
Ice Makers
Ice Storage
Undercounter Ice Makers
Undercounter, NUGGET/PEARL Ice Makers
Descaling
Pizza Prep.
Reach In Freezers
Reach In Refrigerators
Refrigerated Chef Bases and Stands
Salad, Sandwich Units
Strip Curtains, Doors
Undercounter, Worktop Refrigeration
UnderCounter
Work Top
Water Filters, Filtration
FoodPrep
Food Processors
Can, Keg Racks
Slicers, Manual & Automatic
Mixers
Food Mixers
Immersion Mixers
Food Grinders, Choppers, Peelers, etc.
Food Prep Attachments, Mixer Accessories
Food Prep, Manual
Dicers, Wedgers, Corers
Fry Cutters
Tomato Slicers
KitchenSmallwares
Can Openers
Cast Iron Cookware
Cutlery
Cutting Boards, Butcher Blocks
Dispensers, Kitchen
Food Safety
Fry Pans, Covers
Gloves, Mitts (NOT disposable)
Grates, Drain, Icing
Ingredient Bins
Mixing Bowls
Pie, Cake, Baking, Prep
Baking Accessories
Cake Pans
Pastry Bags
Pizza Supplies
Pizza Pans & Screens
Pizza Peel
Pizza Tools & Accessories
Sauce Pans, Covers
Scales
Dial
Digital
Receiving
Serving Utensils
Dishers & Scoops
Ladles
Misc. Serving Utensils
Spatulas & Turners
Spoons, Forks
Tongs
Sharpeners
Spoons
Steamtable Pans, Insets, Covers
Stock Pots, Sauce Pots, Covers
Storage Containers, Kitchen
Strainers, Colanders
Thermometers,Timers, Instruments
Tongs
Tote, Bus, Dish Boxes
Whips, Whisks
Woks, Chinese Utensils
Disposables& Containers
Eco-Friendly Disposables
Eco-Friendly Carry-Out Containers
Eco-Friendly Cold Cups
Eco-Friendly Hot Cups
Eco-Friendly Cutlery
Eco-Friendly Food, Deli, and Portion Containers
Eco-Friendly Napkins, Towels, and Tissue
Eco-Friendly Plates and Bowls
Eco-Friendly Straws
Carry-Out Containers
Eco-Friendly Containers
Foam Containers
Plastic Containers
Cold Cups and Lids
Foam Cold Cups
Plastic Cold Cups
Cutlery
Food, Deli, and Portion Containers
Eco-Friendly
Foam
Plastic
Hot Cups and Lids
Eco-Friendly Hot Cups
Foam Hot Cups
Misc Paper, Disposables
Napkins, Towels, and Tissue
Napkins
Tissue
Towels
Plates and Bowls
Eco-Friendly Bowls
Foam Plates & Bowls
Plastic Plates & Bowls
Furniture
Bar Stools
Chairs
Patio Heaters
Tables, Table Tops, Bases
Umbrellas
Janitorial& Cleaning
Cleaning Supplies
Floor Care - Mop, Sweep, Etc.
Miscellaneous Janitorial
Restroom Supplies
Water Filtration
Fountain Beverages
Ice Makers - Cube
Replacement Filter Cartridges
AboutUs
Our Story
Our Work
Testimonials
Zepole in the News
ShopMore!
Going Green
Eco-Friendly Carry-Out Containers
Eco-Friendly Chemicals and Cleaners
Eco-Friendly Cold Cups
Eco-Friendly Hot Cups
Eco-Friendly Cutlery
Eco-Friendly Food, Deli, and Portion Containers
Eco-Friendly Napkins, Towels, and Tissue
Eco-Friendly Plates and Bowls
Eco-Friendly Straws
Amenities
Lodging and Hospitality
Bar
Bar Supplies
Blenders, Mixers
Misc Bar Equipment
Portable Bars
Shoes
Bakery Equipment
Proofer, Proofing Cabinets
Concession
Air Doors
Beverage Dispensers, Hot and Cold
Charbroilers, Griddles, Hot Plates
Coffee, Tea Brewers, Grinders, Etc.
Concession, Hot Dog, Popcorn etc.
Countertop Fryers
Dispensers, Counter, Other
Food Processors, Blenders
Food Warmers, Cookers
Grills, Ovens, Induction
Heat Lamps, Heat Strips
Heated Display, Countertop
Juicers
Microwaves
Misc Counter Concession
Panini Grills, Sandwich Press
Pizza Ovens, Countertop
Rice Cookers
Steamers, Countertop
Toasters
Warming Drawers
Dining Room, Display, Service
Baskets, Serving
Beverage Dispensers, Urns
Buffet Stoves
Buffetware
Carts, Dining Room
Chafers, Chafing
Coffee, Tea Service
Display, Dining Room
Misc Dining Room
Pitchers, Carafes, Decanters
Plate, Bowl Covers
Salad, Food Bar Supplies
Trays, Platters, Tray Stands
Youth Seating
Serving & Display
Carving Stations
Glass Fillers
Hot Food Serving, Display
Misc Serving Display
Salad, Food, Buffet Bars
Steam Tables
Tabletop
Bake and Serve
Candles, Lamps, Fuel
China, Porcelain, Glass Plateware
Dispensers, Tabletop
Drinkware, Plastic Beverageware
Flatware, Stainless
Glassware, Beverageware
Glassware, Other
Misc Tabletop
Salt, Pepper Shakers, Mills
Thermo Plates, Platters
Transport & Storage
Cabinets, Heated
Cabinets, Holding
Cabinets, Other
Equipment Stands
Insulated Carriers
Misc Transport, Holding, Storage
Pan, Tray Racks, Covers
Proofers
Retherm Systems
Shelving, Security Units, Carts
Work Tables, Make Up Tables
Dunnage Racks
Miscellaneous
Warewashing
Dish Racks, Dollies
Disposals, Disposers, Waste Drains
Faucets, Assemblies
Flatware Washing, Storage
Glass Washers, Racks etc.
Pre Rinse, Spray Units
Sinks, Dishtables
Warewashers, General
RestaurantEquipment
Refrigeration& Ice Machines
FoodPrep
KitchenSmallwares
Disposables& Containers
Furniture
Janitorial& Cleaning
AboutUs
ShopMore!
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Zepole Restaurant Supply Co.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Zepole Restaurant Supply Co.. Copyright 2013, Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. or purchasing Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. or to purchase Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Zepole Restaurant Supply Co.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Zepole Restaurant Supply Co.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityZepole Restaurant Supply Co. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeZepole Restaurant Supply Co. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Zepole Restaurant Supply Co..MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Zepole Restaurant Supply Co.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerZepole Restaurant Supply Co. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Zepole Restaurant Supply Co., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Zepole Restaurant Supply Co., Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Zepole Restaurant Supply Co.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Zepole Restaurant Supply Co. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).