http://www.analysts.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyIntroduction Analysts is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Accordingly, we have developed this Privacy Notice for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose, and make use of personal data through our website.The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Analysts and its affiliates (the “Company”).The term “Site” refers to www.Analysts.com.The terms “user,” “you,” and “your” refers to Site visitors, candidates and any other users of the Site.Use of the Site, including all information presented herein and all online services provided by the Company, is subject to this Privacy Notice.Who are we?Analysts is a technology consulting firm that provides Digital, Cloud, Analytics, AI and Business Services to companies of all sizes around the world. Analysts offers recruitment services for contract or temporary workers.Who does this Privacy Notice protect?This Privacy Notice applies to all Site visitors, candidates, and all other users of the Site. By using the Site or any of it services, you agree to this Privacy Notice, without modification, and acknowledge reading it.What information do we collect?When you use or register with the Site, some of the data that we collect and receive from you is personal data, which means that it is information that could personally identify you (“Personal Data”).The categories of Personal Data we may request include your name and contact information (email address, address, and telephone number). Depending on the nature of your inquiry or activities on the Site, we may also ask for your job search criteria and preferences, your employment experience, educational history, your skills in various areas, reference information, background information, and other information contained in your resume, and any login ID and password created by you. It is also possible to upload your resume/CV, cover letters, and any other attachments you may wish us to consider. The Site also utilizes functional cookies to track your online activities, including, but not limited to, registration, submissions, information requests and for analytic purposes.The Company currently does not recognize and respond to Do Not Track Signals. If we do so in the future, we will revise this Privacy Notice to describe how this is doneWhy do we process your Personal Data?We use your Personal Data for our business and activities, and in our efforts to expand and improve our business.Generally, we use Personal Data and other data collected through the Site to register you with the Site, to provide you with information regarding employment opportunities and career-related information, and to otherwise provide you with requested information or services.We may also from time to time use your Personal Data to send you automated email messages regarding our services, including employment information. You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Data for marketing purposes and can opt out of receiving such email messages by sending an email with this request to optout@acsicorp.com from each e-mail account that you would like to opt-out from.With whom do we share your Personal Data?The Company may disclose Personal Data to third parties. The disclosure to third parties would occur in the following circumstances:We will disclose information to our clients when necessary and appropriate in connection with the provision of staffing and recruitment services.We may disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform business functions and services on our behalf.We may disclose information to the extent necessary or appropriate to government agencies, advisors, and other third parties in order to comply with applicable laws, the service of legal process, or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law requiring such disclosure; (b) protect the rights or property of the Company; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security’ or (d) protect the personal safety of the users or the public.What rights do you have?We respect your right to review and request changes to your Personal Data. The amount of Personal Data you are required to provide when requesting our services is consistent with the Company’s interests in providing our services to you. The Company complies with applicable data protection laws and regulations.We process Personal Data about you for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, including but not limited to providing recruitment, placement, employment or outsourcing services; operating our business; complying with our legal and contractual obligations; and fulfilling other legitimate interests of the Company.Changes to this Privacy NoticeWe reserve the right to update this Privacy Notice periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices and legal updates. Any changes we may make to our Privacy Notice in the future will be posted on this page and are immediately binding without any requirement for notice.How to contact us?If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, or if you would like to exercise your rights, please send an email to dataprivacy@acsicorp.com.
or write to:Privacy Officer
Analysts, 2400 Meadowbrook Parkway
Duluth, GA 30096Joseph NordlingerPresidentJoseph Nordlinger is the President of the Analysts which includes Central, Mountain and Pacific Time Zones. He provides organizational leadership to the sales and delivery functions of Analysts with a focus on aligning the service architecture of Ascent and Analysts to ensure our clients benefit from the combined strengths of both companies under the Analysts name.With almost 20 years in the talent services industry, he brings operational leadership in the areas of technology, life sciences, payroll services/IC compliance, contingent workforce management, project and portfolio management and data management. Joseph led the Ascent Services Group as the President and CEO since 2006. With the acquisition Joseph recently joined ACS. He led his company with a firm belief in the power of human networks to achieve incredible results. In this spirit, he continues to develop exceptionally talented and committed leaders in order to deliver unique and innovative human services solutions for our clients. Joseph’s previous experience includes work for Cap Gemini Ernst and Young.Joseph founded and leads two of the fastest growing professional associations for PMO and Contingent Workforce leaders (Project Portfolio Management Professionals and Contingent Workforce Professionals) with nearly 15,000 combined members. Joseph is an alumnus of Thunderbird School of Global Management, as a candidate for a Master of Business Administration in 2000. He also has a Bachelor of Arts in International Political Economics from the University of California, San Diego. Joseph is an active duty Volunteer Firefighter in Napa CA and is the President of the Mt Veeder Fire Safe Council and Vice President of Napa Firewise. X Ruby PanditGroup Vice PresidentAs Group Vice President for Analysts, Ruby is responsible for leading and growing talent services, professional, and managed IT Services across National Strategic Clients. She is responsible for strategic client identification, development, overall sales, delivery and consultant care within strategic accounts.As a professional with more than 25 years of experience in IT consulting, Ruby started her career with American Cybersystems Inc. in 2001. Beginning as a Sales Executive, she moved up the value chain by assuming various roles and responsibilities in sales, strategic initiatives, and recruiting. At ACS, she has led several of the high growth accounts within telecom, financial services, and life sciences verticals. Prior to ACS, she worked for India’s leading system integrators, HCL and NIIT, selling IT hardware and software solutions to clients. Additionally, she has an excellent track record of building and leading diverse national sales teams.Ruby has a BS in Chemistry and a MBA from Goizueta Business School of Emory University. She is a member of the Executive women of Goizueta in Business Development and Strategy. She is an avid reader of business journals and participates in events related to technology and diversity. X Paul CmielGroup Vice PresidentPaul Cmiel is a Group Vice President at Analysts and leads a team of sales directors located throughout the United States. He works closely with delivery professionals to ensure project success for our clients. The sales team is responsible for collaborating with clients to create customized, innovative solutions that focus on solving business challenges and delivering the highest quality outcomes.Prior to joining Analysts in 2012, Paul was the Senior Director of a Global Healthcare Sales and Marketing organization within the IT consulting industry. In this role, he was responsible for working with sales and marketing teams to promote and drive new business in the healthcare market on both a national and global level.Paul has more than 21 years of experience developing and marketing business and technical solutions. He is highly skilled in delivering solutions tied to client strategic initiatives and resulting in strong ROI. Paul holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration and Marketing from the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse. X Jeff HoekstraGroup Vice PresidentJeff Hoekstra is responsible for the development and delivery of the company’s differentiated business offerings, with a focus on Digital Transformation solutions.Jeff is a business development executive with more than 20 years of experience in business entrepreneurship, IT consulting, and software products and services development. Before joining the Analysts team in 2012, Jeff held a variety of Senior Account Executive positions where he identified, developed, and managed strategic relationships and provided direction and support to CIOs and senior IT executives. Jeff was also the founder and managing partner of several consulting firms, where he focused on business strategy development, market analysis, go-to-market strategy, and rapid application software development resources for small businesses and start-up organizations.Jeff is a highly motivated strategic leader and results-driven professional with a broad business history in both domestic and global business-to-business environments. Jeff holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of St. Thomas, with post-graduate work at Ohio University. X Tim AtkinsonGroup Vice PresidentTim Atkinson is responsible for the development and management of Analysts’ business and technology consulting and staffing services. He oversees client relations and market development, service delivery, H/R, recruiting, and business operations.Tim has more than 30 years of experience in management and technology consulting, selling to and consulting across industry and business functions. Prior to joining Analysts (ACS Solutions), Tim was a Regional Vice President who delivered technology-enabled business results to commercial and public sector clients across the Mid-Atlantic area.Tim has worked with some of the largest consulting firms in the world. He has a solid track record of well-managed growth, implementing innovative client solutions and market offerings, and building and developing high-performing teams.Tim holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics and an MBA, both from the University of South Carolina. He is a former board member of the Greater Washington Board of Trade and the Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce. He is a member of the Northern Virginia Technology Council, the North American Telecommunications Association, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. X Michelle MillerGroup Vice PresidentAs Group Vice President for Analysts, Michelle is responsible for strategic client development and operational delivery management of Analysts Life Sciences division. Her role includes defining service solutions for clients within the domains of: Clinical, Regulatory, Bio-Informatics, Quality, Manufacturing, and Pharmacovigilance.  Michelle leads the identification and implementation of strategic sales initiatives and the optimization of the Life Sciences recruiting and delivery model.Michelle has over 27 years of industry experience in leadership roles around Technology, Engineering, Life Sciences and Workforce Management.  She joined Ascent in 2006 and as a key member of the executive team, contributed to the rapid growth and success as it became an award-winning and nationally recognized human services firm in the top 1% of the industry.  Prior to her tenure with Ascent, Michelle led key verticals for Management Alliance Group.  During her 16 years with Management Alliance Group, she built and directed sales teams, recruiting teams and multiple branch offices that delivered staffing and direct hire search services to small, medium and Fortune 500 companies.Michelle holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration & Marketing from the University of South Florida.  Michelle is a member of the Denver area Women in Technology group in addition to membership with the Regulatory Affairs Society, Society Clinical Data Management, Association of Clinical Research Professionals, Society of Clinical Trials, American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists and International Society of Pharmacovigilance, LS Professional Associations.  Her industry knowledge and interests span across all areas of talent delivery including consulting, sales, recruiting, staff management and augmentation, program management and executive search. X Analysts use cookies to improve the functionality, performance, and effectiveness of our communications. For more information on our data policies, please visit our privacy policy. By continuing to use this site, or by clicking "I agree," you consent to the use of cookies. Privacy Preferences. I Agree
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Changes