http://www.banksanjuans.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip Navigation Download Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view PDF files.Terms & Conditions
Web Site General Terms, Conditions and Disclaimers.
Important Notice
Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing and using Bank of the San Juans' SM website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions below, do not access this website. References to Bank of the San Juans include Glacier Bancorp, Inc. and all of its affiliated banks, including Bank of the San Juans SM of Whitefish.
No Warranties.
All express and implied warranties are expressly excluded and disclaimed. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, Bank of the San Juans disclaims any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. The information and materials contained as part of this site are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Bank of the San Juans does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of this information and materials, and it expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in this information and materials.
Limitation Of Liability.
In no event shall Bank of the San Juans be liable for any damages (including without limitation any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages,) losses or expenses arising in connection with the website, the use of the website, or the inability of anyone to use the website. Bank of the San Juans shall also not be liable for any damages, losses or expenses that arise in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, or computer or system failure. Bank of the San Juans shall not be liable for such damages, losses or expenses even though it or its representatives are advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses.
Hyperlinks.
Hyperlinks to other Internet resources are to be used by you at your own risk. When you leave Bank of the San Juans' website to use the services of, or complete transactions with an independent third party service provider, your use of the their site and service will be governed by the terms of use of the provider of the linked website. Bank of the San Juans is not responsible for the product, service or overall website content available at a third party site. The content, accuracy, opinions expressed and other links provided by these resources may not be investigated, verified, monitored by Bank of the San Juans and such links are not endorsed by Bank of the San Juans unless otherwise specifically stated. You are advised that Bank of the San Juans' Privacy Policy does not apply to linked websites and you should consult the privacy disclosure on that site for further information.
Products And Services.
This website, and the products and services that are described or offered through the website, can be amended in whole or in part or terminated at any time. Users of the website shall have no right to expect the continuation of any part of the website nor any products and services that are described or offered through the website. Some products and services may not be available in all geographic areas. Your eligibility for particular products and services is subject to final determination and acceptance by Bank of the San Juans.
Submissions.
All information submitted by you via this website may be used by Bank of the San Juans in any manner that complies with the applicable laws and regulations, and, the policies of Bank of the San Juans.
Copyright.
Bank of the San Juans or a third party vendor may own the copyright to the pages and the screens displaying the pages that appear on this website.
Trademarks And Servicemarks.
Bank of the San Juans SM is a Service Mark of Glacier Bancorp.
No Waiver.
No waiver of any of the foregoing terms and conditions shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized officer of Bank of the San Juans and no waiver shall deemed to imply or constitute a continuing waiver or a waiver of any other term or condition.
Governing Law.
These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of the State of Montana.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Our web site is structured to avoid attracting visits by children. It is our policy not to collect or maintain personally identifiable information from those who we know are children.