http://www.alligator.com/privacy/
My Account  |   View Cart (0)
Alligator Records Privacy/Use Statement
Acceptance of these Terms and Conditions
By using alligator.com, you agree to the terms and conditions outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of these terms at any time, whenever we want. If you continue to use the site after we have posted changes to the terms, it means you have accepted those terms. If you need to contact us, please e-mail us at information@alligator.com.
Privacy Policy
We know that safeguarding your privacy is serious business. Please take a minute to read the following policy so that you understand how we treat your personal information. As we update and expand our services, this policy might change, so please check it out periodically. If you have questions about our privacy policy, please e-mail us at information@alligator.com.
Alligator Records has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.alligator.com.
Site Statistics
In general, alligator.com automatically gathers certain usage information like the numbers and frequency of visitors to alligator.com and its areas, very much like television ratings that tell the networks how many people tuned in to a program. We only use such data in the aggregate. This collective data helps us determine how much our customers use parts of the site, so we can improve our site to assure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many of you as possible. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that while we will know how many times a page gets visited, the individual user will be anonymous.
We do not use or disclose information about your individual visits to alligator.com or information that you may give us, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number, to any outside companies. All mailing info is for inhouse promotional use only. You can elect not to receive such promotional or informational mailings by "opting out" as described below. We may share with our Web site partners aggregated statistical "ratings" information about the use of alligator.com.
Cookies
alligator.com uses a technology nicknamed "cookies" that provides different features on the site. This includes when you enter a contest, and order mechandise from the online store. The cookie keeps track of your order information or remembers your browser identity. It tells us how and when pages in alligator.com are visited, and by how many people. alligator.com cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personally identifiable information to tell us who you are or even what your screen name or e-mail address is.
Order Catalog Form
The alligator.com Order Catalog form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user the current Alligator Mail Order Catalog. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Links
alligator.com may contain hyperlinks to Web sites operated by parties other than Alligator Records. Such hyperlinks are provided for reference and convenience only. We do not control such Web sites, and are not responsible for their contents. Just because we have hyperlinks to such Web sites does not mean Alligator Records endorses any of the material on such Web sites or have any association with their operators.
Online Order Forms
alligator.com uses order forms for customers to order merchandise. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to fulfill the orders. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. The Credit Card information is not stored on the alligator.com website.
Online Survey
Our online surveys ask visitors for demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). Demographic and profile data is also collected at alligator.com through special surveys. This information may be shared with partners on an aggregate basis.
Contests, Sweepstakes
If we run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). Demographic and profile data may also be collected at our site. This information may be shared with partners on an aggregate basis.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. The site utilizes SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption with a Verisign Secure Site Certificate. This https connection is utilized whenever online store order information is transferred.
Users under 13
If you are under 13 you should always ask your parents for permission before sending any personal information to us or to anyone else. We will not use information about users under 13 in any individual profiles. As with all of our users, we do not rent nor sell personal information about users under 13 with third parties. In addition, we will not send any e-mail notices about products or promotions to users under 13 without first obtaining their parents' permission.
Copyright Rules
Everything you see or read on alligator.com is owned by Alligator Records or used with permission. You may not copy, use, or retransmit anything from alligator.com without our express written permission. Furthermore, you are not allowed to post or distribute any material you do not own or which you do not have permission to use. Violation of this policy may result in copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights violation and subject you to civil or criminal penalties.
Anytime, with the exception of private e-mail, you upload to, distribute content, or publish through us, you grant Alligator Records the right to edit, copy, remove, distribute, create derivative works from and publish such content in any form and medium, whether electronically or in hard copy and whether alone or as part of a collective work. You shall retain, however, whatever other rights you have in pre-owned elements of such content. All areas on alligator.com are public and not private communications. Message boards, chats, postings, conferences, and other communications by users are not endorsed by Alligator Records and such communications shall not be considered reviewed, screened or approved by Alligator Records. We reserve the right for any reason to remove without notice any contents of alligator.com received from a user, including without limitation message board postings.
Rights to Edit or Delete Content
Alligator Records can, whenever we want, edit or delete any content displayed, uploaded to, distributed, or otherwise published through the alligator.com.
You are entirely responsible and liable for all of your activities on the alligator.com website. Listed below are some, but not all, violations that may result in termination of your access to alligator.com, in particular the message boards. By using alligator.com, you agree not to do any of the following:
1. Post, transmit, promote, or distribute content that is illegal.
2. Harass, threaten, embarrass, or do anything else to another member that is unwanted. This means: do not say bad things about them, don't keep sending them unwanted messages, don't attack their race, heritage, etc.
3. Transmit or facilitate distribution of content that is libelous, harmful, threatening, harassing, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, vulgar, sexually explicit, obscene, defamatory, or objectionable in a reasonable person's view.
4. Disrupt the flow of message board areas with vulgar language, abusiveness, or other conduct that may disrupt normal activities.
5. Pretend to be anyone whom you are not. You may not impersonate another member, a alligator.com staff member, or anyone else.
6. Attempt to get a password, other account information, or other private information from a member, or harvest e-mail addresses or other information.
7. Post any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or any other forms of solicitation. We reserve the right to remove content at any time, including any content that violates these standards. We are not responsible for any objectionable material you may encounter while using alligator.com.
Liability and Warranty
Alligator Records, 305 Spin and anyone who helped us to create, produce, deliver, or maintain the site are not liable for any damages that may result from your use of the site. This includes direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages and attorneys' fees arising from your access to, or use of, the site, including but not limited to challenges or actions for infringement, libel, and slander. Therefore, your use of this site is at your risk only. Further, everything on the site is provided to you "as is," without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, unless such warranties are legally incapable of exclusion. Upon our request, you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from all liabilities, claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, that arise from any breach of these terms of service for which you are responsible, or from the use of this service or the transmission of any content through this service. In other words, if you do something that, according to these terms, warrants your termination from the service or expulsion from the site, you must accept full responsibility for anything that happens afterwards.
Choice/Opt-Out
alligator.com provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
alligator.com gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to gatormail@aol.com
You can visit the following URL: http://www.alligator.com/index.cfm?section=subscribe
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Alligator Records
P.O. Box 60234
Chicago, IL 60660
You can call the following telephone number: 1-800-344-5609
Correct/Update
alligator.com gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
email gatormail@aol.com
send mail to the following postal address:
Alligator Records
P.O. Box 60234
Chicago, IL 60660
You can call the following telephone number: 1-800-344-5609
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Website, you can contact:
Alligator Records
P.O. Box 60234
Chicago, IL 60660
Phone 1-800-344-5609
Phone (773) 973-7736
Fax (773) 973-2088
information@alligator.com
POP OUT
previous
play
next
mute
Artist
Song
Remove Song Clear Playlist
Sorry your browser doesnt support the player
Still listening?Click here to continue.
The Alligator Player is currently runningin a pop-up window.Click Here to Return
CURTIS SALGADO DEBUTS VIDEO FOR "THE LONGER THAT I LIVE"
Read More
Visionary Bluesman Selwyn Birchwood To Release LIVING IN A BURNING HOUSE On Jan 29, 2021
Read More
2020 RELEASES FROM SHEMEKIA COPELAND AND ELVIN BISHOP & CHARLIE MUSSELWHITE TOP MOJO MAGAZINE'S BEST BLUES ALBUMS OF THE YEAR LIST
Read More
Guitar Player Premieres First-Ever KINGFISH Holiday Song Today, Nov. 12
Read More
Christone "Kingfish" Ingram Appears on PBS NEWSHOUR On Wednesday, Nov. 11
Read More
Chris Cain
Sacramento, CA
01/02/2021
Elvin Bishop
Madison, WI
01/08/2021
Medina, MN
01/09/2021
Marcia Ball
Clifton, TX
01/09/2021
Selwyn Birchwood
St. Petersburg, FL
12/13/2020
Basel, SWITZERLAND
12/18/2020
The Kentucky Headhunters
Durant, OK
12/12/2020
Tommy Castro
Agoura Hills, CA
01/08/2021
San Juan Capistrano, CA
01/09/2021
Solana Beach, CA
01/10/2021
Click to sign up for our newsletter!
Contact  |  Links  |  Questions  |
Quick Find:
Select An Artist
Various Artists/Anthologies
Gaye Adegbalola
Luther Allison
Billy Boy Arnold
Marcia Ball
Lindsay Beaver
Carey Bell
Big Twist
Selwyn Birchwood
Elvin Bishop & Charlie Musselwhite
Elvin Bishop
Billy Branch
Big Leon Brooks
Lonnie Brooks
Andrew Brown
Charles Brown
Clarence 'Gatemouth' Brown
Nappy Brown
Roy Buchanan
Buckwheat Zydeco
Michael Burks
Henry Butler
Chris Cain
Toronzo Cannon
The Cash Box Kings
Tommy Castro
Cephas & Wiggins
C.J. Chenier
Clifton Chenier
W.C. Clark
William Clarke
Eddy Clearwater
Michael Coleman
Albert Collins
Johnny Copeland
Shemekia Copeland
James Cotton
Robert Cray
Jesse Dee
Detroit Junior
Floyd Dixon
Willie Dixon
Tinsley Ellis
Queen Sylvia Embry
Rick Estrin & The Nightcats
Lacy Gibson
JJ Grey & Mofro
Guitar Shorty
Buddy Guy
Alan Hager
Corey Harris
Johnny Heartsman
Michael Hill's Blues Mob
Dave Hole
The Holmes Brothers
Big Walter Horton
Long John Hunter
Christone "Kingfish" Ingram
John Jackson
Jimmy Johnson
Johnnie Johnson
Luther "Guitar Junior" Johnson
Johnny Jones
Bruce Katz
The Kentucky Headhunters
The Kinsey Report
Smokin' Joe Kubek & Bnois King
Lovie Lee
Left Hand Frank
Lazy Lester
Lil' Ed & The Blues Imperials
Eric Lindell
Little Charlie & The Nightcats
Professor Longhair
Lonnie Mack
Magic Slim
Janiva Magness
Bob Margolin
Delbert McClinton
The Mellow Fellows
Coco Montoya
Moreland & Arbuckle
Nick Moss Band featuring Dennis Gruenling
Charlie Musselwhite
Kenny Neal
Raful Neal
Anders Osborne
Johnny Otis
The Paladins
Dion Payton
Pinetop Perkins
Lucky Peterson
Professor's Blues Review
Ann Rabson
AC Reed
Fenton Robinson
Giles Robson
Lee Rocker
Roomful of Blues
Otis Rush
Saffire--The Uppity Blues Women
Curtis Salgado
Scotty and the Rib Tips
Son Seals
Eddie Shaw
Corky Siegel's Chamber Blues
Siegel-Schwall Band
Jarekus Singleton
Little Smokey Smothers
Mavis Staples
Sugar Blue
Hound Dog Taylor
Koko Taylor
Melvin Taylor
Sonny Terry
Rufus Thomas
Maurice John Vaughn
Joe Louis Walker
Joe Louis Walker|Bruce Katz|Giles Robson
Johnny 'Big Moose' Walker
Phillip Walker
John Watkins
Noble "Thin Man" Watts
Katie Webster
Valerie Wellington
Junior Wells
Sonny Boy Williamson
Johnny Winter
Rusty Zinn
Bio Store
Demo Submissions & Booking Information
© 2020 Alligator Records All Rights Reserved  |  Privacy Statement
A 305 Spin website
Test