https://www.hydrologicalsolutions.com/privacy-policy/
We Provide ReliableWater ControlThe Aqua-Barrier® cofferdam is your vital dewatering solution for an array of construction applications, including pipelines, bridge repairs, boat ramps, and more.
Learn More
ConstructionFloodingThe UltimateFlood SolutionWith our inflatable water barrier, you can protect your property against the destruction caused by heavy rainfall and strong winds.
Learn More
ConstructionFlooding
About HSI Services Inc.
Originally named Hydrological Solutions, HSI Services, Inc is a fast-growing water management company based in Waller, TX.
Together with our over 20 years of experience and new warehouse, our team has made it our goal to provide superior customer service. We’re committed to providing a number of dewatering and flood protection services for your applications. Whether you’re located in the United States or across the globe, we’re prepared to assist you with the highest quality available.
Learn More
Accessories
The Aqua-Barrier is engineered with an unique internal baffle system that securely locks into place when exposed to surface friction.
Learn More
Engineering
Discover how the unique internal baffle system within the Aqua-Barrier has been designed to securely lock in place.
Learn More
Product Specification
Determine the specific requirements of the Aqua-Barrier to ensure that your application will be successful.
Learn More
Upcoming Events
Mar 30th, 2021
until 31 st Mar 2021
Expo at National Hurricane Conference
Location: New Orleans
View Event Info
Latest Blog Posts
The Importance of Dewatering Your Construction Site
by HSI Team | Dec 4th, 2020Many builders who have worked in waterlogged areas understand the importance of dewatering solutions on construction sites. If you’re constructing a building, a bridge, or a boat ramp, you might need to dewater the worksite to create a safe work environment. Such...
read more
Happy Thanksgiving from HSI Services!
by HSI Team | Nov 20th, 2020Whether you’re new to HSI Services Inc. or you’ve been with us for a while, we want to wish you a happy Thanksgiving! It’s time to take time off work, enjoy a great meal, and spend time with your family. What are you thankful for this year? Here’s what the team at HSI...
read more
Temporary WaterDams & Cofferdams
Get A Quote