https://www.marshall-tufflex.com/terms-conditions/
Website Terms of Use
Home » Website Terms of Use
1. Please read this statement carefully.
While this information is intended for residents of the United Kingdom, its terms and conditions apply to all visitors of this website. Any use by you of this website is subject to your acceptance of the terms and conditions set out in this statement. If after reading them you do not accept these terms of use please leave the website immediately. We reserve the right to change these terms by posting any changes on the website. The new terms will be effective immediately that they are posted.
2. IMPORTANT NOTICE:
These site terms form part of Marshall-Tufflex Limited’s website terms of use in the event that you make use of the Service
3. Definitions used throughout these terms:
a) You; someone who accesses and/or uses this website
b) Marshall-Tufflex/We; Marshall-Tufflex Limited company number 1007764 with registered office at 55 – 65 Castleham Road, St Leonards On Sea, East Sussex, TN38 9NU
c) Marshall-Tufflex Group; means C & C Marshall Limited, Marshall-Tufflex Limited, Marshall-Tufflex International Limited and Tufflex Limited and any subsidiary or holding or associated company of C&C Marshall Limited, Marshall-Tufflex Limited, Marshall-Tufflex International Limited and Tufflex Limited or any subsidiary of any such holding or associated company.
d) Service; the sale and supply of cable management systems and any other products or services that Marshall-Tufflex or a company in the Marshall-Tufflex Group sell and supply.
e) ‘Subsidiaries’ and ‘Holding Companies’; shall be as defined in Section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 as amended.
4. This website is published by Marshall-Tufflex Limited.
5. Privacy statement:
Marshall-Tufflex respects the privacy of its website visitors. Please click here to see the Marshall-Tufflex privacy statement, which forms part of these terms of use.
6. Marshall-Tufflex agrees to use its reasonable endeavours to maintain the website in a fully operational state, error free. As Marshall-Tufflex cannot guarantee that this will always be the case Marshall-Tufflex does not accept any liability for any defects that may exist, or for any costs, loss of profits, loss of data, or consequential loss or damage arising from the client or users use of, or inability to access the website.
7. Due to the number of sources from which Marshall-Tufflex obtains content and the nature of electronic distribution via the World Wide Web, Marshall-Tufflex does not give any warranties in respect of the website. All implied warranties are excluded from these conditions to the extent that they may be excluded as a matter of law.
8. This website may include links to other websites or resources. Marshall-Tufflex does not endorse and it not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such web-websites or resources.
9. DISCLAIMER: In no circumstances will Marshall-Tufflex or any company within the Marshall-Tufflex Group be liable to you for any direct, indirect, consequential, special or other damage howsoever resulting from the use of the website or any other website connected to this website by means of hypertext link or otherwise (whether such damage is caused by transmission from this website or a connected website to your computer system, mobile telephone or pocket pc of viruses, worms, trojan horses or other destructive items, corrupted data or data incompatible with your computer system or third parties, interception of or access to data of whatever nature including without limitation personal data and credit and payment card information transmitted by you electronically to Marshall-Tufflex or otherwise caused) such damage to include, without limitation, loss of profits, interruption to business and loss of data.
10. All the content and images of the website are the property of Marshall-Tufflex or its licensors or a Marshall-Tufflex Group company. Marshall-Tufflex authorises you to copy documents published on this website for your non-commercial use only provided that Marshall-Tufflex (or its licensors or relevant Marshall-Tufflex Group company as appropriate) retains all copyright in any copy of these documents that you make or other or other proprietary notices, and any disclaimer contained thereon. All rights are reserved. Marshall-Tufflex recognises that when you obtain access to our website, your computer downloads a copy of the material on this website. By obtaining access to the Marshall-Tufflex website you agree you will use the material for your personal use only and you agree not to use the material for any commercial purposes.
11. This website contains several trademarks, which belong to products of Marshall-Tufflex supplier companies or to a Marshall-Tufflex Group company. These trademarks are registered in many jurisdictions across the world. Save as provided in this legal notice, any use or reproduction of these trademarks is prohibited.
12. Users will indemnify and hold Marshall-Tufflex, the Marshall-Tufflex Group and their respective employees, officers and agents harmless against all loss and liability arising from claims made or litigation brought against them as a result of the use by you of Marshall-Tufflex’s website contents.
13. You agree not to use this website for any unlawful or prohibited purpose or in any manner that could damage, disable, or overburden the website, quotation request service or interfere with any other person’s use and enjoyment of it.
14. Marshall-Tufflex reserves the right to exclude you from the website at its discretion.
15. Although Marshall-Tufflex does its best to ensure that the website is accessible, it cannot guarantee it will always be so and does not accept any liability for such non-accessibility. Marshall-Tufflex recommends that you retain details of Marshall-Tufflex’s telephone number for direct contact.
16. These terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with English law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
17. Marshall-Tufflex welcomes your comments, criticisms and suggestions concerning any information published on this website. However, Marshall-Tufflex reserves the right to consider this feedback as non-confidential and Marshall-Tufflex shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation, within the statutory code of the Data Protection Act 1998 in the United Kingdom.
18. Marshall-Tufflex’s contact details are:
e-mail: sales@marshall-tufflex.com
Telephone: 01424 856600
Marshall-Tufflex Ltd
55-65 Castleham Road
St Leonards On Sea
East Sussex
TN38 9NU
MARSHALL-TUFFLEX LIMITED WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
What's New at Marshall-Tufflex
4 Dec 2020
Christmas closing, order and delivery arrangements
Read more
25 Nov 2020
Specification considerations to minimise risk of electrical fires
Read more
3 Nov 2020
We remain open for business and ready to help
Read more
26 Oct 2020
Marshall-Tufflex named UK Business Hero by British Chamber of Commerce
Read more
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Enter your details to receive updates from Marshall-Tufflex
Name*
Last
Company Name*Email*
Type of BusinessType of BusinessContractorDistributorSpecifierEnd User/ClientOtherLocationUKRest of the WorldConsent* I have read and agree to the privacy policy.*
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I AcceptPrivacy policy