https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
Skip to content
Privacy Shield Framework
Download Full Text of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles and Annex IDownload Full Text of the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield FrameworkEU-U.S. Privacy Shield FrameworkI. OverviewII. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles
1. Notice2. Choice3. Accountability for Onward Transfer4. Security5. Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation6. Access7. Recourse, Enforcement and Liability
III. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Supplemental Principles
1. Sensitive Data2. Journalistic Exceptions3. Secondary Liability4. Performing Due Diligence and Conducting Audits5. The Role of the Data Protection Authorities
(a) - (b)(c)(d) - (e)
6. Self-Certification7. Verification8. Access9.  Human Resources Data10. Obligatory Contracts for Onward Transfers11. Dispute Resolution and Enforcement
(a) - (c)(d) - (e)(f) - (g)
12. Choice – Timing of Opt-Out13. Travel Information14. Pharmaceutical and Medical Products15. Public Record and Publicly Available Information16. Access Requests by Public Authorities
EU-U.S. Annex I (Binding Arbitration)
IntroductionA. ScopeB. Available RemediesC. Pre-Arbitration RequirementsD. Binding Nature of DecisionsE. Review and EnforcementF. The Arbitration PanelG. Arbitration ProceduresH. Costs
Oversight and Enforcement by the U.S. Government under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework
Letter from Secretary of Commerce, Penny Pritzker, transmitting the Privacy Shield Package
DOC Secretary Letter
Letter from the International Trade Administration describing its administration and oversight of the Privacy Shield
DOC ITA Letter
Letter and accompanying attachment from the Federal Trade Commission describing its enforcement of the Privacy Shield
FTC LetterFTC Letter Attachment A
Letter from the Department of Transportation describing its enforcement of the Privacy Shield
DOT Letter
Letter from the Department of State and accompanying memorandum describing a new Privacy Shield Ombudsperson for submission of inquiries regarding the United States’ signals intelligence practices
DOS LetterDOS Letter Annex A
Descriptions of the Broader U.S. Privacy Framework
Letters prepared by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence regarding safeguards and limitations applicable to U.S. national security authorities
ODNI Letter 1ODNI Letter 2
Letter prepared by the Department of Justice regarding safeguards and limitations on U.S. Government access for law enforcement and public interest purposes
DOJ Letter