https://www.marcrist.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to our website
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Marcrist's relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term 'Marcrist' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Marcrist House, Kirk Sandall Industrial Estate, Doncaster, DN3 1QR. Our company registration number is 03799367 in the UK.
The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, please see our cookie policy and privacy notice.
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Marcrist and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Marcrist takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of UK.