http://www.third.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This post is also available in:
1. Introduction
Our privacy policy explains how information is collected, used, stored and disclosed by Third Dimension Software Limited and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Your data is only used for our own internal business purposes. We will never rent or sell your information to any third-parties and take reasonable care in keeping this information secure and preventing unauthorised access or unlawful use of it. All personal information is processed by us in accordance with data protection legislation applicable in the UK.
In this policy the following definitions shall have the following meanings:
Consent: agreement which must be freely given, specific, informed and be an unambiguous indication of the Data Subject’s wishes by which they, by a statement or by a clear positive action, signify agreement to the Processing of Personal Data relating to them.Controller: the person or organisation that determines when, why and how to process Personal Data. It is responsible for establishing practices and policies in line with the GDPR. Third Dimension Software Limited are the Controller of all Personal Data relating to Personal Data used in our business for our own commercial purposes.Data Subject: a living, identified or identifiable individual about whom we hold Personal Data. Data Subjects may be nationals or residents of any country and may have legal rights regarding their Personal Data.EEA: the 28 countries in the EU, and Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.Explicit Consent: consent which requires a very clear and specific statement (that is, not just action).General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR): the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679). Personal Data is subject to the legal safeguards specified in the GDPR.Personal Data: any information identifying a Data Subject or information relating to a Data Subject that we can identify (directly or indirectly) from that data alone or in combination with other identifiers we possess or can reasonably access. Personal Data includes Special Categories of Personal Data and Pseudonymised Personal Data but excludes anonymous data or data that has had the identity of an individual permanently removed. Personal data can be factual (for example, a name, email address, location or date of birth) or an opinion about that person’s actions or behaviour.Processing or Process: any activity that involves the use of Personal Data. It includes obtaining, recording or holding the data, or carrying out any operation or set of operations on the data including organising, amending, retrieving, using, disclosing, erasing or destroying it. Processing also includes transmitting or transferring Personal Data to third parties.We adhere to the principles relating to processing of personal data set out in the GDPR which require personal data to be:(a) processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner;(b) collected only for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes;(c) adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which it is processed;(d) accurate and where necessary kept up to date;(e) not kept in a form which permits identification of Data Subjects for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data is processed;(f) processed in a manner that ensures its security using appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage;(g) not transferred to another country without appropriate safeguards being in place; and(h) made available to data subjects and allow data subjects to exercise certain rights in relation to their personal data.We are responsible for and must be able to demonstrate compliance with the data protection principles listed above.
2. Personal data protection principles
We adhere to the principles relating to processing of personal data set out in the GDPR which require personal data to be:(a) processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner;(b) collected only for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes;(c) adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which it is processed;(d) accurate and where necessary kept up to date;(e) not kept in a form which permits identification of Data Subjects for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data is processed;(f) processed in a manner that ensures its security using appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage;(g) not transferred to another country without appropriate safeguards being in place; and(h) made available to data subjects and allow data subjects to exercise certain rights in relation to their personal data.We are responsible for and must be able to demonstrate compliance with the data protection principles listed above.
3. Lawfulness, fairness, transparency
Personal data will be Processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to the Data Subject.We will only collect, Process and share Personal Data fairly and lawfully and for specified purposes. The GDPR restricts our actions regarding Personal Data to specified lawful purposes. These restrictions are not intended to prevent Processing, but ensure that we Process Personal Data fairly and without adversely affecting the Data Subject.
The GDPR allows Processing for specific purposes, some of which are set out below:(a) the Data Subject has given his or her Consent;(b) the Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with the Data Subject;(c) to meet our legal compliance obligations;(d) to protect the Data Subject’s vital interests;(e) to pursue our legitimate interests for purposes where they are not overridden because the Processing prejudices the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of Data Subjects.
4. The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:• Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.• Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.• Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.• Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.• Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.• Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.• Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and service.• Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
5. If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
6. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:• Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you apply for our products, services or job vacancies;o apply for our products or services via our Distributors;o subscribe to our service or publications;o request marketing to be sent to you;o enter a competition, promotion or survey; oro give us feedback or contact us.
7. Visitors to Our Website
When someone visits our website (www.third.com), we collect standard internet log information including but not limited to; “IP address”, “browser type”, “domain names”, and “pages viewed”. We collect this information anonymously and in a way that does not identify anyone to monitor and analyse trends, and to improve user experiences when you visit our website to increase its functionality.We make no attempt to find out the identity of those visiting our site and will not associate any data gathered with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do collect personally identifiable information through our website i.e. enquiries or newsletter sign-up, we will be upfront about this and only use your information as you have requested.
8. Use of cookies
Sometimes we use cookies on our website; cookies are small text files that are sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. They are used to allow a site to recognise your device, preferences and help provide a better user experience and we assume you are happy with this if you continue using our website.Our cookies and the cookies used by third parties (such as Google Analytics) collect anonymous information about our visitors. This includes how people use our website by tracking movements around the site and gathering demographic information about visitors as a whole. For example, the number of visitors to each page and what links they click on.
Most browsers allow some control of most cookies within the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and/or delete them in your browsers, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.