http://www.fast-rescue.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated is committed to protecting your privacy. Please read the complete privacy statement, which is intended to explain data collection and use in situations where you provide personal information to F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated. This privacy statement applies to all of our websites and does not apply to other offline F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated manuals, products, or services.
F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated is committed to adhering to the principles of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA). It is our goal to demonstrate our commitment to our users’ privacy. This policy provides you with an opportunity to make informed choices about the management of personal information about you.
Personal Information
“Personal information” is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify, or contact a specific individual. It does not include business contact information and certain publicly available information such as names, addresses and telephone numbers published in public directories.
If you have questions about the manner in which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us:
F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated
750 Oakdale Rd., Suite 56
Toronto ON
Canada M3N 2Z4
Phone: 1-866-706-7283
Email: info@fast-rescue.com
Collection of Personal Information
Personal information that you volunteer may be used for the following reasons:
To respond to your specific requests
To provide adequate training information and newsletters
To assist in the creation and publication of content directed toward your specific needs
To allow you to gain access to certain areas of the website as appropriate
To provide custom content when you access our websites
To gain an understanding of our website users and improve our services
To notify users about any updates to our website
Selling or Distribution of Personal Information
F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated does not sell, rent, or otherwise share users’ personal information with third parties without your permission, other than if required by law, or in good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to either comply with the law, prepare, and defend the rights or property of F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated, or to protect a user of the web site. F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated is committed to keeping any personally identifiable data accurate, safe, and secure from misuse or alteration.
Collection of Other Information on our Websites
F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated collects non-personally identifiable information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name and access times. This information is used strictly to ensure the proper operation of the service and to maintain quality of service. It is not linked to personally identifiable information.
Our Privacy Policy Principles
F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated meets its obligations with respect to the collection use and/or disclosure of your personal information by following the 10 privacy principles set forth in PIPEDA:
Accountability
F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated is responsible for all personal information under its custody or control. F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated staff are aware of our privacy practices and policies.  F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated will require that our third-party contracts contain a provision requiring their adherence to PIPEDA.
Identifying Purpose
The purposes for which we collect personal information are identified above.
Consent
The knowledge and consent of the individual are required for the collection, use or disclosure of personal information.
By accessing and/or using this website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to the practices for the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information as described herein.  If you do not agree with these terms, you are requested not to provide any personal information to F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated.
Limiting Collection
The collection of personal information will be limited to the purposes identified above, except pursuant to PIPEDA Section 7(3), in which circumstances we may be required by law to disclose information without consent.
Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention
F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated will not use and/or disclose your personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected unless we have first obtained your consent.  Personal information will be retained only as long as necessary for fulfillment of those purposes.
Accuracy
We are committed to maintaining accurate, complete, and up-to-date personal information. Should any of your personal information change, please contact us so that we can make the appropriate changes.
Safeguards
To prevent unauthorized access and maintain the integrity of your data, F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated has incorporated physical, technological, and organizational measures to safeguard your personal information.  These safeguards include the use of firewalls and restricting employee access to consumer databases.
Openness
Through this privacy policy, we make available to individuals’ specific information about our collection, use and/or disclosure of personal information.
Individual Access
Upon request, an individual will be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of his or her personal information and will be provided access to that information.  An individual will be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.
Challenging Compliance
To make a formal complaint about our privacy practices, please contact us.
Updating of Privacy Policy
F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated will occasionally update this privacy statement, as necessary. The date of last change will be recorded pursuant to the date of last revision found at the top of this privacy statement. If our information practices change at any time, F.A.S.T. Rescue Incorporated will contact, via email, users whose personal information we maintain, before we use such data for any new purposes. All such users will be notified of the policy change and provided a clear and convenient opportunity to opt out of the new practices. The personal information of users who do not opt out of the new practices will be subject to the new practices. If users have opted out of all communication with the site, they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in the new manner.
General inquiries
For general inquiries about privacy laws and policies in the privacy sector, you may contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada.