https://www.protoexpress.com/pcb/privacy-policy/
December 11th, 2020
Our Silicon Valley facility is deemed "essential" and is fully operational to support medical, defense & other printed circuit board fabrication and assembly projects.
For your more complex boards, please send your quote request to files@protoexpress.com.You can also quote and order standard technology PCBs/Assembly online on this website.
Privacy Policy
Sierra Circuits, Inc. (Sierra Proto Express) will not disclose your personal information to any outside organization for its use in marketing without your consent.
Information regarding you (such as name, address and phone number) or your order and the products you purchase will not be given or sold to any outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation without your consent. Your information may be shared with agents or contractors of Sierra Proto Express for the purpose of performing services for Sierra Proto Express.
Security
Providing you with a secure online experience is a high priority for Sierra Proto Express. We recognize that your privacy and security are of the utmost importance, and we have devoted a great deal of effort to ensure that your personal information is safeguarded. Your transactions are supported by industry-standard data encryption.
Website Security — Safer Transmissions
Positive identification. The Sierra Proto Express website is registered with site identification authorities to enable your browser to confirm the Sierra Proto Express website’s identity before any transmission is sent. With this technology, (known as Certificate from Trusted Authority ), the identity of our site is automatically confirmed behind the scenes prior to the transmission of any customer information requested to complete an online order your data reaches your intended target or your browser notifies you (prior to your sending any personal information) that the potential receiving site looks suspicious and should be avoided.
Data Encryption
If you are using a security-enabled browser (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer version 2.1 or greater, or Mozilla version 1.0.5 or greater), the information you send us regarding your purchase is encrypted, making it extremely difficult to read even if it is wrongly intercepted. The Sierra Proto Express website utilizes industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive information such as your name, address and critically sensitive information like your credit card number.
Website Security – Help Protect Yourself
If you use a security-enabled browser (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer version 2.1 or greater, or Mozilla version 1.0.5 or greater) paying attention to two browser features will decrease the chances for the unintended or fraudulent use of your personal information:
1. Browser security settings
Your browser security preference settings are your first line of defense to stopping the theft or unwanted viewing of confidential, personal information. The most popular browsers offer you the ability to receive an alert or notification if any of the following happen or are about to occur:
changing between secure and insecure transmission modesreceiving an invalid site identification for the site to which you are about to transmitsending a transmission over an “open” or unsecured connection
Check the settings of your browser security features to see all the checks that are possible and those that are currently in place.
2. Browser security signals
The presence of security measures surrounding the entry of data on a web page is identified in several ways for you on your browser:
A security symbol to indicate operation in a mode that supports secure transmissionsA “closed lock” icon is present in the bottom right-hand corner of your Microsoft Internet Explorer browser screen
3. Shared responsibility
Security is a shared responsibility of Sierra Proto Express and users on our website, who have the capability to enhance the security of their own accounts:
Do not allow others to use your passwordSelect unique and non-obvious passwords which are different from your usernameChange your password oftenLog out when you’ve completed your purchasing sessionOf course, this security is dependent upon users protecting their login information and access to their computer while logged in. The security of your company’s account is also increased by the fact that Sierra Proto Express tracks and records all purchasing and approval activity.
We hope that once you understand the measures we employ and the steps you can take to protect yourself, you’ll be as confident about the security of your transactions and personal information as we are.
HOME |
SITEMAP |
TERMS & CONDITIONS |
PRIVACY POLICY |
COPYRIGHT ©
SIERRA CIRCUITS, INC 1990- ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Facebook Twitter Linkedin
Attention California Residents: CCPA Compliance 2020