http://www.imglobal.com/legal/privacy-policy
Show Plans
Insurance
Why are you away from home?
Vacation / Holiday
Visitor / Immigrant
Student / Scholar
Employer / Business Traveler
Expat / Global Citizen
Mission / Social Good
Marine Captain / Crew
Government Services
Product Categories
Travel Medical Insurance
Popular Plans
Patriot Travel Series
Patriot Travel Medical Insurance
Patriot America Plus
Patriot Platinum
See All Plans
International Health Insurance
Popular Plans
Global Medical Insurance
Global Mission Medical Insurance
GEO Group
See All Plans
Travel Insurance
Popular Plans
iTravelInsured Travel Series
iTravelInsured Travel Lite
iTravelInsured Travel SE
iTravelInsured Travel LX
See All Plans
Information
Why IMG
Our Story
Customer Stories
FAQs
Newsroom
Blog
Careers
Members
Member Login
My Plan Documents
Find a Doctor
Claims Center
Precertification
Renew Policy
Forms Library
Resume Quote / Application
Producers
Become a Producer
Producer Login
My Account
Members
Producers
Contact Us
Legal Restrictions
Menu
Terms of Use
Security Center
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
IMG Online Privacy StatementEffective Date: December 7, 2020This statement (the “Privacy Policy”) applies to IMG websites, services, products and applications that collect data and display these terms, owned and operated by International Medical Group®, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, but not limited to, a la carte Healthcare, Ltd., Global Response Ltd., IMG Europe, Ltd., iTravel Insured, Inc. and AkesoCare Management, Inc. (collectively “IMG”, “IMG®”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). It does not apply to other IMG products and services that are not affected by the IMG Privacy Statement. At IMG, we are committed to earning your trust by respecting and protecting the privacy of the information you provide to us online. The following describes how IMG collects, uses, shares and secures the personal information you provide, as well as the human resources data of our employees. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information.
EU-U.S. & Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
The EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks were designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the European Commission and Swiss Administration, respectively, to provide companies on both sides of the Atlantic with a mechanism to comply with data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Union, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States in support of transatlantic commerce.
International Medical Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates, such as iTravel Insured,  and Akeso Care Management, Inc. and International Medical Administrators, Inc.,
participate in and have certified their compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. We are committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List. https://www.privacyshield.gov
IMG is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. IMG complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, IMG is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration regarding your privacy concerns when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
IMG has further committed to cooperate with the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) for EU employees, and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner for Swiss employees, with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU or Switzerland, respectively, in the context of the employment relationship.
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)IMG collects and uses your information as follows and for the following reasons.  Unless stated otherwise, where and when GDPR applies to the following information, IMG is the data controller. If you are a citizen or resident of the European Union and you are visiting a website affiliated with an IMG entity, or you are an insured person through IMG, or an IMG entity administers a health plan that covers you, IMG may send your personal data to the United States for use and processing as necessary to serve you or to provide you with the best products, services and experiences possible.  If this occurs, your personal information will be transferred subject to the EU-U.S. & Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.Lawfulness of ProcessingIf you are a citizen or resident of the European Union, for personal information we gather directly from you and for information we receive about you from third parties, if you are an insured, you have been asked, and do hereby, consent to process your personal information pursuant to Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR.  You may withdraw your consent at any time. If you are visiting our website and are not (or not yet) a customer or an insured, you have affirmatively agreed to allow us to process your information by accepting our cookie notice, which shall also qualify as consent under Article 6(1)(a).  For insureds, customers and website visitors, we will: (i) process the personal information we collect from you or that we receive from third parties about you as necessary to further IMG’s legitimate interests, which shall not override any of your fundamental rights and freedoms; (ii)
for all other purposes set forth below. We will only process such information in order to send you future marketing materials about products or services in which you may have interest subject only to your express consent.
If you do not provide such express consent to receive marketing communications, IMG will not process your information for this purpose.
If you do provide such consent, you may withdraw it at any time. Time periods for storing personal information: If you are a person insured through IMG, a subsidiary, or one of its clients; or an IMG entity administers an insurance plan that covers you, IMG shall retain your personal information subject to its retention schedules, which are determined by the nature of the personal information, how IMG will use the information will be used to serve you, any regulatory controls and any applicable legal or tax considerations. We will retain the information collected about your interactions with our websites for up to one year, or until you request deletion or opt out.If you are a European citizen or resident that has visited an IMG website, and for whom IMG has gathered personal information as described below, you have a right to request access to and rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing concerning the data subject and to object to processing as well as the right to data portability.  You can exercise this right by contacting our Data Protection Officer. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with the applicable EU supervisory authority.
Collecting Your Information
IMG collects many kinds of information in order to operate effectively and provide you the best products, services and experiences we can. Regardless of the source, we believe it’s important to treat that information with care and to help you maintain your privacy.
In correlation with your relationship with us (e.g. consumer insured or policyholder; producer or appointed representative; or other person relating to our business), we may collect the following personal information from you and your dependents:
Name; gender; marital status; citizenship; date of birth; physical attributes; activity records such as exercise routines; current or former medical condition and health status including other factors affecting insurability; relationship to the policy holder, insured, or claimant; contact information such as email, mailing, or alternate address, telephone, mobile, fax number; affiliated company or sponsoring organization; financial information such as payment card number and billing address; government issued ID’s such as social security number; telephone recordings of calls to our representatives and call centers; unique identifiers such as certificate, group, insured or member ID, producer, and iTI number; education, qualifications, and previous experience for job applicants;
We may also collect from you, information about your contacts such as your beneficiaries; your medical practitioner’s name, address, and contact information; to fulfill and/or process a claim. When you provide us with personal information about your contacts we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided. If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact DPO@imglobal.com.
We may receive information about you from third parties from whom we have obtained data, and combine this data with information we already have about you. For European citizens and residents who wish to discover the identity of the third parties from whom we have obtained data, please contact us. This information helps us to update, expand and analyze our records and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. Example of the type of personal information that may be obtained from third parties may include, purchased marketing data about our customers from third parties that is combined with information we already have about you, to create more tailored advertising and products.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
IMG and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ interactions with the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it will limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.
Contact information for IMG’s Data Protection Officer:
2960 North Meridian Street
Indianapolis, IN USA 46208-4715
1-800-628-4664
DPO@imglobal.com
Browser Controls for “Do Not Track” and Tracking Protection
Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” features. Most of these features, when turned on, send a signal or preference to the web sites you visit indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. Those sites may continue to engage in activities you might view as tracking even though you have expressed this preference, depending on the sites’ privacy practices.
Most web browsers have a feature related to tracking protection that helps prevent the web sites you go to from automatically sending details about your visit to third-party content providers. When you add a tracking protection list, the browser may block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed as a site to be blocked. By limiting calls to these sites, the browser will limit the information these third-party sites can collect about you. And when you have a tracking protection list enabled, certain browsers may send a do not track signal or preference to the web sites you visit. For more information about Tracking Protection Lists and how to find them, please see your browser’s privacy statement or help.
Our Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
IMG uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the case, including:
Storing your Preferences and Settings. Settings that enable our websites to operate correctly or that maintain your preferences over time may be stored on your device. For example, if you enter your city or postal code, we may store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. We also save preferences, such as language, browser and multimedia player settings, so those do not have to be reset each time you return to the site. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device.
Security. We use cookies to detect fraud and abuse of our websites and services.
Storing Information you Provide to our Websites. When you provide information, or submit an insurance application, we store the data in a cookie to remember the product and information you have added.
Social Media. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are logged in to the social media service to share content via that service.
Feedback. IMG uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website.Interest-Based Advertising. IMG uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising at any time.
Showing Advertising. IMG uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen so you don’t see the same one repeatedly.
Analytics. In order to provide our websites, we use cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page and to develop other statistics about the operations of our web properties. This includes cookies from IMG and from third-party analytics providers like Google.
Performance. IMG uses cookies for load balancing to ensure that websites remain up and running.
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the main reasons we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site may set some or all of the following cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not function properly.
Cookies Used:
Sitefinity CMS
Typekit
Google Tag Manager
Performance & Interaction Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore does not directly identify an individual. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Used:
Google Analytics
Google Translate
LivePerson
Optimizely
Targeting & Advertising Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and interactions. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not experience a loss of site functionality.
Cookies Used:
DoubleClick
Bing Ads
Google AdWords
Facebook Custom Audience
More Information
In addition to the cookies IMG sets when you visit our websites, third parties may also set cookies when you visit our sites. In some cases, that is because we have hired the third party to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics. Because your browser connects to those third parties' web servers to retrieve that content, those third parties are able to set or read their own cookies on your device and may collect information about your online activities across websites or online services.
How to Control Cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by clicking Settings > Privacy > Cookies. Instructions for blocking or deleting cookies in other browsers may be available in each browser's privacy or help documentation.
Certain features of IMG sites depend on cookies. Please be aware that if you choose to block cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies may be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, will be deleted and may need to be recreated.
Other Similar Technologies
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also be used to store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then be used to track behavior. These technologies include Silverlight Application Storage.
How We Use Your Personal Information
IMG uses the information we collect to operate, improve and personalize the products and services we offer. Information collected through one IMG service may be combined with information collected through other IMG services to give you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with us. We may also supplement this with information from other companies. For example, we may use services from other companies to help us derive a general geographic area based on your IP address in order to customize certain services to your geographic area.
For IMG services, we use this information to provide you with relevant search results. We also use the information we collect to maintain and improve the quality, security and integrity of our products and services. For example, we may use this information for research purposes and to improve the relevancy of search results. This information is also necessary in order to detect and protect against security threats such as botnet attacks, click fraud, worms, and other threats. We also may use the information to communicate with you, for example, informing you when an insurance contract is ending, letting you know when updates are available or letting you know when you need to take action to keep your account active.
We also may use this information to assist in the fulfillment of the insurance product you purchased or the processing and administration of any insurance claims that you may submit, including, but not limited to working with providers, handling appeals, and resolving complaints. This information may be securely transmitted to third party business partners we have engaged to adjudicate, reprice, fulfill and or pay claims or to healthcare providers. For a complete list of the third parties with whom we have or may in the future safely and securely share your personal information, please contact the Data Protection Officer.
IMG provides many of our sites and services free of charge because they may be supported by advertising. In order to make these services widely available, the information we collect may be used to help improve the advertisements you see by making them more relevant to you. For example, we may use search query data for the purpose of personalizing the ads we display to you as you use our services or those of our advertising partners. The search terms you enter are categorized and certain user segments are inferred based on those terms. For example, if you search on terms associated with sports, we may associate a “sports segment” with the unique identifier contained in your cookie, and you will then be more likely to see ads related to sports.
IMG acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information. IMG has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct their query to IMG’s Data Protection Officer. If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information or may need to retain your personal information in order to continue providing a service.
When you sign into a site or service using your IMG account, we collect certain information in order to verify your identity on behalf of the site or service, to protect you from malicious account usage, and to protect the efficiency and security of the IMG account service.
If you received your account from a third party, like an employer, a producer, spouse, or the legal representative, that third party may have rights over your account, including the ability to reset your password, view your account usage or profile data, read or store content in your account, and suspend or cancel your account. In these cases, you are subject to the IMG terms of use and to any additional terms of use from that third party. If you are the administrator on behalf of an employer or producer and have provided your users with IMG accounts, you are responsible for all activity that takes place within such accounts.
All sites or services that offer or market IMG’s products are required to have a posted privacy statement, but we do not control or monitor the privacy practices of external sites, and their privacy practices will vary. You should carefully review the privacy statement for each site you sign into in order to determine how each site or service will use the information it collects.
Creating an IMG Account - Some of our websites allow you to create an IMG account by providing an email address, a password and other “account proofs,” such as an alternate email address, a phone number, and a question and secret answer. We will use your “account proofs” for security purposes only - for instance, to verify your identity in the event that you cannot access your IMG account and need assistance, or to reset your password if you cannot access the email address associated with your IMG account. Some services may require added security, and in those cases, you may be asked to create an additional security key. The email address and password that you use to sign up for your IMG account are your “credentials” that you will use to authenticate with our network.
You can use an email address provided by a third party (such as those ending in gmail.com or yahoo.com) when signing up for your IMG account. Upon creating an IMG account, we may send you an email asking you to verify that you are the owner of the email address associated with your IMG account. This is designed to verify the validity of the email address and help prevent email addresses from being used without the permission of their owners. Thereafter, we may use that email address to send you communications relating to your use of IMG products and services; we may also send you promotional emails about IMG products and services as permitted by local law. Refer to the Choice section below on how to opt-out of these communications.
Accessing Your Personal Information and Search History
When using a web browser, you can access and manage your information, including Search History, through the preferences page. You may clear your search history from appearing on the site by following the steps provided in see your search history. Clearing your history removes it from the Search History and prevents that history from being displayed on the web browser, but does not delete information from our standard search logs, which are retained and pseudonymized.
Upon request IMG will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by logging into your account or by contacting DPO@imglobal.com. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information, or may need to retain your personal information in order to continue providing a service.
ChildrenOur websites are not structured to attract children. Accordingly, we do not solicit or knowingly collect any personal information from anyone who visits our websites that we know to be under 13 years of age. If we are made aware that information is or has been submitted by or collected from a child below 13, we will immediately delete their personal information. This provision does not apply to insureds, customers or other individuals on behalf of whom we provide services as a result of a customer or an insured relationship.
Other Important Privacy Information
Below you will find additional privacy information you may find important. Much of this describes common practices that we want you to know about. And some of this is just stating the obvious (for example, we will disclose information when the law requires it). Please keep in mind that this information is not a complete description of our practices – this is all in addition to the other, more specific information contained in the privacy statements, agreements and releases relating to each IMG product and service you use.
Sharing or Disclosing Personal InformationExcept as described in this privacy statement, we will not disclose your personal information to a third party without your prior consent and as permitted under applicable laws.We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. When we share information with these other companies to provide services for us, they are not allowed to use it for any other purpose and must keep it confidential. These services may include:Adjudicating and managing the claims processPayment processing to healthcare providersProviding customer serviceSending marketing communications (subject only to your express consent)In certain situations, IMG may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect the rights or property of IMG, our insureds, clients or our customers, including enforcing the terms governing your use of the services, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. If IMG is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information.In addition to any sharing described in the privacy statement for the product or service you are using, IMG may share or disclose personal information with other IMG controlled subsidiaries and affiliates. For your (opt-out) choices on this type of sharing, please contact DPO@imglobal.com.We may also share some search query data with selected third parties for research purposes. Before we do so, we remove all unique identifiers such as IP addresses and cookie IDs from the data. We also run the data through a process designed to remove identifiable information that users may have included in the search terms themselves (such as social security numbers or credit card numbers). Additionally, we require these third parties to keep the data secure and not to use the data for any other purposes.
Protecting the Security of Personal Information
IMG is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of generally accepted standards of security technologies and procedures to help protect the personal information submitted to us, from unauthorized access, use or disclosure both during transmission and once it is received. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number or password) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share it. If you are sharing a computer, you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact DPO@imglobal.com.
We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Storage and Retention - We store search terms (and the cookie IDs associated with search terms) separately from any account information that directly identifies the user, such as name, e-mail address, or phone numbers. Further, we have built-in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent the unauthorized correlation of this data.
Choice
We partner with a third party to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here or if located in the European Union click here. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
Furthermore, because cookies can be used for many purposes, users who object to behaviorally targeted advertising may choose to accept cookies but opt out from that particular use. Companies in the online advertising industry have developed guidelines and programs to help protect users’ privacy, and these industry programs include web pages you can visit to opt out from receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from all participating companies (including IMG). These pages include Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Consumer Choice Page here and Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) Opt-Out Page here.
IMG uses Google Analytics for remarketing. When users have chosen to enable Google to associate their web and app browsing history with their Google account, and to use information from their Google account to personalize ads they see across the web, Google Analytics will collect these users’ Google-Authenticated Identifiers, which are Google’s personal data, and temporarily join them to Google Analytics data for remarketing purposes. To opt out from this data collection, you may visit here.
You may sign-up to receive email or newsletter or other communications from us. If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the “Unsubscribe” link found in emails we send to you or at your member profile on our website or by contacting DPO@imglobal.com.
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact DPO@imglobal.com.
Our website(s) offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact DPO@imglobal.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Our website(s) includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of IMG. If you submit personal information to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
You may access IMG services when using other non-IMG sites or services. These sites may use the IMG API. You should refer to the privacy policy of the site for any questions about their information collection and usage practices.
California Consumer Privacy ActIMG does not sell your personal data to third parties and will not do so.
Any data that IMG processes on your behalf is subject to your express consent or relates to services that you have asked us to perform on your behalf.
You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by logging into your account or by contacting DPO@imglobal.com. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information or may need to retain your personal information in order to continue providing a service. If you believe you have other rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act or have other questions regarding your data, please contact IMG’s Data Protection Officer.
Giveaways & SweepstakesTo read the terms and conditions for participation in IMG giveaways and sweepstakes, please click here.
Changes to Our Privacy StatementsWe will occasionally update our privacy statements to reflect customer feedback and changes in our services. When we post changes to a statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement. If there are material changes to the statement or in how IMG will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account). We encourage you to periodically review the privacy statements for the products and services you use to learn the latest information on our privacy practices.
How to Contact Us
Questions about this Statement or about IMG’s handling of your information, please contact DPO@imglobal.com, or
International Medical Group, Inc.
2960 North Meridian Street
Indianapolis, IN USA 46208-4715
Search
Search
Search
Plan Documents
Declaration of Medical Insurance
ID Card
Coverage Documentation
Confirmation of Coverage
(Visa Letter)
Declaration of Life Insurance
Select your Language
PhoneIMG Products+1 (317) 655-4500iTravelInsured Products+1 (317) 655-9796
Headquarters2960 North Meridian Street Indianapolis, IN 46208
MailPlease refer to the fax number, email address, or mailing address on your IMG documents.Already a Member?Login to your MyIMG account to manage account information, submit claims, monitor claims status, and much more from anywhere in the world, at any time.Login
Send a MessageNature of Inquiry
General/Sales
Insurance Professional/Producer
Customer Service
Claims Status/Verification of Benefits
Grievance
Website Feedback
General/SalesInsurance Professional/ProducerCustomer ServiceClaims Status/Verification of BenefitsGrievanceWebsite Feedback
Name
Email
Phone
Message
Submit
Thank you for your message! We'll be in touch shortly.
Name
Email
Phone
Producer Number
(If Applicable)
Message
Submit
Thank you for your message! We'll be in touch shortly.
Name
Email
Phone
Insured ID
(if applicable)
Message
Submit
Thank you for your message! We'll be in touch shortly.
Name
Email
Phone
Insured ID
Date of Treatment
Message
Submit
Thank you for your message! We'll be in touch shortly.
Name
Email
Phone
Message
Submit
Thank you for your message! We'll be in touch shortly.
Name
Email
Phone
Message
Submit
Thank you for your message! We'll be in touch shortly.
Official Rules: IMG Online Purchase Survey Giveaway Sweepstakes
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. Any purchase of the products or services offered by International Medical Group® (IMG®), its affiliates, or subsidiaries (“Sponsor”) will not improve your chances of winning. Any person’s entry into or participation in International Medical Group’s $100 IMG Online Purchase Survey Giveaway Sweepstakes (the “Sweepstakes”) constitutes his/her agreement with all of the terms and conditions in the Official Rules, applicable laws, and acceptance of Sponsor’s decisions, which are in Sponsor’s discretion and final and binding. All Federal, State, Local, and Municipal laws and regulations apply to the Sweepstakes. Void where prohibited by law.PRIZE. $100 Visa gift card. The Prize is neither exchangeable, refundable, nor transferable. The winner(s) is solely responsible for all taxes and consequences associated with receiving the Prize.ELIGIBILITY. This contest is open to adult participants worldwide; you must be at least 18 years of age to enter and not subject to 18 U.S.C. § 1033. No groups, clubs, newsletters or organizations can participate in this Sweepstakes on behalf of the group, club or organization. Sponsor reserves the right at its sole discretion to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the operation of the Sweepstakes or any website, or to be acting in any manner deemed by Sponsor to be in violation of the rules; or to be acting in any manner deemed by Sponsor to be disruptive, or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person.HOW TO ENTER, ENTRY PERIOD.
The entry period begins July 5th, and ends on August 5th (the “Entry Period”). Entries which are duplicates, submitted by the same person, or that are submitted before or after the Entry Period will be disqualified. If eligible, you may enter by completing all information accurately, truthfully, and correctly and submitting feedback to IMG via the Purchase survey. You may also enter by emailing ux@imglobal.com with the subject line “Purchase.” Limit one entry per person during the Entry Period.PRIZE DRAWING. A Sponsor representative at the Sponsor’s corporate office will use Microsoft Excel to randomly select a winner. The Prize can only be redeemed once after the winner(s) is chosen. Once the Prize offered is exhausted, the Prize will expire and will be designated as “Sold Out” and/or will be deleted from any public mediums and will no longer be available for redemption. The odds of winning are not high and will depend upon the number of entrants, which is currently unknown.NOTIFICATION, DELIVERY, CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS TO RECEIVE PRIZE. All entrants are subject to verification at the sole discretion of Sponsor. Anti-fraud detection devices may be used for verification purposes. No Prize redemption will be valid if such Prize redemption is associated with any entry or participant deemed void for any reason, including without limitation, the following: (a) the entry or participant is not verified or recognized as being validly submitted by Sponsor; (b) the entry or participant is determined to have been previously entered. It is the sole responsibility of the entrant to notify the Sponsor in writing if the entrant changes his or her e-mail or postal address during the Sweepstakes. Sponsor will attempt to contact the selected winner(s) via email within three (3) business days of the drawing. Notification is deemed effective immediately upon successful sending of the email(s). If a selected individual is found to be ineligible, declines to accept the Prize, refuses to produce documentation verifying identity, or is unable to be contacted (including failing to return emails to Sponsor) within three (3) business days of Sponsor’s email to that person, at Sponsor’s election such person may be deemed to have forfeited and/or declined any interest, right, entitlement, and/or claim to receive the Prize. To be confirmed as a winner, the selected individual(s) will be required to furnish all information required by the IRS within three business days of Sponsor’s email to that person. If all requested documents are timely received and Sponsor confirms compliance with the Official Rules, the selected individual(s) will be confirmed as the Prize winner(s), and announced publicly on Monday, August 14, 2017. The Prize will be sent within ten (10) business days of Sponsor’s confirmation of the winner(s) and receipt of any documentation required by governmental entities.PUBLICITY, GRANT OF RIGHTS, PERSONAL INFORMATION. Except where prohibited by law, the winner(s), their spouse(s), and immediate family consent to the use of his/her name, city of residence, photograph, voice, likeness, image, content, email address, or any other aspect of his/her personality (“content”) for any advertising and/or publicity by Sponsor, its affiliates, and subsidiaries, throughout the world, in all media and means now known or hereafter discovered, in perpetuity, without any notice, approval, additional compensation or other obligation. Entrants also hereby grant Sponsor a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare electronic messages, derivative works of, display, and perform the content in connection with Sponsor’s services and its, its successors' and affiliates’ business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the content (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. By entering the Sweepstakes and voluntarily providing personal information, each entrant grants permission to Sponsor to collect and use such information for marketing purposes and administering the Sweepstakes. Each entrant grants Sponsor a license to share personal information with its subsidiaries and affiliates for the purpose of offering their products and services and administering the Sweepstakes.GENERAL. Sponsor reserves the right to modify, add, subtract, suspend or cancel the Sweepstakes and/or these Official Rules, in whole or in part, without prior notice and with no obligation or liability, if for any reason, the Sweepstakes is not capable of running as planned, whether due to fraud, technical difficulties, tampering or other causes outside the anticipation or control of Sponsor. By entering this Sweepstakes, entrants agree to release and to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sponsor, its affiliates, and subsidiaries and their owners, shareholders, members, officers, employees, agents, contractors, and representatives from any and all liability, claim, action, loss, damage or injury arising from entry and/or participation in this Sweepstakes. Sponsor reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to disqualify and seek damages from any individual it finds to be tampering with the entry process or operation of the Sweepstakes, to be acting in violation of the terms of these Official Rules, violating applicable laws, or to be acting in a non-sportsmanlike or disruptive manner. Any use of robotic, automatic, macro, programmed, third-party, or like entry methods are void and disqualify the attempt to enter the Sweepstakes. No responsibility or liability is assumed by the Sponsor for technical problems or technical malfunction arising in connection with any of the following occurrences which may affect the operation of the Sweepstakes: hardware or software errors; faulty computer, telephone, cable, satellite, network, electronic, wireless or Internet connectivity or other online communication problems; errors or limitations of any Internet service providers, servers, hosts or providers; garbled, jumbled or faulty data transmissions; failure of any email transmissions to be sent or received; lost, late, delayed or intercepted email messaging transmissions; inaccessibility of any website in whole or in part for any reason; traffic congestion on the Internet or any website; unauthorized human or non-human intervention of the operation of the Sweepstakes, including without limitation, unauthorized tampering, hacking, theft, virus, bugs, worms; or destruction of any aspect of the Sweepstakes, or loss, miscount, misdirection, inaccessibility or unavailability of information used in connection with the Sweepstakes. Sponsor is not responsible for any typographical or printing errors in these guidelines, or any inaccurate or incorrect data contained on any website, including without limitation, the number of prizes available, or any personal injury or property damage or losses of any kind which may be sustained to user's or any other person's computer equipment or electronic equipment resulting from online participation in the Sweepstakes, or use of or download of any information from any website. Use of any website is at user’s own risk. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on any website is provided “as is” without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.DISPUTES. The interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules is governed by the laws of the State of Indiana. All disputes arising or connected to this Sweepstakes will be resolved individually, without resort to a class action, exclusively by state or federal court located in the judicial district encompassing Indianapolis, Indiana. If there is a conflict between the laws of the State of Indiana, and any other laws, the conflict will be resolved in favor of the laws of the State of Indiana. All judgments and awards in favor of a participant or winner shall be limited to the lesser of the Prize or actual out-of-pocket damages (excluding attorney’s fees) associated with the entrant’s participation in this Sweepstakes and shall not include any indirect, punitive, and/or consequential damages.