http://www.sibert.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
1. Introduction
Sibert Instruments takes the confidentiality of personal data seriously. Please contact us if you have any questions or comments on this privacy policy.
The Company's privacy policy sets out the ways Sibert Instruments processes personal data. This privacy policy only relates to personal data collected by Sibert Instruments via Sibert Instruments website. Any personal data collected by Sibert Instruments is used in accordance with data protection legislation.
This privacy policy does not apply to personal data provided to Sibert Instruments by any other means or via any other website. Users should be aware that if they provide personal data to other companies, the privacy polices of those companies determine the uses to which that information is put and Sibert Instruments's privacy policy will no longer apply.
2. The Data Protection Act 1998
Sibert Instruments website complies with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998.
3. Use Made of Personal Information
Personal information provided to Sibert Instruments via Sibert Instruments website will be used for the purposes outlined at the time of collection.
In addition, personal information may be used for statistical analysis.
Personal data will be collected and processed by Sibert Instruments for the following purposes:to provide goods and services, including marketing, advertising and promotions, unless a user elects to opt-out of receiving such communications.
Your personal details will not be made available to any third parties.
4. Consent
By providing personal data to Sibert Instruments users consent to the processing of such data by Sibert Instruments as described in this privacy policy.
5. Use of Data For Direct Marketing Purposes
At each point of data collection users are given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving future direct marketing material from Sibert Instruments. Where users do not opt-out of such communications, Sibert Instruments may provide information on The company's products, membership services, events, and training and education programmes. If at any time users want Sibert Instruments to stop sending such communications they should write to:
Sibert Instruments LimitedFleet Business ParkSandy LaneChurch CrookhamHampshireGU52 8BFEngland
6. Verifying, updating and amending your personal information
If, at any time, a user wants to verify, update or amend their personal data they may simple email their request to info@sibert.co.uk
Verification, updating or amendment of personal data takes place within 40 days of receipt of the request.
7. Links to Third Party Websites
This privacy policy applies solely to the personal data collected by Sibert Instruments and does not apply to third party websites users may access from this website.
The Company is not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites. The Company advises users to read the privacy policies of other websites before registering any personal data.
8. Security
The Company holds your personal data in accordance with the security provisions of the Data Protection legislation.
9. Notification of Changes
The Company will notify all members of any changes it makes to its privacy policy. If Sibert Instruments decides to change its privacy policy, it will post such changes on this page so that you are always aware of how Sibert Instruments uses your personal data.
Users have the right to ask Sibert Instruments for a copy of the personal data held about them and to request that Sibert Instruments correct any inaccuracies in that information.