http://www.austchilli.com.au/privacy-policy
Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how AustChilli Pty Ltd uses and protects any information that you give AustChilli Pty Ltd when you use this website.
AustChilli Pty Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
To provide you with our range of products and services, we may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
AustChilli Pty Ltd sometimes uses cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
Any personal information collected by AustChilli Pty Ltd will not be disclosed to third parties, except when you have provided written consent, the circumstances require disclosure to prevent a threat to health or life, or AustChilli Pty Ltd is authorised by law or believes it is reasonably necessary to disclose your personal information to enforce the law.
AustChilli Pty Ltd requires your personal information in order for you to be provided with services from AustChilli Pty Ltd. Any personal information provided will only be used in accordance with this objects and purposes of AustChilli Pty Ltd services. You may decline to provide such information, but if this information is not provided you may not be able to receive the full benefits of the services AustChilli Pty Ltd has to offer you.
AustChilli Pty Ltd records your personal information on its own database. This information is stored for AustChilli Pty Ltd’s benefit only and may be used to market, review, research and analyse AustChilli Pty Ltd's products and services. You may have access to your personal information or object to the use of your personal information if you provide AustChilli Pty Ltd with reasonable notice stating your objection (together with reasons for the objection), or requesting access to your personal information. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
Providing reasonable notice is given, AustChilli Pty Ltd will make good faith efforts to remove your personal information from its database or provide you with access to your personal information and let you correct any data that is inaccurate and delete it, when reasonably possible.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Changes
AustChilli Pty Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 30/11/2018.
AustChilli
4496 Goodwood Rd,Bundaberg Qld 4670, Australia
P +61 7 4150 3300F +61 7 4150 3399
Contact Us
Contact Us
A diverse range of food solutions
Whether you're a food manufacturer, retailer or distributor, the AustChilli Group has a solution to suit your needs. Get in touch today to see how we can help.
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Back to top