http://www.demc.com/privacy.shtml
10 Years of Teaching Online Small Business Success!
DEMC
Home |
Company |
Topics |
Writers |
Advertise
Highlighted by Robert Allen
Compared to Seth Godin and Meg Whitman of Ebay
Library
Topics
Writers
Abbie's Columns
Services
Advertising
Free Autoresponders
Custom Leads
FAQ
About
Contact
Privacy
Manage Subscription
Privacy
Subscriber Guarantee
Our subscribers are our most important asset and we value your trust. Therefore, we are committed to protecting your personal privacy rights. To receive a free subscription to DEMC E-Magazine you will be requested to provide us with an email address. We wish to assure you that we will not misuse this information. For this purpose, we are providing you with the DEMC E-Magazine Subscriber Guarantee.
Our Subscriber Guarantee:
Your e-mail address will be used by DEMC E-Magazine to help us maintain your subscription. You may notify us of any change to your email address by emailing - mail@demc2.com
You may unsubscribe from DEMC E-Magazine at any time by sending an email with "remove" in the subject line to: mail@demc2.com
The e-mail addresses we collect may also be made available to certain third-parties who offer business-related products or services. However, we do not provide your e-mail address to any third-party company or advertiser. Instead, we use an external vendor for processing these email messages, but they will not be allowed to keep your email address for their future use. If you do not want to receive business-related third party email offers from DEMC, please send an email with "remove" in the subject line to: mail@demc2.com
You also will be given an opportunity to stop receiving business-related third party e-mail offers each time an offer is sent to you. Full instructions will appear at the bottom of each e-mail.
From time to time we may distribute group statistics collected by our system. However your personal information will not be revealed, and you will not be identifiable from the reports submitted.
We reserve the right to update this policy. Should our policy ever change, we will provide you ample time to end your subscription before any changes are instituted
Top Sellers
#1
Email Marketing Solution: List builder, follow-up manager and email
publishing tool.
#2
Advertise to DEMC E-Magazine's
30,000 subscribers for as little as $97.
#3
Get unique, targeted leads who specifically request information about
your business.