https://www.formulaboats.com/privacy-policy/
Models
Dealers
Build
Virtual Boat Show
About
Mission
History
Formula Difference
FormulaFlex Program
Dealer Locator
Boat Shows
Press Releases
Formula Gear
Photo Gallery
Virtual Tours
Videos
Formula Blog
Owners Resources
Formula Service
Brochures
NMMA Boating Safety Tips
Boat Shows
Boat Care
Owner’s Stories
Owner’s Mailings
Owner Registration
Contact
Contact Us
Request a Catalog
E-news Sign Up
Blog
Preowned
Privacy Policy
Porter, Inc. (d/b/a Formula Boats) and its affiliates appreciate your interest in our products and your visit to our web site www.formulaboats.com.
Porter, Inc. (d/b/a Formula Boats) and its affiliates respect your privacy and believe the best way to serve you on the Internet is with honesty, accountability and adherence to legal standards. We are sensitive to the issue of privacy and have structured our online activities to maximize your control over the disclosure of your own personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy supplements our general Terms and Conditions, which we also urge you to read. By using our web site, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to the web site, and your continued use of the web site indicates your agreement to the revised terms. Accordingly, we urge you to frequently review this Privacy Policy, and, if you do not agree to the terms of this or any revised policy, please exit the web site immediately.
Privacy of Children
Formula Boats encourages parents and guardians to be aware of and participate in their children’s online activities. We strictly adhere to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and will not knowingly register or otherwise collect personally identifiable information from any child under the age of 13 without the prior verifiable consent of that person’s parent or guardian.
What Information is Collected
When you place an order with Formula Boats, we ask for your name, billing address, shipping address, credit card number and expiration date and email address (“Personal Information”). Formula Boats may also collect aggregate information that is anonymous, such as your IP address (a number used to identify your computer when you are on the Internet) or the type of browser you are using (“Anonymous Information”). Formula Boats may transparently collect Anonymous Information through the use of “cookies” or by other means in order to administer and make improvements to the web site and collect demographic information useful in some way to Formula Boats and our business partners. It is always your decision whether to provide Personal Information, however, we may require this data to provide you with certain products or services.
What We Do With the Information You Provide
We use Personal Information only for the limited purposes of processing your orders and administering your account; for statistical purposes to improve the web site and related services provided to you; to administer the web site; to allow you to make a posting on the web site; to notify you of our or our business affiliates’ products, promotional events or special offers that may be of interest to you; to provide Internet security; and to meet legal requirements. Formula Boats may work with business partners who may perform functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, providing promotional materials to our users, sending e-mail, managing data, processing credit card payments or providing customer service. They have access to your Personal Information only to the extent necessary to perform their functions and may not use it for any other purpose. Other than for the specific purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information unless we obtain your prior consent or are legally compelled to do so. If you have questions about how your personal information is used, please contact us.
Your Opportunity to Opt-out of Advertising
In the event you do not wish to receive promotional email from Formula Boats, please click the “remove me from your list” link on the email we send you.
Cookies
When you visit the web site, we or a third-party advertiser may store or recognize some information on your computer in the form of a “cookie” or similar file that can help us in many ways. For example, cookies allow us to tailor our site to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers or other software, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, functionality of the web site may be severely limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the web site’s best features.
Links
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. Formula Boats is not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site, including the collection or use of your Personal Information at third party sites.
Security
Any unauthorized use of our web sites may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution. We have policies and procedures in place to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your information that we collect and maintain. All personal information is stored on our secured servers, behind a firewall at a data center with access to data strictly controlled.
Questions
If you have any concerns about privacy procedures at the Site or wish to access or modify your Personal Information, please contact us via our Formula Feedback page.
This website uses cookies to ensure you have the best user experience on our website. Accept Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.