http://www.scottfraser.com/privacy-policy
Log In  Register
Home
Empowered Path
Online Store
Contact Us
0
Your shopping cart is empty
SHOP NOW
ALL PRODUCTS
Energy & Focus CBD
Rejuvenation
Circulation
Metabolism
Energy & Focus
Calm to Rest
HOME
EMPOWERED PATH
ONLINE STORE
CONTACT US
Products for Men
Products for Women
U.K. Customers
This is the web site of EMPOWERED PRODUCTS, INC.
Our postal address is:
3367 W. Oquendo Road
Las Vegas, NV 89118
We can be reached via e-mail at webmaster@scottfraser.com or you can reach us by telephone toll-free at 1-800-929-0407.
Information we collect:
scottfraser.com collects information regarding a user's operating environment (browser, operating system, screen resolution), to help make our website more user-friendly, that is, simpler to use for our customers. This information is complemented by the use of Google Analytics to further improve our web site for our customers.
scottfraser.com also collects voluntary data from our customers for several purposes:
Orders. To ensure
proper billing and shipping, we collect various information during account
registration and orders.
Sample
Requests. To ensure proper shipping, we collect various information during sample
request registration form.
Product
Reviews.
Customers may submit reviews anonymously or by name for individual
products throughout our store. We do not store any information in
connection with an account or email address with product reviews.
Other. We collect
information on other forms such as surveys and our contact form.
We do not sell or share your information with anyone else.
How we use the information we collect:
The information we collect through statistics (browsers, operating environments, screen size) is used to help design our website to better serve our customers. This information may help in the decision of visual design and features.
Email addresses collected through the sample request sign-up is used solely for email campaigns. Each email is sent from "Empowered Products" as the From name, and customerservice@scottfraser.com as the From address.
What we do not collect:
Our web logs do store information about the computer (not the person) with each request (each page you view). We do not employ any third-party services to collect information, other than stated above with regards to Google Analytics, which tracks anonymous statistics such as browser, screen size, colors, operating environments, and which pages you visit.
Information that can be identified with you:
Information that scottfraser.com collects for security purposes can be identified with accounts when users are logged in or associated with their email address. Specifically, these actions are, among others:
Checkout
process. When you provide your billing, shipping and credit card
information, as well as placing your final order.
Further privacy policy information:
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by calling us at the above telephone number. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
With respect to security:
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at webmaster@scottfraser.com.
Home
Empowered Path
Introduction
7 Sacred Questions
Products & Courses
- Perfect Health
- Empowered-ME
- Pink Happy Pack
Walk the Path
Our Brands
Empowered-ME
PINK for Women
Gun Oil for Men
Shop Online
Empowered Path Store
Shop PINK
Shop Gun Oil
Our UK Store
Contact Us
© 1998 - 2020 Empowered Products, Inc.
All claims valid only in the U.S.
Privacy Policy