http://www.marly.com/en/privacy
HomeAbout MarlySalespointsExportFAQ MarlyUsed Car ReconditioningMotoroilsMotoroil ClassificationCar AdditivesDiesel AdditivesGasoline AdditivesOil AdditivesCooling and TransmissionAbout GraphiteCar CareCar Cleaning TipsZenox®Why Zenox®Zenox® TechnologyFacts & FiguresProsULTRA CleanersULTRA ConditionersWx² Nanotec®Bike ProductsStore
Search
-HomeAbout MarlySalespointsExportFAQ MarlyUsed Car Reconditioning+MotoroilsMotoroil Classification+Car AdditivesDiesel AdditivesGasoline AdditivesOil AdditivesCooling and TransmissionAbout Graphite+Car CareCar Cleaning Tips+Zenox®Why Zenox®Zenox® TechnologyFacts & Figures+ProsULTRA CleanersULTRA ConditionersWx² Nanotec®Bike ProductsStore
Privacy Statement
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly site, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly collects personally identifiable information, such as your email
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used by High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly
does not read any of your private online communications.
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly
and High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly collects and uses your personal information to operate the High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly and its affiliates. High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly, in order to determine what High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly pages, or
register with High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly site or services, a cookie helps High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact High Performance Additives Motoroils - Marly at fprati@wsiluxembourg.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Copyright © Marly
|
Privacy Statement
|
Terms Of Use