https://www.solwayfeeders.com/privacy/
Go to content
Go to navigation
Sign in
GBP (£)
EUR (€)
USD ($)
Basket (0)
HomeAboutMembershipsContactRequest a BrochureNews and adviceHandy tipsGame AttractantsGame BirdsGeneral News Gun DogsIncubationPoultrySmallholdingsVermin ControlDeliveryReturnsClearance Sale
Poultry & Game Feeders
Poultry & Game Drinkers
Vermin Control, Lamps & Torches, Batteries & Chargers
Housing, Incubation & Brooders
Plucking & Crowning Machines
Processing & Wrapping
Health, Hygiene & Bird ID
Electric Fencing, Netting and Pen Construction
Gamekeeping Accessories
Pigeons, Gardening and Wild Birds
Outdoor & Leisure
Footwear and Clothing
Featured products
Special offers
New products
Clearance Sale
Privacy Policy
SOLWAY FEEDERS LTD WILL NOT COLLECT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT INDIVIDUALS, EXCEPT WHERE IT IS SPECIFICALLY AND KNOWINGLY PROVIDED BY THEM.
Solway Feeders Ltd is committed to protecting our customers' privacy, we are entirely open about the information we gather. Please take time to review this notice which states how our privacy policy sets out the basis on which any Personal Data we collect from you or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your Personal Data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.solwayfeeders.com you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.We will not collect any information about you unless it has been specifically and knowingly supplied by you.
PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
This User Privacy Policy was last updated on 11th April 2018. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time and you should check regularly for any changes which will appear in this section. This Policy explains our privacy and information practices for our website and related services. This Policy describes the types of information collected, how that information is used and disclosed, and how you can access, modify, or delete your information.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU
Through our online services we collect information about our customers via email newsletter requests, order forms, via emails, telephone calls, forms you fill in on our site, social media functions on our site, and via cookies. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, credit card information, personal description and photographs.
A cookie is a file that your web browser places on your computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings. Please note cookies do not store any credit/debit card information or password details.
Where we send you information electronically, we review the communication to make sure that our communications are useful for you.The Solway Feeders Ltd website uses SagePay, PayPal and industry-standard SSL protocols to provide secure credit card and payment transactions. When you place an order, your credit/debit card information is encrypted and then sent over the internet, no one can read or access the data that is being transmitted.
For us to process your order over the telephone, we need to know your name, email address (optional), address the card is registered to, delivery address, credit/debit card number, security code and expiry date and a telephone number (preferably a mobile number, or email address, to enable the couriers to contact you regarding deliveries). We process card payments for telesales via SagePay and no card details are retained once the transaction has been completed.
Solway Feeders Ltd are committed to protecting the privacy of children aged 16 years or under. If you are aged 16 years or under, please obtain your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with any personal information.
Solway Feeders Ltd takes the risk of internet fraud very seriously. With internet fraud increasing, Solway Feeders Ltd makes every effort to ensure all orders are thoroughly checked using the information already supplied, we may contact you to make additional security checks and ask for your co-operation to enable us to complete them. Solway Feeders Ltd does not tolerate fraudulent transactions and all such transactions will be reported to the relevant authorities.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
We may use and process the information you have provided for the purposes outlined below as well as for any purposes specified at the time of collection:
We may use information held about you as follows:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and Solway Feeders Ltd and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about.
If your data is transferred outside the EU, it will be done to allow us to perform any contractual obligations required to provide the products or services you have requested from us.
To notify you about changes to our service.
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
We will use the information we collect from you:
To fulfil a contract by providing the relevant online service or information which you have requested, such as fulfilling your order.
To deal with your enquiries.
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, research, and statistical purposes.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
As part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may be of interest.
To pursue our business interests to collect statistics, traffic patterns and related website information, including data analytics.
If you consent, we may use your information to contact you via email, SMS or social media channels about our new developments and any other information we think may be of interest to you.
To put your email data in a marketing database that is used to send you email marketing if you have given us permission to do so. You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the 'unsubscribe' link in the email.
We may pass on your details where, acting in good faith, we believe disclosure is necessary to assist in the investigation or reporting of suspected illegal or other wrongful activity. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
To protect and defend our rights or property.
To deal with any misuse of any online services.
That we may enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements with third parties.
We may disclose your Personal Data to third party data processers who may process data on our behalf to enable us to carry out our usual business practices.
We will never sell your information or disclose it to third parties who are not directly associated with our business practises.
DATA RETENTION
We retain the information we collect for as long as necessary to provide the services, including guarantees and any other products and services you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements.
YOUR RIGHTS
When you use our online services and provide us with your Personal Data you are agreeing that we may use your Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to opt out of receiving any marketing information which we send you.
If our processing of Personal Data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent for future processing at any time by contacting us. Please note however, that we may still be entitled to process your Personal Data if we have another legitimate reason (other than consent) for doing so.
You have the right to obtain information regarding the processing of your Personal Data and access to the Personal Data which we hold about you. We will provide this within 1 month of the request.
You have the right to request that we correct your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or incomplete. We will correct any inaccuracies you report as soon as reasonably possible.
You have the right to request that we erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances. Please note that there may be circumstances where you ask us to erase your Personal Data but we are legally entitled to retain it, this will be explained at the time of your request.
You have the right to request that we restrict our processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances. Again, there may be circumstances where you ask us to restrict our processing of your Personal Data but we are legally entitled to refuse that request.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with your Data Protection Authority. In the U.K, this is the Information Commissioner's Office.
If you wish to opt out of the marketing we send you, please contact: mail@solwayfeeders.co.uk
If you wish for further information, or wish to exercise any other right, please visit: www.gov.uk/data-protection
HOW WE USE COOKIES.
Cookies are small files which are sent by websites and stored on your device. They collect information being used by those accessing it and allow websites to remember information. More information about cookies can be found at www.whatarecookies.comSolway Feeders cookie policy and how we use them can be found at https://www.solwayfeeders.com/cookies/
Or click the link at the bottom of the home page.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contactors, to accomplish any contract that we may have with you (or them).
In order to comply with any legal obligation that we may have.
To apply our terms and conditions of supply such as a product guarantee.
Analytics or search engine providers that assist us with the organisation and improvement of our web site.
In order to maintain the safety of Solway Feeders Ltd, its customers and others. This would include sharing information with organisations and companies for credit risk assessment, protection and fraud prevention.
HOW TO CONTACT US:
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy should be addressed to:
Mail: Solway Feeders Ltd, Main Street, Dundrennan, Kirkcudbright DG6 4QH. Email:  mail@solwayfeeders.co.ukTelephone: 01557 500253Fax: 01557500652
Need Help?
Call us on +44 (0)1557 500 253 Or send your enquiry
View special offers
View new products
Request brochure
Get the Newsletter
SitemapTermsPrivacyDeliveryReturnsCookies
Registration no: SC154989Registered at: 123 Irish Street, Dumfries DG1 2PE
Bespoke ecommerce by Mercurytide
www.solwayfeeders.com
would like to store information (cookies) on your computer.
By continuing to use this site, you consent to this.
More info