http://www.cyberbond1.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Request Info
Adhesives
Adhesive Properties
Glue Solutions
Industry Applications
Equipment & Packaging
Request Info
Visit H.B. Fuller
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cyberbond L.L.C. is committed to protecting online user
privacy. In order to ensure your privacy, information Cyberbond L.L.C. collects through our web site at www.cyberbond1.com ("Site")
is used only in the manner and for the purposes described in this
Cyberbond L.L.C. Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy.")
User Consent to Privacy Policy
Any
person accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Site, either
manually or via an automated device or program, shall be considered a
"User." All Users are bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. Users
consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of personally
identifiable User information ("Information") pursuant to the terms of
this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected from Users
Cyberbond L.L.C. collects the email address of Users that email a
question or comment to Cyberbond L.L.C. or submit a customer
review.
Cyberbond L.L.C. collects the billing and
shipping addresses, including relevant e-mail, phone and credit card
numbers and expiration dates of Users who purchase a product from
Cyberbond L.L.C. through the Site. This includes Users who
register to become Cyberbond L.L.C. members or enter any Cyberbond L.L.C. contests or other promotional features available on the
Site.
Through the use of "cookies" (For more
information regarding Cookies, see below), Cyberbond L.L.C. may
collect and store anonymous information relating to Users' browsing
patterns, including, for instance, the User's browser version, site
referral information, IP address, operating system, and other technical
Site use information.
Cookies
The Site uses a
feature of Internet Web browsers called a Cookie, which is a file that
a User's Web browser places on a User's computer's hard drive, to
assign an identification code to the computer and to collect anonymous
browsing information. On this Site, cookies are used in conjunction
with session variables to track a User's shopping cart and expire as
soon as an order is completed or if a shopping cart sits idle for a
lengthy period without being checked-out.
Cyberbond L.L.C. does not use Cookies to retrieve Information about Users from a
User's computer unless the User knowingly and willingly provided such
Information.
You may set your Internet
Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to prevent
cookies from being sent. If you prevent a cookie from being sent, you
may limit the functionality Cyberbond L.L.C. can provide you when
you visit the Site, especially when purchasing an item on the Site.
Use of Information
Cyberbond L.L.C. uses the Information collected from its Users to:
Respond to Users' questions or comments;
Administer a User's contest entry or entry in other promotional feature;
Fulfill a User's purchase request and notify Users of their order status; and
Provide
Users with important functionality changes to the Site, new Cyberbond L.L.C. services and special offers we think you will find
valuable.
Disclosure of Information to Third
Parties
Unless
we have your consent or except as required or permitted by law, Cyberbond L.L.C. will not sell, share, trade or give away any Information
that it collects or receives regarding its Users.
Cyberbond L.L.C. may disclose information about our Users to others if we
have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal
process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or
safety of Cyberbond L.L.C. or others. Cyberbond L.L.C. may
disclose Information to third party in the event that a third party
acquires Cyberbond L.L.C. or its assets. (See, Sale or
Acquisition section below.)
Linked Internet Web Sites
The
Site may provide hyperlinks, which are highlighted words or pictures
within a hypertext document that, when clicked, take you to another
place within the document, to another document altogether, or may take
you to a third party website not controlled by Cyberbond L.L.C.. These
hyperlinked third party websites may collect and disclose Information
different than this Site. Cyberbond L.L.C. is not responsible for
the collection, use, or disclosure of information collected through
these web sites, and Cyberbond L.L.C. expressly disclaims any and
all liability related to such collection, use, or disclosure.
Children
The
Cyberbond L.L.C. Site is not directed towards children under 18
years of age and Cyberbond L.L.C. does not knowingly collect any
information from children under 18 years of age through the Site.
Security
Cyberbond L.L.C. has security measures to protect against the loss,
misuse, and alteration of the Information under our control, including
credit card information that is submitted to Cyberbond L.L.C.
When Users place orders or access their account information, the Site
uses secure server software (SSL), which encrypts all information
Users' input before it is sent to us. Thus, we have taken steps to
protect the Information we collect from you from unauthorized access.
Unfortunately, no system is perfect; therefore, Cyberbond L.L.C.
makes no representations or warranties with regard to the sufficiency
of these security measures. Cyberbond L.L.C. shall not be
responsible for any actual or consequential damages that result from a
lapse in compliance with this Privacy Policy because of a security
breach or technical malfunction.
Sale or Acquisition
In the event that another company acquires Cyberbond L.L.C. or
all or part of its assets, we reserve the right to include Information
among the assets transferred to the acquiring company.
Applicable Law/International Issues
Information that is submitted to this Site will be collected,
processed, stored, disclosed and disposed of in accordance with
applicable U.S. law. If you are a non-U.S. User, you acknowledge and
agree that we may collect and use your Information, as discussed above,
outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, such Information may
be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction. U.S.
law may not provide the degree of protection for Information that is
available in other countries. By providing us with your Information,
you acknowledge that your have read this Privacy Policy, understand it,
agree to its terms and consent to the transfer of such Information
outside your resident jurisdiction. If you do not consent to the terms
of this Policy, please do not use this Site, but if you have already
provided us with Information, please contact us and let us know how you
would like us to handle such information.
Amendments
to Privacy Policy
Cyberbond L.L.C. reserves the right to
amend this Privacy Policy periodically.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy · Site Map · Page Top · Looking for DELO?
© 2013 - 2020. Cyberbond L.L.C. All Rights Reserved.