https://www.hypax.com.sg/privacy-policy/
Toggle Navigation
Home
ProductsHYFASTAbout Us
Contact Us
Login
Register
Product Finder
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Search By
Product Dimensions
Operating Conditions
Type of Seal
Product / Part Number
Product Category
-- Any Category --
ROD & PISTON SEAL
ROD SEAL
PISTON SEAL
WIPER
DOUBLE ACTING
V RINGS
QUAD RING (X-RING)
T-SEAL
BACK-UP RING
O-RING
OIL SEAL
Product / Part Number
-- Any Brand --
BUSAK+SHAMBAN
DLI SEALS
GAPI
HALLITE
HYPAX
KGD
MERKEL
SKF
PARKER
POLYPAC
SAKAGAMI
SIMRIT
TRELLEBORG SEALING SOLUTION
VALQUA
NOK
Size options
-- Select Sizes --
AS-Series
Material options
-- Select Materials --
X
Search result
Metric
Inch
Inner Diameter
mm
inch
Outer Diameter
mm
inch
Seal Height
mm
inch
Groove Height
mm
inch
Thickness
mm
inch
Box Type
Caterpillar
Komatsu
Hitachi
Kobelco
Operating Pressure
PSI
BAR
Max
Operating Temperature
°C
°F
Min
Max
Min
Max
Application
Both
Hydraulic
Pneumatic
None
Type
Both
Piston
Rod
None
Reset
Search
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We take our customers privacy seriously and we will only collect and use your personal information as outlined below.
Collection of Personal information
At Hypax, we do not sell or release any personal information about our customers to third parties. Personal information collected online will only be disclosed within our corporate group for internal use and to enhance your online experiences.
When you create a Hypax Online account the personal information we collect may include your:
• Name
• NRIC / Passport No.
• Company Name
• Company Address
• Date of Birth
• Gender
• Home Address
• Office Address
• Email Address
• Telephone Number
• Mobile Number
• Office Number
The personal information we collect from you will be used in some or all of the following ways:
• To provide you with relevant product information
• To process your orders and to provide you with the services and information offered through our website and which you request
• We will use the information you provide to administer your account with us; verify and carry out financial transactions in relation to payments you make online; audit the downloading of data from our website; improve the layout and/or content of the pages of our website and customise them for users; identify visitors on our website; carry out research on our users’ demographics; send you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us, including information about our products and services, provided you have indicated that you have not objected to being contacted for these purposes
When you register as a user on Hypax website, we will also use your personal information to send you marketing and/or promotional materials from time to time. You can unsubscribe from marketing information at anytime by using the unsubscribe function within the electronic marketing material.
You undertake to treat the personal access data confidentially and not make it available to unauthorised third parties. We cannot assume any liability for misuse of passwords unless this misuse is our fault.
Other Information collected by cookies
We may collect some information when you visit our website, such as your IP address (computer's network address), the time and date of your visit and purchases. This information may be collected through the use of "cookies".
Cookies are automatic identifiers and to help optimize your online experience. It is a small files stored on your hard drive containing information about you. It enables our systems to recognize your browser and provide certain features. For example, we use cookies to customize our home page for you and to better display pages according to your browser type. By allowing cookies setting, you will have the option not to re-key in your password or email address again in your next visit, thus saving previous time.
We do not store any financial information about our customers using cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but will also allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. We would like to reiterate that information collected is strictly confidential and will not be released to any third party for any commercial purpose.
Updating Your Personal Information
You may instruct us to permanently remove all personal information stored by Hypax Online at any time by contacting us via email or phone. Upon such request, we will delete all your personal information and will terminate your account with immediate effect. You may also change or update your personal information such as your addresses by accessing your account on Hypax Online.
Security of Your Personal Information
Hypax Online ensures that all information collected will be safely and securely stored. We protect your personal information by:
• Restricting access to personal information
• Maintaining technology products to prevent unauthorized computer access
• Securely destroying your personal information when it's no longer needed for our record retention purposes
Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not share your information with any other organizations other than related companies. In exceptional circumstances Hypax Online may be required to disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with that law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this website.
Collection of Computer Data
When you visit Hypax Online, our company servers will automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. This data may include:
• Your computer's IP address
• Browser type
• Webpage you were visiting before you came to our site
• The pages within Hypax Online which you visit
• The time spent on those pages, items and information searched for on our site, access times and dates, and other statistics.
This information is collected for analysis and evaluation in order to help us improve our site and the services and products we provide. This data will not be used in association with any other personal information.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Hypax Online reserves the right to modify and change the Privacy Statement at any time. Any changes to this policy will be published on our site.