http://www.satellitehealth.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We recognize that you may be concerned about our use and disclosure of
your personal information. Your privacy is very important to us, and the
following will inform you of the information that we, Satellite Healthcare,
Inc, may collect from you, and how it is used. By using our website, www.satellitehealth.com,
you are accepting the practices described in this policy.
Information Collection
We may collect non-personal information, such as a domain name and IP Address.
The domain name and IP address reveals nothing personal about you other
than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We may also
collect information about the type of Internet browser you are using,
operating system, what brought you to our Website, as well as which of
our Web pages you have accessed.
Additionally, if you communicate with us regarding our Website or our services,
we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication.
We may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials,
new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Information Use
We use the collected information primarily for our own internal purposes,
such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our services
and Website, fulfilling requests for information, and providing customer support.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information
submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
If we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information
is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this
by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or
looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online,
we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the
information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer
service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The
computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information
are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored
on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our
site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use
a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more
than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable
us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience
on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable
information on our site.
Sharing
We will not sell or otherwise provide the information we collect to outside
third parties for the purpose of direct or indirect mass email marketing.
We will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required
by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and
conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on
our company
Protect and defend the rights or property of our Website and related properties
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties,
or otherwise misusing our Website or its related properties
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information
online - for example through e-mail, discussion boards, or elsewhere -
that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you
post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you
may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your
personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
Links
This Website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we
are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other
sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and
to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally
identifiable information.
Third Party Use of Information (Google Analytics Tracking, AdWords, Facebook
Advertising)
Some of the services and advertisements included on our website and in
our services are delivered or served by third-party companies, which may
collect information about your use of our services. These companies may
place or recognize cookies, Web beacons, or other technology to track
certain non-personal information from our website users. For example,
in the course of serving certain advertisements, an advertiser may place
or recognize a unique cookie on your browser in order to collect certain
information about your use of our services. For another example, an advertiser
or ad server may also be able to collect your device’s unique identifier
in the course of serving an ad. In many cases, this information could
be used to show you ads on other websites based on your interests. We
may control or have access to these third parties’ use of cookies
or other tracking technologies or how they may be used. We use Google
Analytics to understand the way that visitors to our website interact
with it. We have enabled the following Google Analytics advertising features:
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data for advertising
purposes, including the collection of data via advertising cookies and
identifiers.
We use Google AdWords re-marketing technology to market our website throughout
the Internet. We place a cookie on your browser, and Google reads these
cookies and may serve an ad on third-party website, after you have visited
our website. If you do not want information collected through the use
of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows a
customer to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, as aforementioned,
you should note that the cookies may be necessary for a user to access
and use certain features available on our website. You may opt out of
Google Analytics tracking by installing the
Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On. You may opt out of ad serving on
Google’s opt-out page. We also utilize Facebook Advertising re-marketing technology to market
our website throughout the Internet. Facebook may use cookies, web beacons,
and similar technologies to collect or receive information from our website
and other websites using that information to provide measurement services
and ad targeting. You can opt out of the collection and use of information
for ad targeting by following
Facebook's published opt-out instructions.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys or contests.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and
you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this
information. Information requested may include contact information (such
as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip
code, age). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and
award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring
or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Consent
By using this Website, you consent to the collection and use of information
as specified above. If we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will
post those changes on this page. Please review this page frequently to
remain up-to-date with the information we collect, how we use it, and
under what circumstances we disclose it. You must review the new Privacy
Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should
contact us immediately via telephone at
(650) 830-7954 or via mail Attn: Privacy Officer, 300 Santana Row, Suite
300, San Jose, CA 95128.
Notice of Privacy Practices - English
Notice of Privacy Practices - Spanish
Find a Dialysis Center
For Patients & Families
Satellite WellBound
Find a Location
Find a Dialysis Center Near You
Search within
10
25
50
100
250
Miles
or Search by city
Find a Center
Satellite Healthcare Blossom Valley
Satellite Healthcare Capitola
Satellite Healthcare Central Modesto
Satellite Healthcare Ceres
Satellite Healthcare Daly City
Satellite Healthcare East San Jose
Satellite Healthcare Evergreen
Satellite Healthcare Folsom
Satellite Healthcare Geary
Satellite Healthcare Gilroy
Satellite Healthcare Jamestown
Satellite Healthcare Katella Orange
Satellite Healthcare Laguna Hills
Satellite Healthcare Larkspur
Satellite Healthcare Los Gatos
Satellite Healthcare Menlo Park
Satellite Healthcare Merced
Satellite Healthcare Milpitas
Satellite Healthcare Modesto
Satellite Healthcare Morgan Hill
Satellite Healthcare Mountain View
Satellite Healthcare North Modesto
Satellite Healthcare Oakland
Satellite Healthcare Orange
Satellite Healthcare Rohnert Park
Satellite Healthcare Sacramento
Satellite Healthcare San Carlos
Satellite Healthcare San Francisco
Satellite Healthcare San Jose
Satellite Healthcare San Leandro
Satellite Healthcare San Mateo
Satellite Healthcare Santa Rosa
Satellite Healthcare Santa Teresa
Satellite Healthcare Silver Creek
Satellite Healthcare South Gate
Satellite Healthcare South San Francisco
Satellite Healthcare South San Jose
Satellite Healthcare Stevens Creek
Satellite Healthcare Stockton
Satellite Healthcare Sunnyvale
Satellite Healthcare Tracy
Satellite Healthcare Tracy North
Satellite Healthcare Turlock
Satellite Healthcare University Park
Satellite Healthcare Vallejo
Satellite Healthcare Watsonville
Satellite Healthcare West San Leandro
Satellite Healthcare West Turlock
Satellite Healthcare White Road
Satellite Healthcare Windsor
WellBound Daly City
WellBound Emeryville
Wellbound Fremont
WellBound Milpitas
WellBound Modesto
Wellbound Mountain View
WellBound North Modesto
WellBound Sacramento
WellBound Sacramento University
WellBound San Francisco
WellBound San Jose
WellBound San Leandro
WellBound San Mateo
WellBound Santa Cruz
WellBound Santa Rosa
WellBound Stockton
WellBound Vallejo
WellBound Cherry Hill
Satellite Healthcare Chickasaw Gardens
Satellite Healthcare Pace Road
Satellite Healthcare Poplar Avenue
Satellite Healthcare South Germantown
WellBound Memphis
Satellite Healthcare Austin
Satellite Healthcare Kyle
Satellite Healthcare Mueller
Satellite Healthcare North Laredo
Satellite Healthcare Round Rock
Satellite Healthcare South Austin
Satellite Healthcare South Laredo
Satellite Healthcare Southeast Laredo
Satellite Healthcare Southwood
WellBound Austin
WellBound South Austin
Satellite Healthcare doesn't appear to service that area, please call us
at (650) 830-7954 to see how we can help!