http://www.blueriverdigital.com/forms_and_policies/privacyPolicy.aspx
Privacy Policy
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT, AND HOW DO WE USE IT?
When you place an order with Blue River Digital, we ask for your name, email address, telephone number, mailing address; and if paying with credit card, your credit card number, expiration date, CVV number, and credit card statement address. These enable us to process and fulfill your order, verify your payment information, and to notify you of your order status.
HOW DO WE PROTECT CUSTOMER INFORMATION?
When you place orders on our website, we provide the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts the information you input before it is sent to the Web server. Credit card numbers are encrypted multiple times with SSL and additional protocols. In addition, on any page that displays your credit card number, only the last four digits are shown. Thirdly, not only are credit card numbers encrypted in transmission, they are also stored in the secure database in an encrypted format.
THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but they do not have our permission to use it for other purposes. Blue River Digital Inc. does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. This information is for our private records only.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE CAPTURE ABOUT VISITORS TO OUR WEB SITE?
For visitors to our website, we are able to log the referring URL (the website from which the visitor came directly to our site), the browser and version used (eg. Internet Explorer 7.0), and whether or not this is the first visit to our website from this appliance. This information is gathered for the purposes of improving our website and customer research only.
PROTECTION OF BLUE RIVER DIGITAL INC. AND OTHERS
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Blue River Digital Inc., our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. This does not, however, include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this privacy notice.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, you may contact us toll-free at (800) 706-4276.
Thank you,
Blue River Digital Inc.