http://www.richmondgear.com/privacy-policy
Quick Search
Search
Vehicle Search
(All years)
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
(All makes)
(All models)
(All engine sizes)
(All part types)
(All positions)
(All differential models)
Search
Direct Search by Differential Model
(All differential models)
63-79 Corvette
AMC 20
Chrysler 11.5
Chrysler 8.25
Chrysler 8.375
Chrysler 8.75
Chrysler 9.25
Chrysler H198
Chrysler H215
Dana 30
Dana 35
Dana 44
Dana 60
Dana 70
Dana 70HD
Dana 70U
Dana 80
Ford 10.25
Ford 10.5
Ford 7.5
Ford 8
Ford 8.8
Ford 9
Ford 9.5
Ford 9.75
Ford Super 8.8
GM 10.5
GM 11.5
GM 7.5
GM 7.6 IFS
GM 7.625
GM 8.2
GM 8.25 IFS
GM 8.3
GM 8.5
GM 8.625
GM 8.875 Car
GM 8.875 Truck
GM 9.25
GM 9.5
Toyota 7.5 Reverse
Toyota 7.5 Standard
Toyota 8
Toyota 8 IFS
Toyota 8.2
Toyota 8.4
Toyota 9.5
(All part types)
Search
Privacy PolicyMidwest Truck & Auto Parks, Inc. (“Midwest”) respects your privacy.  In addition to providing numerous privacy features, Midwest has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate in writing our firm commitment to privacy. In particular, this Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices with regard to information about you that could reasonably be used to identify you personally or that is associated with information that identifies you (“Personal Information”).
Please take a moment to review the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Please note that certain features or services discussed in this Privacy Policy may not be offered at any particular time.
Scope of this Policy
This policy applies to the website and any related sites operated by Midwest that post a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively “the Sites”). It is Midwest’s policy to comply with data protection legislation. This regulates the processing of information relating to you and grants you various rights in respect of your personal data. The Sites contain links to or from other websites or third parties over which we have no control.
Midwest processes Personal Information as a Controller as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).  The Controller is the entity (or legal person) with whom you provide your Personal Information and which determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Information.  A Processor is the entity (or legal person) that processes the Personal Information on behalf of a Controller.  Midwest is not responsible for the privacy policies, content or practices of third parties or other websites to which you choose to link from the Sites.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other websites and third parties so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information.
Type of Information We Collect
We collect Personal Information only when provided by you, to fulfill our legitimate purposes and/or comply with applicable laws and regulations.  We collect the following general types of information about you when you provide it to us directly or visit our Sites: Personal Information, demographic information, behavioral information and indirect information. Sometimes we collect combinations of all these types of information. In each case, it is indicated on the Sites whether any personal or demographic data must be provided to use the requested service or not.  [This is typically done where user has to input information into data fields].
Personal Information is information that can be used to identify you, or any other individual to whom the information may relate, personally. We do not collect Personal Information unless you choose to log into the Sites or otherwise provide it to us (e.g., by submitting a request for information or signing up for updates, newsletters or other information). Some examples of Personal Information that we may collect in some areas of our Sites, depending on the services you use and local law, are: your name; address; e-mail address; telephone number; contact information; and login credentials.  If you log into the EZ-LINK site, please review the privacy policy associated with that site for how your information is collected and handled.
Demographic information is information that is not unique to you in the sense that it refers to selected population characteristics, such as your ZIP code or postal code.
Midwest also collects, or logs, certain other information that cannot identify you personally when you visit our Sites. This information includes your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, any websites from which you accessed the Sites, and your domain name. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by the ISP computer through which you access the web.  Midwest may log these IP addresses and domain names and aggregate them for system administration and to monitor the use of our Sites. We may use the aggregated information to measure the number of visits to our Sites, the average time spent on our Sites, the number of pages viewed, and various other site use statistics. This monitoring helps us evaluate how our Sites are used and continuously improve the content we provide.
How Information is Used
Personal Information may be disclosed to trusted persons working together with Midwest in connection with the operation of the Sites. Examples include third parties who assist in hosting our web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and providing customer service. We also may share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to the Sites with third parties so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the Sites and how those visitors use the Sites.
By logging into the Sites, or expressly opting in when presented with choices, you have consented for us to use your information, subject to local law, in at least the following ways: to create a profile for you based on information that you have provided to us; to contact you about any Sites’ updates, informational and service-related communications, including important security updates; to provide you additional communications, information, and promotions such as newsletters; to inform you of other products or services available from Midwest or its affiliates; to enable you to contact us and for us to respond to you; and to generate internal reports about the use of our Sites.
We disclose information if legally required to do so or if requested to do so by a governmental entity.  Because Midwest is a US company and information collected on our Sites is stored in whole or in part in the United States, your information will be transferred to the United States and become subject to U.S. law. By using the Sites, you consent to this transfer.
We may disclose such information in connection with the collection of any debts owed by you to Midwest.
We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of Midwest’s business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event Midwest becomes the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, Midwest or its liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the court.
In each of these situations, the recipients of your data may potentially be located in countries whose data protection legislation is different from your country. If you are a resident in any EU member state, for example, you must be aware that the EU authorities do not generally consider that the regulations of non-EU countries ensure an adequate or equivalent level of protection as compared to the EU data protection regulations.
Our collection, storage and use of your Personal Information, and the processing by a Processor of your Personal Information, shall be governed by the Privacy Policy and, for residents of EU members states, the GDPR.
Changes/Modifications
You may have access to, review, correct, update, restrict the use of, change or delete your account profile information or other Personal Information with Midwest at any time.  Such steps may be done by logging into the Sites and following the instructions therein, if available, or by contacting Midwest at privacy@Midwesttruck.com. You also may obtain, upon request, the Personal Information you provided to us in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format.  Before providing you with a copy of your Personal Information or correcting, updating or deleting such information, we reserve the right to verify and authenticate your identity and the Personal Information to which you have requested access.
Please note that in accordance with our routine corporate record keeping practices, we may delete certain records that contain your Personal Information. Particularly, any Personal Information that is no longer needed for the purposes specified herein will be deleted.
If you delete or close your account or account profile information with Midwest altogether, Midwest may retain an archival copy which is not accessible by you or third parties on the Internet. The archival copy is retained only for as long as Midwest reasonably considers necessary for audit and record purposes. We will retain logs, demographic, indirect, and statistical information about you and keep an archival copy of this information in an anonymous form. If your Personal Information was previously accessed by others using our Sites, we are not able to delete the information or copies thereof from their systems.
How Long We Keep Personal Information
Typically, we keep Personal Information for the length of any contractual or consensual relationship and, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, after the end of that relationship for as long as necessary to perform purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, to protect Midwest from legal claims and administer our business. When we no longer need to use Personal Information, we will delete it from our systems and records or take steps to anonymize the data unless we need to keep it longer to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Other Important Information
Security
You are responsible for ensuring that your log-in credentials (your User ID and password) are kept confidential. Midwest has implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. Notwithstanding such measures, the Internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your Personal Information for improper purposes. Please consider this prior to submitting your Personal Information to us via the Sites.
We may also use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies, pixel tags, local and browser web storage, databases, scripts and web beacons to administer our Sites and deliver a personalized experience.
Children’s Privacy
The Sites are not intended for children under 16, and Personal Information from children under 16 will not knowingly be collected. Children’s privacy is a serious matter and parents are encouraged to play an active role in their children’s online experience at all times.
Use of Various Technologies and Third Party Providers
*Cookies: Midwest uses “cookies” to help personalize and maximize your online experience and time online. A cookie is a text file that is either stored in your computer’s memory temporarily or placed on your hard drive by a Web page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
When you return to the Sites, cookies enable us to retrieve the information you previously provided, so you can easily use the features that you customized. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. For example, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (such as User ID, password and preferences).
Most cookies expire after a defined period of time or you can delete cookie files stored on your computer any time. While most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, you can reset your Web browser to refuse cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being set. However, if you choose to decline cookies, that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the Sites. For example, without cookies, you will not be able to set personal preferences and may have difficulty completing financial transactions.
We may allow third party cookies as part of online advertising campaigns to determine and track site traffic landing from Midwest’s advertising banners that have been placed on the websites of third parties. The data collected via these cookies is anonymous and the information is not linked to your personally identifiable information without your permission.
*Web Beacons: Midwest’s Sites may also contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited those web pages and to deliver co-branded services. Web beacons are not used to access your Personal Information; they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about our Sites’ usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. Because Web beacons are the same as any other content request included in the recipe page, you cannot opt out or refuse them. However, they can be rendered ineffective by either opting out of cookies or changing the cookie setup in your browser.
Midwest uses analytic services providers (“Analytic Companies”) and cookies in order to improve our services, user experience and analyze how the Sites are used.  Aside from the approximate location (IP address), the information collected by the Analytic Companies is mostly anonymous traffic data including browser information, device information and language.  The information collected is used to provide an overview of how people are accessing and using the Sites.
One of the Analytic Companies is Google Analytics.  In connection with Google Analytics’ services, Midwest has implemented the code extension “anonymizeIp” which causes Google to anonymize your IP-address.  Midwest also utilizes Google Maps API.  Google is certified under the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield and Midwest concluded a data processing agreement with Google covering the processing of user data on our behalf. Further information on Google’s terms of use and data protection can be found under the following links: https://www.google.com/analytics/terms and https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Information you provide through the Sites may be aggregated into Midwest’s CRM system from Constant Contact, Inc. (“Constant Contact”).  The CRM system from Constant Contact is used to collect personal information related to sales (name, contact information, company, job title and others) in order to follow up on inquiries and sales to our customers or potential customers. We use it to collect information for sales and marketing purposes in order to make customer communications relevant and help us understand the performance of our marketing campaigns.  Constant Contact is certified under the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield and we concluded a data processing agreement with Constant Contact covering the processing of user data on our behalf.  Further information on Constant Contact’s terms of use and data protection can be found under the following links: https://www.endurance.com/privacy/privacy  and https://www.constantcontact.com/legal/terms.
Opting Out
Midwest provides users the opportunity to opt-out of or discontinue receiving communications from Midwest that are unrelated to your transactions on the Sites. If you do not desire to continue receiving such communications from Midwest, please follow the opt-out or unsubscribe link and/or instructions included in the e-mail correspondence or send your request to opt out of Midwest at unsubscribe@Midwesttruck.com. It may be necessary to contact affiliates, business partners or other third parties directly in order to cease receiving communications from those third parties.
Please note that these opt-out or unsubscribe options do not apply to communications relating to the administration of services, contracts, support or other administrative and transactional notices, where the primary purpose of these communications is not promotional in nature.
Your European and California Rights
We do not share Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to, or opt in to, such disclosure.  California customers may request further information about our compliance with California laws by e-mailing us at privacy@Midwesttruck.com.  Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address.
In accordance with Article 77 of the General Data Protection Regulation, Europeans also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or of an alleged infringement of the GDPR.
For California residents, click here to learn how we process information in accordance with California law.
Third Party Interaction
As a user of the Sites, you may interact with, purchase goods and/or services, or participate in promotions of advertisers, members, partners, or sponsors showing their goods and/or services on the Sites. Unless otherwise stated, any such interaction, purchase or promotion, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and/or services, and any other term, condition, warranty or representation associated with such correspondence, purchase or promotion, is solely between you and the applicable third party. You agree that Midwest, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees have no liability, obligation or responsibility for any such interaction, purchase or promotion between you and any such third party.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Midwest reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. Midwest will notify you about any significant changes by providing a prominent notice on the Sites. The changes will be effective as of posting on the Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes indicates your acceptance of these changes.