http://www.hcm.hitachi.com/privacy/privacy-policy.php
We use cookies to improve your experience by anonymously collecting browsing data. We do not collect personal information. Cookies can be disabled in your browser settings. For further details, please check our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
ACCEPT
1
2
3
4
Hitachi Cable America Covid-19 Information
Hitachi Cable America Covid-19 Information
Performance Cable
Hitachi’s inventiveness in high-performance cables spans across diverse industries, with in-depth knowledge and research surrounding high-performance materials, establishing our reputation with credibility and assurance.
Medical Solutions
Hitachi offers a wide range of high-performance medical products for highly demanding and critical-to-care applications within the medical field and other non-medical markets. Our products and services are the backbone for customers that require a technological advantage for their next generation devices.
Automotive Products
Hitachi stands as the leading providers of automotive cables and wireless components, hybrid eco-friendly vehicle components, safety and drive-control components, and high-performance materials.
Resource Library
Read and watch how Hitachi leverages its accumulated wealth of experience to solve the issues impacting our planet.
Corporate Profile
During our 100 years of existence, we at Hitachi, have continually evolved, adapted, and transformed to meet the ever-changing demands of the marketplace. Learn what drives us to achieve excellence in whatever we do.
Careers
Working with Hitachi gives you a broad exposure to the latest technologies, resulting in a rewarding career.
Locations & Contact
Reach us in case you need assistance in finding the right solution for your business
Page top
Hitachi Cable America
Products & Solutions
Performance Cable Systems
Automotive Components and
Materials
Medical Solutions
New Products & Literature
About Hitachi Cable
America
Corporate Profile
Employment
Opportunities
Diversity and Inclusion
Warranties
CMRT HCA
Our Locations and Group
Companies
Hitachi Cable America in
US
New York Corporate
Office
Michigan
Office
New Hampshire Plant
Rhode Island Plant
Indiana Plant
Florida Plant
HC Queretaro, S.A. de C.V.
Hitachi Metals (Tokyo HQ)
Hitachi
Metals Group Worldwide
Hitachi in North
America
News Releases
Careers
Disclaimer and copyrights
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
© Hitachi, Ltd. 2020. All rights reserved.
Close [X]
By signing up, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from Hitachi Cable of America.