https://www.idex-hs.com/contact-support/contact-us/cookie-policy/
HomeContact & SupportContact UsCookie Policy
Please enable cookies in your browser to continue.
What are Cookies?Cookies are very small temporary files that are saved to your computer that can hold information about a site that you visit. On later visits the website can read the cookie file from before and use the data to automatically log you in, keep track of shopping cart items, and other information to help use the site. We also use cookies (and similar browser data, such as Flash cookies) for fraud prevention and other purposes. If your web browser is set to refuse cookies from our website, you will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain features of our website, such as storing items in your Shopping Cart or receiving personalized recommendations. As a result, we strongly encourage you to configure your web browser to accept cookies from our website.
Review our Cookie Policy here.
Enabling CookiesInternet Explorer 11
Internet Explorer 7.x
Internet Explorer 6.x
Mozilla/Firefox
Opera 7.x
ChromeCookie PolicyOur Cookie Policy
Internet Explorer 11
Select the gear in the upper-right corner of the screen, then select Internet Options. If you have the Menu Bar enabled, you can select Tools > Internet Options.
Click on the Privacy tab.
Select the Advanced button.
Under First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies, choose one of the following:
Accept – To automatically accept cookies
Block – To automatically block cookies
Prompt – To prompt with each cookie request
You can also check Always allow session cookies if desired. Select OK when done.
Select the Sites button if you wish to set options for specific websites. Under this section, type the website in the Address of website field, then select to Block or Allow cookies on that website. Click OK when you are done.
Click OK and you have successfully set your cookie settings in IE11.
Back to Top
Internet Explorer 7.x
Start Internet Explorer
Under the Tools menu, click Internet Options
Click the Privacy tab
Click the Advanced button
Put a check mark in the box for Override Automatic Cookie Handling, put another check mark in the Always accept session cookies box
Click OK
Click OK
Restart Internet Explorer
Back to Top
Internet Explorer 6.x
Select Internet Options from the Tools menu
Click on the Privacy tab
Click the Default button (or manually slide the bar down to Medium) under Settings. Click OK
Back to Top
Mozilla/Firefox
Click on the Tools menu in Mozilla
Click on the Options item in the menu – a new window will open
Click on the Privacy selection in the left part of the window. (See image below)
Expand the Cookies section
Check the Enable cookies and Accept cookies normally checkboxes
Save changes by clicking OK
Back to Top
Opera 7.x
Click on the Tools menu in Opera
Click on the Preferences item in the menu – a new window will open
Click on the Privacy selection near the bottom left of the window. (See image below)
The Enable cookies checkbox must be checked, and Accept all cookies should be selected in the “Normal cookies” drop-down
Save changes by clicking Ok
Back to Top
Chrome
On your computer, open Chrome
At the top right, click More
Click Settings
At the bottom, click Advanced
Under “Privacy and security,” click Content settings
Click Cookies
From here, you can:
Turn on cookies: Next to Blocked, turn on the switch
Turn off cookies: Turn off Allow sites to save and read cookie data
Back to Top
IDEX Health & Science is the global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. Intelligent solutions for life.