http://www.southwire.com/legal-disclaimer
Home
Legal Disclaimer
Southwire.com Website Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last revised on and is effective as of March 6, 2019.
The web site located at http://www.southwire.com (the "Site") is owned and operated by Southwire Company, LLC ("Southwire"). At Southwire, we recognize the importance of privacy to you and are firmly committed to protecting your privacy when you visit the Site and provide information to us. As a result, we have instituted this website privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"). Southwire is providing this notice to explain how we collect, use, disclose and protect the personal information you submit to us. This Privacy Policy applies only to the use, collection and disclosure of data collected by the Site and does not apply to any data collected by us offline.
By visiting and using the Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and, if you provide us your personal information, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us any information and do not use the Site.
As used in this Privacy Policy, "we," "our" and "us" means Southwire and its affiliates.
Why does Southwire ask me to register to use parts of the Southwire Website?
In order to use certain services provided on or through the Site and view certain non-public portions of the Site, including portions that contain our proprietary business information, you must register with us, which will entail your disclosure and transmission of certain information about you. In connection with your registration, or at any time after registering, you may "opt-out" or unsubscribe from receiving any promotional communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions on the Site.
Collection of Information
In order to provide you with the Site and certain services, content and features provided on or through the Site, we may collect certain information from you or from a third party (e.g., your employer), including but not limited to the following:
Account data, such as name, email address, employer, job title or role, contact details, information contained in communications between us and you or your employer, payment information, transaction and order information, and other information relating to your account with us and our customer relationship with you.
Correspondence data, such as any information you include in a communication or inquiry to us regarding goods and services, including information you provide when you subscribe to our email notifications or newsletters.
Service data, such as shipping address, employment information, credit information, and other information relating to your use of our services, including information that you post for publication on our website or through our services.
Usage data, such as IP address, geographical information, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, and other information relating to your usage of the Site.
Use and Disclosure of Information
We may use and disclose your information for the following reasons:
to administer the Site, provide you with the services, content and features on the Site, provide you with other services, and to administer your account
to contact you in response to your inquiries, comments and suggestions and to provide support to you
to otherwise contact you, including to provide you with newsletters, notifications and other communications
to offer you goods or services that may be of interest to you
to notify you about promotions and special offers
for the specific purpose for which it was volunteered or provided, including performance of a contract
to track your use of the Site for internal purposes
to verify your identity, including to authenticate you and allow you access to your account
for our business purposes, including data analysis, to improve, personalize, optimize the Site browsing experiences by examining which parts of the Site you visit or which aspect of our services you find most useful, to identify usage trends, to provide you with support, to improve existing services or develop new products and services, and for internal business management purposes
to improve the Site and the services we promote or provide through the Site
to customize the content and/or layout of the Site for each individual visitor
to be provided to our affiliates or third parties working on our behalf in connection with the legitimate business purposes of Southwire
to generate aggregate statistical studies
for risk control and fraud detection and prevention purposes
to protect and defend the rights or property of Southwire, including if we believe such disclosure is necessary to identify, contract or bring legal action regarding injury or interference with the rights and property of Southwire, such as to enforce Southwire’s rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to Southwire’s information technology assets or against other inappropriate use of the services or the Site
to enforce this privacy policy and any other agreements between us, including the Southwire Terms and Conditions;to comply with federal, state or local laws; court orders and subpoenas or other similar requests for information by authorities; civil, criminal or regulatory investigations; or other legal requirements or contractual obligationsin connection with an acquisition, merger, restructuring, sale or other transfer involving all or any portion of the business associated with Southwire or the Sitewith our affiliateswith our insurers and/or professional advisersfor other business purposes, including those purposes described in the Southwire Privacy and Cookies Policy.
Southwire Privacy and Cookies Policy In addition to the foregoing, your use of the Site is subject to the Southwire's Privacy and Cookies Policy, which is available here.
Correction or Change of Information If you wish to correct or change any information about you that we may have collected, you can send us an email at webmaster@southwire.com. We may require other information from you in order to verify your identity. If you have registered more than one email address with us, please send us a message from each email account you use.
Changes to this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time by us in our sole discretion. Any changes will be effective upon posting of the revisions at http://www.southwire.com. We may post changes or modifications to referenced policies and guidelines without your approval, and may determine whether and when any such changes apply to you. Your use of the Site following our posting of any changes will constitute your acceptance of such changes. Should you not wish to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you can send us an email at legal@southwire.com or contact us by phone or written correspondence. Below is the contact information:
Southwire Company, LLC Attn: Legal Department, General Counsel One Southwire Drive Carrollton, GA 30119, USA Phone: 1-770-832-5375
Be sure to include your email address and telephone number with your correspondence.
General Use Restrictions Welcome to Southwire.com. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Policy govern Southwire's relationship with you in relation to this web site. The term "Southwire or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the web site whose registered office is One Southwire Drive, Carrollton, Georgia 30119. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our web site. Every effort is made to keep the web site up and running smoothly. However, Southwire takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the web site being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control. The use of this web site is subject to the following terms of use: The content of the pages of this web site is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, reliability, availability, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this web site for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this web site is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this web site meet your specific requirements. You hereby indemnify, defend, and hold us and our affiliates and our officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees harmless from and against any and all liabilities and costs incurred in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of this agreement or claims arising from your use of our web site. You shall cooperate with us in the defense of any claim. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
Copyright and Trademark Notice This Site and all of its content, including, but not limited to the design, layout, look, appearance, text and graphics and, the selection, arrangement and presentation thereof are Copyright © 2008, 2011, Southwire Company, LLC . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. The material on this Site is protected by domestic and international intellectual property laws, including, but not limited to, copyright laws.
Permission is granted to print in hard copy portions of this Site for the sole purposes of viewing, reading, retaining for reference and/or placing an order with Southwire Company, LLC. Any other use of materials on this Site, including, but not limited to, reproduction for purposes other than that noted above, modification, distribution, or republication is strictly prohibited without the express prior written permission of Southwire Company, LLC, which Southwire Company, LLC.
Southwire Company, LLC utilizes numerous trademarks, logos, trade dress and other indicia of source (collectively, “Trademarks”) in the course of its business. Many of those Trademarks appear on this Site to describe Southwire’s products and services. These Trademarks, whether appearing with the trademark symbols as ® or TM are the common law trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Southwire Company, LLC and may not be copied, imitated, duplicated, modified or otherwise used in whole or in part, without the express prior written permission of Southwire Company, LLC.. Additionally, all materials page headers, customer graphics, button icons, logos, designs and scripts that appear on this Site are the  copyrighted materials and/or service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of Southwire Company, LLC and/or its Affiliates and may not be copied, imitated, or used in whole or in part, without the express prior written permission of Southwire Company, LLC.
All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names, and company names or logos displayed on this Site which are not the property of, or licensed to, Southwire Company, LLC are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license, right or other permission in or to the Trademarks or any other materials contained on this Site without the express written permission of Southwire Company, LLC.
Requests for permission to use or otherwise reproduce the Trademarks or any other content of this Website should be directed to the Intellectual Property Counsel of Southwire Company, LLC.
Permission will only be given in a formal written agreement that is signed by an authorized representative for Southwire Company, LLC. All requests for permissions should be directed to Southwire’s Legal team via email at legal@southwire.com or write to:
Southwire Company, LLC Attn: Intellectual Property Counsel One Southwire Drive Carrollton, GA 30119, USA
Software Any computer software downloadable or otherwise available from this Site is licensed subject to the terms of the applicable license agreement. Southwire does not grant any license or other permission to use such software solely by way of visiting or using this Site. All licenses and/or permissions to use any software available through this site are granted through the specific license agreements for such software.
Southwire makes every effort to ensure that any software that may be downloaded from this Site is compatible with as many types of computers as possible, but users should take care to back up all essential software before loading any software from this Site. Southwire does not make any representations or warranties whatsoever related to the access, download or use of any software available through this Site. Any representations, warranties and other terms of use for such software are set forth in the applicable software-specific license agreements.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy and the relationship between you and Southwire Company, LLC shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia without regard to conflict of law provisions. You consent to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in federal and state courts located in and serving Carroll County, Georgia.