http://www.isa-appraisers.org/privacy-policy
International Society of Appraisers Homepage /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Section Menu
Our commitment to privacy
The International Society of Appraisers is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy as a visitor to our Web site at www.isa-appraisers.org. We take the issue of privacy very seriously and value the trust you place in us each time you use our services and access this Web site. This privacy statement describes the practices and policies we have put into place to safeguard your personal information that may be gathered and used as you visit our Web site.
These provisions may be changed from time to time and without notice at International Society of Appraisers sole discretion and as provided by applicable law. You should check this privacy statement frequently for any such changes, but, in any case, your continued access or use of the site shall constitute acceptance of any modifications of the privacy statement. If you have any questions about our privacy policies, we encourage you to contact us using any of the methods outlined at the end of our privacy statement.
Who is collecting the information?
The International Society of Appraisers is collecting information on this Web site as outlined in this privacy statement.
What information do we collect?
Automatic collection of information:
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site or download information, our system will automatically gather and store certain information about your visit. This information does not identify you personally and is used in an aggregate way to help us improve our Web site and tell us the number of visitors to our site each day.
Our Web server automatically collects and records the following information:
The visitor's domain name, but not their e-mail address.
The visitor's IP address.
Aggregate information on what pages are accessed.
The name and release number of Web browser software used.
The operating system used.
The date and time you access our site.
The address of the Web site that linked to us (referral URL).
Permission-based collection of information:
At different places on our site you may be asked to volunteer personal information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address and telephone number. We also collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail.
How do we use the information we collect?
The information we gather automatically and with your permission during your visit to our Web site is used in the following ways:
Monitor, review, measure, and analyze Web site utilization.
Modify and enhance the Web site.
Improve the content and design of our Web site.
Respond to your requests.
Distribute news and other information requested by Web visitors.
Verify your identity.
With whom will the information be shared?
We will not share any information with anyone outside of this organization.
Access and correction of personal information
Review of Personal Information: Site visitors may not access information we have collected and maintain about them.
Our children's privacy policy
Our site does not feature information and services of interest to children 13 years and under, and we do not collect personal information from anyone we know is a child under 13.
Links to other sites
Web sites often provide a number of links that offer direct access to other useful or interesting Web sites holding potential value to site visitors. Inclusion of the other sites by links does not imply any endorsement of the material or information on the other sites. Users are encouraged to review the privacy policy of each linked site before sharing personal information.
This site includes links to non-affiliated external Web sites. We encourage users to review the privacy policy of each linked site, as we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.
When you leave our site you are subject to any privacy policies posted on the corresponding website and our privacy policy is no longer applicable.
Security of communications
We recognize that many people are concerned about the privacy and protection of information as it is transmitted over the Internet. You should keep in mind that the possibility exists for unauthorized individuals to intercept any e-mail message you send over the Internet. In some cases, information can be encrypted (scrambled or encoded) to make it very difficult to read if it is intercepted during communication. Certain technology and practices allow Web sites to provide an increased level of security for your personal and health-related information when appropriate.
To enhance the level of security for communication and the transmission of personal information, we have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
E-commerce and credit card transactions
At this time, we do not process credit card payments on our Web site.
Advertising servers
At this time, we do not partner with or have special relationships with any advertising server.
Changes in our privacy policy
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Conditions of use
Your access and use of the site is subject to this Privacy Statement, International Society of Appraisers disclaimer, International Society of Appraisers Notice of Privacy Practices, and other Web site conditions including, but not limited to, limitations on damages and all applicable laws, including the law of the State in which we are located.
Web site contact information
If you have questions about our privacy policy, or feel that this site is not following its stated policy, please contact us.
International Society of Appraisers225 West Madison Street, Suite 650 Chicago, Illinois 60606 (312) 981-6778 phone(312) 265-2908 fax
Modification date
This privacy statement was last modified on October 27th, 2011.
From the ISA Now Blog
Fair Market Value and Replacement Cost - What’s the Difference?
Monday, November 16, 2020
This is not an uncommon question in the Core Course in-person class, but it is even more common from the Core Course Distance Education students. The confusion is not limited to the beginner appraiser courses. I have also had requalification course attendees and students in the AF+DA courses who are not clear on the differences. Therefore, now seemed like a good opportunity to review the differences in use and the selection of comparables for these two objectives.
Choosing Asking Prices for Replacement Costs
Monday, November 16, 2020
Question: A fine art print from the same print edition can often be found in multiple retail galleries with a range of different asking prices. How do I choose which asking price to use for replacement cost? Does the condition of the client’s print play a role in the selection of the comparable?
2020 Business Meeting Recording and Q&A
Thursday, November 05, 2020
The recent Annual Business Meeting was the first time this meeting has been offered live online. During the Business Meeting, there were several questions asked that we did not have time to answer with three main themes: communication, member connectivity, and business tips.
Ethics in Review
Tuesday, October 13, 2020
Reviewing some basic ethics points is always a good idea. For instance, did you know that ISA recently updated its Ethics Code and Ethics Disciplinary Procedures? Do you know what type of behavior ISA regulates (and does not regulate)? What are some of the most common ethics complaints and missteps?
See all blog posts