https://www.equifax.com/personal/my-privacy
Take Control of Your Personal Information
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is all about giving you greater control over your personal information. Review and explore your options below and we'll guide you through each one.
CONTINUE
Equifax Collects Personal Information to Help Better Protect Your Identity From Fraud.
Your data allows us to detect suspicious activity on your credit reports and protect your identity from fraud and other misuse. However, it's your personal information so you decide if and how it's used.
Here are the actions you can take:
Right to Know:
You can ask to view your personal information that Equifax has collected in the past 12 months. You will be notified when your personal information is ready for viewing.
Right to Delete:
You can ask Equifax to delete your personal information.
Right to Opt-Out:
You can ask Equifax to stop selling your personal information to third parties.
Right to Opt-In:
If you have previously asked Equifax to opt out of selling your personal information, you can request that Equifax begin selling your personal information to third parties.
How it works
1
File a request online or call.
2
You will receive confirmation of your submission by email or mail.
3
If you ask to view your personal information, we will notify you when it is ready.
CONTINUE
Frequently asked questions
What if I want to make a request on behalf of a minor (under 18) or an incapacitated adult?
To make requests on behalf of minors or incapacitated adults, you will need to do so by mail. Note that you will need to validate your identity, the minor or incapacitated adult's identity, and your ability to legally act on their behalf. Please download the proper form and follow the instructions.
Download Minor Form
Download Incapacitated Adult Form
What other options do I have if I don't want to submit my request online?
If you are over 18, you can call Consumer Care at (866) 295-6801, 8 a.m. to midnight (ET), 7 days a week.
Do I need to create an account on Equifax.com for the online request?
No, but you will need to provide personal information in order for Equifax to complete your CCPA request.
Is there a charge to request, withhold, or delete my information?
No, it is free of charge.
I have previously lived in California but I currently do not reside in California. Am I still eligible to request my data, withhold, or delete my information?
This service is only available to current California residents.
What happens after I make the request? How do I know if it's been completed?
You will receive an email or mailed letter confirming your submission. If you ask to view your personal information, we will notify you when it is ready.
How long will you take to complete my request?
This will vary by individual, but all requests will be completed within the given timeframe applicable by law.
Please allow 45 days for certain requests to be fulfilled. In the event we experience issues and cannot complete the request within the given timeframe, an extension notice will be sent to you.
x