http://www.westloan.com/privacy
Weststar Mortgage Corporation
About
Mission & Values
Leadership
Locations
Legal
Apply Now
Loan Servicing
Software Licensing
Join Weststar
What We Offer
Products & Services
Home Loans
Login
Privacy Policy
Concerns?
We are more than happy to answer any questions or concerns you have. Please contact us here.
Contact Us
What Does Weststar Mortgage Corporation Do With Your Personal Information?
Why we share your information
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What we share
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you
have with us. This information can include:
Social Security Number and Credit History
Income and Employment Information
Assets and Credit Scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this
notice.
How we share your information
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers personal information; the reasons Weststar Mortgage Corporation chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Do we share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
For our non-affiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
How does Weststar Mortgage Corporation protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law.
These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
Our control policies authorize access to customer information by individuals who need access to the information to do their work.
How does Weststar Mortgage Corporation collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Apply for a loan or Provide your mortgage information
Give us your income information or Provide employment information
Provide account information
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to
limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a Weststar Mortgage name, and financial companies such as Weststar Loan Servicing and Goldwater Bank, N.A.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be
financial and nonfinancial companies.
Weststar Mortgage Corporation does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that
together market financial products or services to you.
Weststar Mortgage Corporation doesn't jointly market.
We take our responsibility to protect your right to privacy and confidentiality seriously. We
maintain physical, electronic, and procedural policy safeguards that comply with state and federal standards.
Contact Us
×
General Inquiry
Regulatory Inquiry
Consumer Complaint
Technical Support
Testimonial
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Contact Message
Please contact me
Submit
Confirm Redirect
You have selected to be redirected to an unaffiliated website.
To confirm select "OK," or "Cancel" to exit this window.
We do not control the content of these sites. Please review their Privacy Policy as it may differ from our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Ok