http://www.edac.net/privacy-policy
Resource Center
/
About Us
HomeProducts
Card Edge Connectors
Rectangular Connectors
D-Sub Connectors
Modular & Magnetic Jacks
USB Connectors
HDMI Connectors
Inline Connectors
Header Connectors
Waterproof Connectors
Cable Assembly
Custom Connectors
Request SamplesFind a DistributorapplicationsCommunicationsConsumerEnergyIndustrialMedicalProcess ControlRuggedizedTransportationCustom ConnectorsContact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The EDAC group of companies includes EDAC Inc., EDAC (Europe) Ltd., MH Connectors and Norcomp. This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use our websites.What information do we collect about you? We collect information about you when you register with us or place an order for products or services. We may also collect information about you if you voluntarily complete customer surveys,provide feedback or participate in competitions run by companies within the EDAC group. We also collect website usage information using cookies. How will we use the information about you?We collect information about you to process your order and manage your account. If you allow us and other group companies, we will also contact you about special offers, events and other products and services we think may be of interest to you. We use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits to our websites using cookies (see section below on Cookies). Each time you use the site we will also collect information including domain name/IP address, referring URL, browser and platform, time of visit, pages visited and any searches performed – this information may be used to help us improve the performance of our website and for assessing the suitability of requirements for certain services.Will we pass your information to anyone else?We may share your information with the following:1) Other companies within the EDAC group and certain third parties who provide us with services. These group companies and third parties will only use your information to provide these services or help us to improve our website or services. They will do so as our data processors and will handle your information on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions. Some of these processors may be based outside the UK and your information may therefore be transferred and handled outside the UK (including, in some cases, outside Europe). Where this applies we will take steps to ensure adequate protection of your information.2) Credit reference agencies and other similar companies, in order to carry out credit reference searches, for fraud prevention and to pursue debtors, and we may also obtain information about you from such companies.3) Any companies or people that we might in the future sell our business or part of our business to.If you allow us to, we may share your information with other companies in the EDAC group for marketing purposes but we will not share your information with any third parties outside our group for their marketing purposeMarketingWe would like to send you information about the products and services we offer which may interest you. If you have allowed us to send marketing information to you, you may opt out at any time. If you no longer want us to contact you for marketing purposes please either email us at customerservice@edac.net
or telephone us on (416) 754-3322.COOKIESWe use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.SecurityAccess to stored data and information you provide is password protected and access to passwords is limited. Firewall technology is used to prevent unauthorised access and servers are backed up daily, with archives stored in a secure location.Other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should check the privacy policy on those sites.How to contact usPlease contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you by email at customerservice@edac.net or by writing to us at:EDAC INCAttn: Sales Departement 161 Alden Road, Unit 7 & 8,Markham, ON L3R 3W7Canada
EDAC INC.
Products
Applications
Request Samples
Find a Distributor
Resource Center
About Us
Contact Us
Newsletter Sign Up
Copyright © 2020 EDAC, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
/
Terms & Conditions
/
Sitemap