http://www.isgplc.com/en/our-experience/offices/legal
Offices
Legal
Show all Offices
Sector overview
Corporate
Financial
Insurance
Legal
Technology, Media and Telecommunications
Legal and law firms' office design and fit out
Our award-winning approach to creating progressive, modern, legal office environments is changing industry perceptions.
ISG has a strong legacy of creating offices that touch every aspect of the modern workplace. With businesses in the legal sphere increasingly looking to offer forward-thinking, flexible workspaces which are built to suit the needs of their people, our award-winning projects are delivered to the highest quality and are breaking the legal office mould.
Get in touch today and find out how ISG can help you with your office fit out project.
Enquire now
We have an impressive portfolio that influential legal firms across the globe, such as Boodle Hatfield, CMS, K&L Gates and UK Law Firm in Dubai, UAE. Our experience with legal customers means we have an unrivalled understanding of the sensitivity of the work that you do, and how that needs to be reflected in the space that you occupy. From concept through to delivery, our offices are designed with confidentiality and acoustic privacy of the highest quality in mind.
Legal
Case Study
Boodle Hatfield, London, UK
Case Study
CMS, London, UK
Case Study
Gibson Dunn, London, UK
Case Study
K&L Gates, London, UK
Case Study
UK Law Firm, Dubai, UAE
Case Study
Hogan Lovells, London, UK
Our core services
ISG is different. Our origins in fit out means we have meticulous attention to detail and focus on the client’s needs and business drivers like no other, and we know that every project is a technology project. Which is why we acknowledge our service offer is equally about fit out, technology and construction.
Fit out
Our track record reveals broader experience across a wider range of projects than any other provider in the market.
Find out more
Technology
Our dedicated technology solutions team capable of advising and implementing for our clients
across all sectors.
Find out more
Construction
We have a strong track record of construction and engineering projects, from single-storey
construction to large-scale.
Find out more
Get in touch
If you would like to speak to ISG about any requirements you may have, please let us know by filling in the form below.
First nameLast nameCompanyJob titleEmailPhoneURLPage TitleWhat can we help you with?
Please verify this is a genuine enquiry
I have read and accept the privacy notice
Contact
Mark Valios
Pre-Construction Director, UK Fit Out
offices@isgltd.com
LinkedIn
Back to top