http://www.myteleflora.com/privacy.aspx
SEARCH:
Design Education
Member Services
Customer Service
Market Your Shop
Technology
Toolbox
Shopping
Resources
TELEFLORA INDUSTRY RELATIONS AND EDUCATION
Virtual Design Program Webinars
UNIT PROGRAM
Unit Directory
Floral Event Calendar
Unit Scholarship Information
Education Specialists
Contact the Unit Program
DESIGN TUTORIALS
Living Color Tutorial
Sympathy Sales Tutorial
Sympathy Designs Tutorial
TELEFLORA PUBLICATIONS
Encycloflora®
FLORAL PUBLICATION COLLECTION
Subscription Rates
Flowers&
Flowers And Profits
Floral Finance
Retail Florist
Floral Article Archives
INFORMATION
The Teleflora Difference
Membership Benefits
President's Club
National Accounts
ORDER DELIVERY REPORTS
Report Phone Orders
View Reported Orders
DELIVERY CONFIRMATIONS
Report Delivery Confirmations
RECIPES & IMAGES
Recipe & Image Search
FLORAL SELECTION GUIDE
FSG Overview
Digital FSG
FSG FAQs
FSG Image Download Tool
FSG Pricing Tool Updates
Teleflora logos
ADVERTISING & PR TOOLS
Directory & Dove Ad Information
Codification Update Form
MARKETING TOOLS
Teleflora Marketing Pieces
eFlorist eMarketing
eFlorist Custom Logo Services
MERCHANDISE YOUR SHOP
Lands' End
WestRock's John Henry
Custom Graphics
Elite Ribbon Printer
TALKING FLOWERS
®
POINT-OF-SALE TECHNOLOGY
Teleflora's Point-of-Sale Technology
Dove POS
Managed Services
RTI
WEB TECHNOLOGY
eFlorist eMarketing
eFlorist Program
eFlorist Custom Logo Services
FindaFlorist.com Information
SERVICES
Credit Card Services Information
24 Hour Flowers Information
THE DOVE NETWORK®
Dove Network Overview
DovePlus
DovePlus Tutorials
MY SHOP SERVICES
Go To Assist
HOLIDAY TOOLBOX
Best Sellers
Digital Toolbox
FSG Kit
POS Readiness Checklist
Prep for Success Checklist
Shop Containers
Social Media Kit
Substitution Guide
Success Guide
Tree Design Tutorial
TELEFLORA KEEPSAKES
Product Gallery
FLORAL PUBLICATIONS
Subscriptions
The Profit Minded Florist
theMARKET
Fresh Flowers
Containers
Supplies
FRESH FLOWERS
Flowerbuyer
INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION
Sending International Orders
International Order & Floral Guidelines
Currency order conversion charts for Quebec (QST)
QUICK REFERENCE INFORMATION
Seasonal Plants
Floral Dictionary
Holiday Calendar
MyTeleflora.com Privacy PolicyWelcome to the MyTeleflora Web Site, www.MyTeleflora.com (the "Site"), a website provided by Teleflora LLC ("we", "us" or "our").  We value the trust of our member florists and are committed to protecting your privacy and your customer data in all aspects of our business.  To ensure that we maintain this trust, we are providing you with this Privacy Policy created to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your privacy and the privacy of your customers.Information We CollectPersonally Identifiable InformationIf you open an account on our Site or set-up a shop, we ask that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information to complete your transaction.  The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected include: your name (including, first and last), name of your shop, address, e-mail address and shop services (i.e., POS system, eFlorist, etc.).  We may also ask for security questions and answers for purposes of resetting passwords when necessary.  For purposes of user verification, we may ask for the last 4 digits of your Social Security number.  By providing your personal information on our Site, you consent to allow us to use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Any information you disclose voluntarily on our Site or in any forum and blogs that we may develop in the future becomes public information.  We cannot control the actions of our Site users and advise you to use your discretion in sharing information about yourself on the Internet.  All information sharing is optional and done so at your own risk.Non-Personally Identifiable InformationWe also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Fire Fox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows Vista, Mac OS), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, AT&T), the name of the web pages you visit, the time you access our web pages, and the length of time you stay on those pages.
We collect this information in order to determine which areas of our Site are most popular and to enhance your experience with our Site.  This information may also be shared with third parties on an aggregate and non-personally identifiable basis.  However, please be assured that this information will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors of our Site.Our Site uses Google Analytics and Omniture, or other third party web analytics services.  Such services may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in this Site.  The services do not collect personally identifiable information that you do not voluntarily enter in this Site.  The services do not track your browsing habits across websites which do not use the service.  For more information on these services, please visit: www.google.com/analytics and www.omniture.com.  Our Use and Disclosure of Customer InformationCredit Card TransactionsWe never use customer credit card data for marketing purposes.Teleflora.com OrdersWhen a customer makes a purchase at Teleflora.com, none of their personally identifiable information is passed along to the fulfilling Teleflora florist.  Only the order information and the recipient’s information (e.g., recipient’s name, address, e-mail address and telephone number) are passed along so that the fulfilling florist may complete the order.  The handling of such information shall be governed by the Teleflora.com Privacy Policy.  A current version of the Teleflora.com Privacy Policy can be viewed at Teleflora.com.  Teleflora’s Findaflorist.com Site and eFlorist SitesWe do not interact with or market to customers who use these sites.24 Hour Flowers ServiceAny information we receive through the 24 Hour Flowers system is kept for customer services purposes only (e.g., to track and verify order fulfillment) and is passed along to the receiving florist.  We do not collect customer e-mail addresses or any other data for the purpose of marketing directly to such customers.Our Use and Disclosure of Your Information
When opening an account or setting up a shop, you have an opportunity to opt-in or opt-out from receiving emails from us.  If you opt-in to receive information from us, we may use your user history, contact information and other registration information to provide you with more relevant information and email content.  We may send emails to our users regarding changes in our services or other information we believe will be of interest to our users.  If you prefer not to receive these emails, you can send us an email with the subject line “no emails” or reply to our email with the subject line “no emails”. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities on our site, we may collect such information.  We may use that information and other information that we obtain from your use of our Site to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our agreement for Terms of Use.We may share aggregate statistics about our sales, traffic patterns and related site information with other businesses, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
We may share your information with our affiliates and other reputable vendors for the purpose of sending out special offers via email and/ or in connection with the services provided by our Site such as the delivery of flowers. Your information will not be shared for any other purpose and will be kept secured.We may, from time to time, offer content (e.g., contest, sweepstakes or promotions) that is sponsored by or cobranded with identified third parties, including affiliated businesses.  By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that users voluntarily submit to participate in the activity.  We have no control over these third parties' use of this information.  Since these third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy practices, you should check their websites for information regarding their privacy policies.We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may be required to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that may be illegal or may expose us to legal liability.Cookies“Cookies” are small files which store certain information about your activity on the Site and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.  Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information.  We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior user, so that you don’t have to reenter information you gave us on your prior visits. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable cookies, you will not be able to use certain features of this website.  SecurityThis Site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.All credit card information is securely communicated using secure socket layer (SSL) software, which is the industry standard and among the best software available for secure commerce transactions. All user information stored on our server is stored in an encrypted format.  Notwithstanding these efforts, we caution you that “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet.Linked SitesIf this Site contains any links to other websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.Changes to Privacy Policy; ConsentWe may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should check this page periodically for changes. By using our Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by us as described in this Privacy Policy.Questions and CommentsIf you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact us at:Teleflora LLC11444 West Olympic Boulevard, 10th FloorLos Angeles, California 90064Attention: Chief Legal OfficerTelephone: (310) 966-5700E-mail: legalinfo@teleflora.com Last Updated: December 3, 2009© 2009 Teleflora LLC.  All rights reserved.
Contact Us |
About Us |
Careers |
Terms of Use |
Privacy |
Site Map
Teleflora ID:
Teleflora ID:
Email:
Copyright © 2020 Teleflora.
All rights reserved.
User Name:
Password:
remember me
Cannot access the account
New User?