https://www.berdonllp.com/secure-email-policy/
Secure Email Policy
Secure Email Gateway: Protecting Your Confidential Information
To safeguard your security and adhere to New York State law, Berdon LLP provides a secure email gateway for emails containing confidential information — social security numbers, financial account numbers, etc. Emails of this type are sent in an encrypted format and are preceded by an email notifying you that a secure message is waiting. This email directs you to our secure email gateway to access the message.
First time users are asked to provide a name and create a password in order to view a secure message. This is a one–time process. Please note that secured messages expire three months from their sent date, so if you need to save one please download it to your computer. You can also use the secure gateway to send us confidential information in an encrypted form. Simply bookmark the login page in your web browser and use it like any other web–based email system.
If you have questions, please contact your Berdon advisor.
Hot Topics/Insights
December082020
Success in 2021 Pivots on the Lessons of 2020
Marcy Greenfield, CPA, Ian Alberts, CPA and Jonathan San Solo, CPA 12.8.20 | Industry Insights For manufacturing, distribution and retail companies, the less said about 2020, the better. Supply chain […]
December072020
CRE Execs Seek Balance Between Optimism and Concern on Berdon/Bloomberg Forum
12.7.20 | Commercial Observer On November 17, 2020, Berdon, in conjunction with Bloomberg Media Group, hosted a virtual 2020 Real Estate Industry Executive Forum consisting of two panel discussions about […]
November302020
Election Impact on Year-End Tax Planning and Beyond
Veronique Horne, J.D., Naya Pearlman, J.D., LL.M., Scott T. Ditman, CPA/PFS and Daniel A. Shapiro, CPA, J.D., LL.M. 11.30.20 | Client Alert Even though the Presidential election is behind us, […]
View All
One Time Sign-In to Access Berdon LLP’s Blog articles
ALL FIELDS ARE REQUIRED
By clicking sign up, you agree to our
Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
X
Download PDF
FILL THE FORM TO DOWNLOAD PDF
By clicking submit, you agree to our
Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
X