http://www.closets.com/privacy
CLOSETS.COM Privacy Policy
844-431-6690
CLOSETS.COM
MENU
DESIGN |
360 ORGANIZER® |
ACCESSORIES |
ABOUT
|
Our Company
Quality
Color Choices
Shipping
Warranty
Installation
BLOG |
HELP
Customer Service
How to Measure
Design Basics
Tips and Care
Contact
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update.
Home
Privacy
Privacy Policy
CLOSETS.COM™ PRIVACY POLICY
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE. USING THIS WEB SITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.
IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE, PLEASE BE SURE TO READ THIS AGREEMENT WITH YOUR PARENTS OR GUARDIAN.
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THIS WEB SITE.
Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
We Are Not Responsible For Third Party Sites/Features
Our website and applications may provide links to, or features from, other third party sites (such as third party social networks). If you link to or use such third party sites or features, you do so at your own risk. We do not control and are not responsible for the security or practices of any third party site, application, or feature.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the CLOSETS.COM website. There are certain user initiated actions where you are asked to input personal or payment information on this website. This includes:
Contact Form: CLOSETS.COM provides a contact form so that users may submit any questions or comments they may have. The names and email addresses collected on this form are used only for answering inquiries and are never sold to third parties or added to marketing lists.
"WE DESIGN" form submissions: If you request to use our free design service, you will be asked for your contact information. This is so that we can contact you about your project and send the finished designs back to you for approval.
Online Design Tool Login: If you choose to design your own closet using our free online design tool, you will be asked to input your email address in order to save your design. The purpose of this is to create a unique identity so that you can access your designs and purchase them if you desire.
Request for a Price Comparison: Users may opt to request pricing for comparison on designs generated by a competitor service. You will be asked for your name, phone number and email address. This information is solely used for the purpose of responding to serious inquiries with an appropriate cost comparison.
Making a purchase: When purchasing a product, you will be asked for your home address, email address, and phone number. This information is needed to complete your transaction and for shipping purposes. We will only call you by phone if there is a question about your order. Your information is never sold or given to other companies.
Credit Card Information: Closets.com does not keep your credit card information and we do not maintain credit card numbers in our database. You enter your payment information directly to the credit card processing company through a secure portal.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the name, address, email and phone number you provide about yourself solely for the purpose of completing your sale. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to ship and complete the transaction.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Google Analytics and Search Engine Tracking
CLOSETS.COM uses Google Analytics tracking code to evaluate website performance. This Google information may include end user location, search history, YouTube history, and data from sites that partner with Google. The data is used to provide aggregated and anonymized insights into our users' cross device behaviors and use of this website. We do not personally identify users or facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any advertising product or feature. We also use Google Ads tracking features to deliver targeted, paid, online advertising to visitors of this website.
You can opt out of all Google Analytics tracking at any time by downloading their Opt-out Browser Add-on.
HotJar Tracking:
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users' needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users' experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don't like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users' behavior and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For further details, please see the "about Hotjar" section of Hotjar's support site.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 844-431-6690 or send us an email at office@closets.com
SAVE 10% on all orders over $250.00. FREE Shipping in the contiguous USA.*Discount is automatically subtracted on orders over $250.00
SIGN-UP FOR EMAIL TIPS & PROMOS
844-431-6690
Contact844-431-6690
M - F 8AM - 5PM CT
Send Message
Help
Customer Service
How to Measure
Design Basics
Tips and Care
About Us
Our Quality
Color Choices
Warranty
Return Policy
Privacy
Terms of Use
Emissions/Sustainability
Installation
Assembly Instructions
Installation Video
Instruction Manual
Shipping
Free Shipping
Freight Only
Return Policy
Blog
Payments
Copyright 2020 CLOSETS.COM - All rights reserved