http://www.insurancece.com/help/privacy
Home
877-488-9308
Cart Summary
Finish
Modify Order
Checkout >>
Sign In
Home
Exam Prep
Continuing Education
Company Training
Career Training
Resources
Help
Sign In
Search
Toggle navigation
Exam Prep
Insurance Exam Prep Courses
Insurance Adjuster Exam Prep Courses
CTEC Qualifying Education
Exam Prep Company Solutions
Continuing Education
Insurance CE
CFP® Certification CE
CPA CPE
Enrolled Agent CPE
Tax CE
Certification CE
Real Estate CE
Funeral CE
Other Products
Company Training
Firm Element & Securities
Anti-Money Laundering Training
Business Best Practices Training
Cybersecurity Training
Sexual Harassment Training
Fraud Training
Corporate Programs
Career Training
EXCEED Industry Training
Resources
Blog
Special Offers
CE Course Features
Insurance Exam Prep Course Features
Privacy Policy
Your Right to Control Your Personal Information Sites Covered by this Privacy Statement Links to Other Sites and Public Forums Information We Collect Personally Identifiable Information How We Use the Information Security of Your Personal Information Online Tracking Consent Data Integrity Children's Privacy Changes to Our Privacy Policy Inquiries, Access and Updating Your Personal InformationContacting Us  Your Right to Control Your Personal Information WebCE, Inc. ("WebCE") collects and retains any Personal Information you provide to us for the lawful purposes as described herein for the services provided by WebCE. You have these rights with respect to your Personal Information:The right to know the categories of Personal Information about you that we have collected over the last 12 months and the purposes for which we have used that information.The right to know the categories of Personal Information about you that we have collected in the last 12 months and either sold or disclosed for business purposes during the last 12 months. The right to opt-out of the sale, use, provision, or disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties. The right to have your Personal Information deleted unless we need this information to serve you and comply with laws and regulations.You or someone you authorize to act for you may exercise these rights. To protect your privacy and the security of your information, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity or the identity of your authorized agent before responding to a request. Someone acting on your behalf must provide us with your signed written permission to do so. To exercise any of these rights with respect to your Personal Information, please send an email with your request to [email protected] or call us at 877-488-9308. We will acknowledge requests related to Personal Information within 10 business days. We will provide the requested information within 45 calendar days. If we need more than 45 calendar days to provide the requested information, we will let you know within 45 calendar days of the verified request. We will comply with requests to opt out within 15 business days. We keep a record of all requests related to Personal Information for at least 24 months. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment from us because you have exercised any of these rights.Back to TopSites Covered by this Privacy Statement WebCE respects your right to privacy. WebCE has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to protect your personal information and your right to privacy. This Privacy Policy explains what personal data we collect as part of the
Services and the purpose for that collection. We also explain how we use your personal data and your choices about that use.This Privacy Policy applies when you use any website, mobile, or tablet application for www.webce.com and related
sites (collectively referred to as the WebCE Web site). It does not apply to those sites that do not display or link to this Privacy Statement or that have their own privacy statements.This statement is readily available through a link
on our home page and at the bottom of every WebCE Web page.By using our products and services or providing any information to us through our services, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy,
including any updates and amendments.Back to TopLinks to Other Sites and Public Forums For your convenience and information, this site may contain links to other sites. If you access those links, you will leave the WebCE website. WebCE does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from WebCE’s practices.
WebCE is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites by third parties. The Personal Information you choose to provide or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by the WebCE Online Privacy Statement.
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy of any company before submitting your Personal Information.WebCE may make message boards, news groups, and/or public forums available to users on its websites. Any information you disclose
in these areas becomes public information that may be accessed by third parties, and you should use caution before deciding to disclose any Personal Information in these forums.Back to TopInformation We Collect WebCE may collect personal information about our users in various ways. WebCE collects Personal Information to operate effectively and to comply with government regulations (e.g., licensing, education, etc.), and contractual obligations. "Personal Information"
is any information that can be reasonably used to identify an individual and may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, postal or other physical address,  title, occupation and other information required to provide our services
and products to you, or to carry out a transaction you have requested. Collection of Personal Information could be through information you have provided directly to us, information collected through the use of our services, or from
publicly available sources or third parties. Information you provide to us: When registering for the use of our Services, including, but not limited to, when you create an account, subscribe to our emails, sign up
for a course or webinar, purchase a product or service from us, fill out a form on any of our website pages, and any other information you send to us through our Services, you may be asked to provide Personal Information. The Personal Information collected may include the following: full name,
phone numbers, permanent or mailing addresses, email addresses, and information regarding your professional licenses. In addition, if you send us an email, call us, fill out a feedback form, or choose to communicate with us in another way, we will
collect that information in order to respond to your request, feedback, or question. We will use and share information you provide to us only as described in this Privacy Policy.Information collected through the use of services:
In addition to the information you provide to us, we may collect information about your use of the Services. For example, we may collect:Device Information – We may collect information concerning your computer and other devices used to access the Services. For example, we may collect your hardware model, IP address, other unique device identifiers, operating system
version, and browser type and settings of the device you use to access the Services.Usage Information – We also may collect information about the Services you use, your interactions with content offered through the Services, and other online activity. For example, we may collect information about how many visitors
visit a specific page on the Services, how long they stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they click on. We collect this information, in part, through the use of technologies such as cookies and web beacons, which are discussed
in greater detail below.Information From Third-Party Sources: We may receive information about you from publicly and commercially available sources, as permitted by law, which we may combine with other information we receive from or about you. For example, we
may receive information about you from a social media site if you connect to the Services through that site.Back to TopPersonally Identifiable Information Some of the information we collect through your use of our Services or communications with us, such as your name, username, address, email address, phone number, Social Security number, tax preparer number, national producer number,  license numbers,
and other license-related information, including state of license, where required by law, regulations or contractual obligations can and will be treated as “Personally Identifiable Information.”.Data considered to be Personally
Identifiable Information will only be accessed on a strictly need-to-know basis and handled and stored with care.Back to TopHow We Use the Information We safeguard your privacy interests by ensuring all WebCE sites adhere to our data protection principles described in this statement.We may respond to subpoenas, court orders, letters of request from government personnel or legal process by
disclosing your Personal Information and other related information, if necessary. We also may disclose your Personal Information when we choose to establish or exercise our legal rights, defend against legal claims or protect our brand and use your
Personal Information as appropriate for these purposes.WebCE may deal with a number of categories of third parties including service vendors, contractors and authorized third-party agents. We may share Personal Information with service
vendors, authorized third-party agents or contractors in order to provide a requested service or transaction, including the processing of orders and credit card transactions. We will only provide such third parties with the minimum amount of Personal
Information necessary to provide the services on our behalf or to provide services to our customers. These third parties are not permitted to use your Personal Information except for the limited purpose of completing the requested service or transaction.WebCE will only share Personal Information about you that is relevant to our legitimate business purposes or as required to meet legal or regulatory requirements. We do not sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties for marketing
purposes unless we have asked you for this permission and you have granted it to us.WebCE may also enter into joint marketing or other similar arrangements for the marketing of products or services. For example, WebCE may enter into an
agreement for a co-branded website. In such circumstances, Personal Information collected from the website may be shared by WebCE to the joint marketer. WebCE’s logo will appear on such pages to indicate the website is "powered by" WebCE. WebCE’s
use of the Personal Information collected on such sites will be bound by the terms of this privacy statement. The joint marketer’s use of the Personal Information will be governed by the joint marketer’s privacy statement.Circumstances
may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, WebCE decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize its business. Such a transaction may involve, in accordance with applicable law, the disclosure of Personal Information to
prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of it from sellers. It is WebCE’s practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.We may collect and possibly share Personal Information and
any other additional information available to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of WebCE's terms
of use, or as otherwise required by law.WebCE does not collect more Personal Information than is needed to fulfill the purposes set forth in this Statement, unless you agree to it.Should
you withdraw consent to the use of your information for any of the above-identified purposes (other than to meet legal or regulatory requirements), we will stop using your information for such purposes as soon as it is reasonably possible to do so
and will not use your information without first getting your permission.Back to TopSecurity of Your Personal Information WebCE is committed to protecting the Personal Information you share with us. WebCE uses a combination of industry-standard security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. WebCE supports online security using secure server technology because we want your data to be safe. There are state-of-the-art security arrangements and facilities on WebCE sites to prevent abuse.We bind our employees
to observe your privacy and confidentiality rights.Back to Top Online Tracking Cookies: WebCE uses cookies to help improve the site and to personalize your visit by customizing our Web pages. A "cookie" is a small data file transferred by a Web site to your computer's hard drive. Most browsers will
accept cookies automatically from the site. You may refuse to accept cookies by adjusting your preferences on your browser. It should be noted that by doing so, you may be unable to access certain pages or areas of the site.You can find
information on popular browsers and how to adjust your cookie preferences at the following websites:Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookiesGoogle Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferencesApple Safari: Blocks cookies by default. To change click Safari, Preferences, Security and choose your preference.Other Tracking Technologies: We also may use other tracking technologies. For example, we may use technologies called beacons (or “pixels”) to communicate information from your device to a server. Beacons can be embedded in
online content, videos, and emails, and can allow a server to read certain types of information from your device, know when you have viewed particular content or a particular email message, determine the time and date on which you viewed the web beacon,
and the IP address of your device. We use web beacons for a variety of purposes, including to analyze the use of our Services and in conjunction with cookies.Back to TopConsentBy using this website and providing Personal Information to us, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and use of the information as described herein. If we decide to make changes to this Online Privacy Statement, we will post
the changes on this site so that you will always know what information we collect, and how we use it. Back to TopData IntegrityWebCE takes reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information is accurate, complete and current. In the event of changes in your Personal Information, you may inform WebCE to ensure that our information is up-to-date.Back to TopChildren's PrivacyThis site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. WebCE does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will
delete that data from our systems.Back to TopChanges to Our Privacy PolicyWebCE may update this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice to reflect changes in our information practices. We monitor state privacy laws to ensure that we remain compliant with them. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will become effective when posted. We recommend that you revisit this Privacy Policy periodically
to ensure that you are aware of our current privacy practices. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revisions here. If we make significant changes to our Privacy Policy, we will notify you by other means, which may include
email and notices on our home page.Back to TopInquiries About, Accessing, Updating, and Deleting Your Personal InformationWebCE needs your help in keeping the Personal Information you have shared with us accurate and up-to-date. You may at any time make a written request for access to the Personal Information WebCE holds about you to review its accuracy and completeness.
You have the right to have your Personal Information amended as appropriate. You have the right to have your Personal Information deleted unless we need this information to serve you and comply with laws and regulations. All access requests are subject
to relevant access rules and exceptions set out in the laws of the jurisdiction in which the data is located.Back to TopContacting UsIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, wish to inspect the information we hold about you, or wish to make a request with respect to how we use the information (including a request to delete the information), please contact [email protected]
or call us at 877-488-9308.Back to TopLast Reviewed on 6/15/2020© WebCE, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved.
Connect With Us:
Call: 877-488-9308
Email: [email protected]
About
Our Story
Why WebCE
Careers
Meet the Team
Need help?
FAQs
Contact Us
Legal & Tech
Technical Requirements
Privacy & Data Rights
Accessibility
Business Continuity
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Copyright ©1992-2020
WebCE®. All Rights Reserved.
S2-42
A + BBB Rating
Click for Review