http://www.indeeco.com/privacy-policy
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Dismiss
Why IndeecoIndustriesProductsResourcesNewsAbout
Search
Contact
Rep Locator
Replacement Parts
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
INDEECO LLC (“Indeeco”) respects your privacy and the limited purpose for which our site visitors provide us their personal information.  By using this site, you consent to Indeeco’s privacy policy, detailed below.
Information Collected
Generally, Indeeco does not collect personal information through the use of its website, except such personal information as you provide by sending an e-mail via the “mail to:” function or filling out a “Contact Form” to request a quote or product information. Indeeco may save the contact information you provide.  Indeeco will not share, sell or rent any of the information collected through its website to any unauthorized third parties, and does not intend to do so in the future.  Indeeco, or one of its trusted third-party sales representatives, may use the information provided to Indeeco to contact you in the future by postal service, e-mail or telephone to convey information about our products, solutions or services that we feel may benefit you.  Such authorized third parties will keep any personal information provided to them by Indeeco for the purpose of contacting you to discuss products, solutions or services in the strictest confidence.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this policy, Indeeco may release personal information when it believes that the release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce its site policies or to protect its rights or the rights, property or safety of others.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses Indeeco’s privacy policy only, and does not address the privacy policies of any other websites that users may access via links from our site.  Indeeco is not responsible for the information collection policies of other websites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein.   Often, links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors.  Users are advised to review the privacy policies of other websites carefully with respect to the collection and use of private information.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files collected by websites from a user’s browser, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.  Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive.  Indeeco’s website uses Cookies for the sole purpose of third party traffic analytics, such as Google Analytics and Hubspot.  These cookies collect information anonymously, such as the time that you visited the Indeeco website, whether you have been to the Indeeco website before, and what site referred you to our website, then reports website trends without identifying individual users.  We use that information to generate reports and help us improve our website.  You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent without affecting the usability of the Indeeco website.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
Contact information provided to us through the “mail to” or “Contact Us” form on the Indeeco Website is stored perpetually.  You may update or correct your personal information provided to Indeeco through our website at any time.   To do so, please send an e-mail to sales@Indeeco.com with the subject line “Update Personal Information.”  If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail to sales@Indeeco.com with the subject line “Remove Personal Information.”
Periodic Policy Changes
Indeeco reserves the right to review and change this privacy policy at any time.  To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.  This policy was last updated on December 19, 2016.
Contact Information
Indeeco LLC425 Hanley Industrial Ct.St. Louis, MO 63144Toll Free: (800) 243-8162Phone: (314) 644-4300Fax: (314) 644-5332Website: www.indeeco.comE-mail: sales@indeeco.com
secret