https://www.isothane.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Products
Applications
Company
About Us
Our Installers
Case Studies
Accreditations & qualifications
News
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Isothane Ltd understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of all our employees and customers and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here and in way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
What Does This Notice Cover?
This Privacy Information explains how we use your personal data: how it is collected, how it is held, and how it is processed. It also explains your rights under the law relating to your personal data.
What is Personal Data?
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
What Personal Data Do You Collect?
The personal data we collect will vary according to your relationship with us but can include but is not limited to
personal information (such as name, telephone number, email address, payment information)
Special categories information (such as gender, age, ethnic group)
How Do You Use My Personal Data?
Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data [will be used for] OR [may be used for one of] the following purposes:
Providing and managing your account.
Supplying our products AND/OR services to you. Your personal details are required in order for us to enter into a contract with you.
Personalising and tailoring our products AND/OR services for you.
Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails or calls from you.
Supplying you with information.
How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. More details about the time period for keeping your data can be found in our Retention Policy.
Do You Share My Personal Data?
We routinely share this information with:
People in connection with the work we do for you and in order to fulfil our contract obligations with you.
People in connection with the operation of our business such as, accountants, lawyers and regulatory bodies.
People to whom we have a legal duty, such as the police.
What Are My Rights?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Notice should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us.
The right to access the personal data we hold about you. The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have.
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.
Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way.
Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
How Do I Contact You?
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details for the attention of Joanna Thomason:
Email address: info@isothane.com
Telephone number: 01254 872 555
Postal Address:
Unit 10, Newhouse Road,
Huncoat Industrial Estate,
Accrington,
Lanchashre
BB5 6NT
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.
Menu
Isobloc
Blog
Technical Blog
C.A.S.E
Isothane's definitive guide to Sprayfoam
Company News
Employee News
Energy Company Obligation
Flood Resilience
Insulation
Product News
Spray Foam
Technical Information
Contact
Newhouse Road, Huncoat Industrial Estate, Accrington, Lancashire, UK, BB5 6NT General EnquiriesTel: +44 (0)1254 872555Email: info@isothane.comSales EnquiriesTel: +44 (0)1254 872555Email: sales@isothane.comTechnical EnquiriesTel: +44 (0)1254 872555Email: technical@isothane.comPrepolymers & Export EnquiriesTel: +44 (0)1254 872555Email: international@isothane.com
Newsletter
Enter your email to receive latest newsletters and industry updates
Products
Injected Polyurethane Insulation
Cast Elastomer Range
Spray Foam Insulation
Waterproofing Membranes
Rigid Polyurethane Foam
Isothane EM Range
Polyurea Range
Polyurethane Contract Manufacturing
Polyurethane Prepolymers
Applications
Cast Elastomer
Insulation
Structural Waterproofing
Cavity Wall Foam
Protective Coatings
Polyurethane Foam Mouldings
Buoyancy
C.A.S.E Applications
Set & Prop Design
CompanyTechnical Blog
Blog
About Us
Accreditations & qualifications
Case Studies
News
Contact
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Isothane Ltd
Website by Global River
This website uses Cookies to improve your browsing experience. View Cookies PolicyI'm fine with this