http://www.partnerre.com/web-privacy-and-cookie-policy/
FrancaisDeutschEnglishWeb Privacy and Cookie PolicyFrancaisDeutschEnglishImportant note: this Web Privacy and Cookie Policy (the “Policy”) does not include PartnerRe’s data protection and privacy in relation to its reinsurance business (please refer to PartnerRe’s Business Privacy Notice) nor in relation to job application and employment at PartnerRe (please refer to our Employee Privacy Notice in the “Careers” section).Protecting your privacy is very important to us. We want you to understand what data we collect and how we use it when you navigate on our Site (as defined below). We treat nonpublic personal data in accordance with our Web Privacy and Cookie Policy.What Data Does This Policy Cover?This Policy applies to personal data collected on our website or through platforms with a link to this Policy (“Site”). It does not apply to any other information collected by PartnerRe Ltd. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively referred to herein as “PartnerRe”) through any other means. By “personal data”, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you (or, for California residents only, your household). “Personal Data” may not include publicly available information. This Policy covers how we collect, use, and share that personal data as of the date that this Policy is posted. This Policy also does not apply to any Sites maintained or operated by other companies or linked to our Site.What Types Of Personal Data Do We Collect About You? For what purposes?We generally collect only personal data you voluntarily provide to us. We do not require you to give us personal data to access public areas of our Site, except to register for a webcast or with respect to our use of cookies, as described in Section “COOKIES” of this Policy.If you cannot or choose not to provide us with the personal data we reasonably require, we may be unable to provide you with the information or services you have requested.The below chart lists the categories of personal data that we collect, along with the purpose for the collection of such data. The numbers into brackets correspond to the legal basis for which we process your personal data (depending on the circumstances) as described in the section below “WHAT ARE THE LEGAL BASES ON WHICH WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?“. Some of the bases for processing will overlap and there may be several grounds which justify our use of your personal data.Category of personal data CollectedPurposes [Legal Basis – refer to Section “WHAT ARE THE LEGAL BASES ON WHICH WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?”]The IP address of the computer usedThe different webpages consultedThe date, the hour and the duration of the visitThe URL used to access our SiteTo analyze the way you navigate through our Site and to enhance your experience. [1, 3]For Site administration. [3]To comply with applicable law, obey judicial orders, cooperate with law enforcement authorities, or prevent any suspected illegal activities. [2]What are the Legal bases on which we use your personal data?We are committed to processing your personal data fairly and lawfully and only to the extent necessary to achieve the purposes listed above.We must have a legal basis to process your personal data. In most cases, our ability to obtain and process your personal data is based on one of the following legal bases:Legal basesDetails1. ConsentWe obtain your consent to process your personal data for cookies. You are free to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Withdrawal of this consent may however prevent us from continuing to provide the services to you.2. Compliance with a legal obligationProcessing is necessary for compliance with legal obligation.3. Legitimate interestsProcessing is necessary to meet our legitimate business interests (e.g. to measure the number of visitors to our Site).MinorsOur Site is not intended for minors. We do not knowingly collect any personal data from, or track the use of our Site by, minors.How We Use and Share Your Personal Data?We only process and share your personal data to the extent reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives. PartnerRe does not sell your personal data to others and, accordingly, we have not sold your personal data during the preceding 12 months.PartnerRe provides aggregate statistics about our customers, traffic patterns, and related Site information to others, but these statistics do not include personally identifying data. We restrict access to your nonpublic personal data and only allow disclosures to persons and companies as permitted by law to assist in providing products or services to you. When we disclose personal data to external entities to perform support services for us, they may access your personal data only for the limited purposes of performing those support services. We combine your online information with information collected from offline sources or information we already have. We also use and disclose certain personal data to our affiliates and others for any purpose allowed by law.PartnerRe Business Activities. We process and disclose your personal data to others for the purposes described in the table under Section “WHAT TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU? FOR WHAT PURPOSES?“.Authorized Service Providers. We use other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf, such as the administration and maintenance of our IT systems and the Site, sending or processing postal or electronic mail, or analyzing or hosting data on cloud-based servers. We disclose your personal data to these companies and other individuals performing services on our behalf.Other Disclosures. We otherwise disclose personal data as permitted or required by law, when we believe in good faith it is necessary for safety purposes, required for legal reporting, or to protect our legal rights or enforce our Terms of Use or any applicable rules, or to protect the rights of others. We also disclose personal data to our auditors, legal advisors, or to respond to a subpoena. We also aggregate information that we gather about you, product information, traffic patterns, and services, and provide these statistics to others in aggregate form.During the preceding 12 months, we have not disclosed personal data to others.CookiesA cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you do not have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.With your consent, we use cookies (e.g. Google Analytics) to analyze the way you navigate through our Site and to enhance your experience. We have implemented a Cookie Preference Center on our site, which gives you the ability to consent (or not) to the setting of the different types of cookies our Site uses and gives you control to accept or reject various types of non-essential cookies. You can return to the Cookie Preference Center at any time by clicking on the Cookies Settings button to change your preferences.You can also accept, reject or delete cookies on your computer by modifying the settings in your browser. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities of our Site may not work.Below you will find links to information for disabling cookies for several common browsers.Google ChromeInternet ExplorerFirefoxSafari MobileSocial NetworksSocial media functions and social plug-ins are embedded in our Site in the form of small icons. We currently embed Twitter, LinkedIn and other social networks as icons on our Site.We exclusively embed deactivated icons, which do not contact the servers of these external networks when our Site is accessed. The buttons become active and create a connection only if you deliberately click an icon, thus indicating your consent to communicating with such providers. By clicking on these icons you leave our Site and we do not record which external network you activate.When you interact with these social plug-ins – for example, by entering a comment – a corresponding notification is sent to the social network and saved in accordance with the respective network’s policy. Please consult the respective social network’s data protection statement with regard to the scope and purpose of the data collected, its use and processing, as well as your respective rights and options in protecting your privacy.International Transfer of Your Personal Data to Third CountriesPartnerRe Ltd is headquartered in Bermuda and while PartnerRe has active reinsurance businesses in many countries around the globe, if you decide to use the Site, your personal data may be processed, stored and/or transferred outside your home country in jurisdictions (e.g. Bermuda or the United States of America) in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen. If you prefer not to have your personal data transferred to such countries, do not use the Site.When we transfer your personal data to other countries outside the EEA, we establish legal grounds for such a transfer, mainly in the form of standard contractual clauses or other legal grounds permitted by applicable legal requirements.To regulate intra group personal data transfers, PartnerRe has executed a master data transfer agreement. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place, please contact us at the details contained in the “CONTACT US” section below.Retention of Your Personal DataWe will keep your personal data only for so long as is necessary and for the purpose for which it was originally collected and any other permissible, related purpose. Beyond that, we retain personal data for a period of time that reasonably allows us to investigate, commence or defend legal claims brought by or against us or our clients, comply with our regulatory obligations and conduct analysis.We securely destroy personal data when its retention period has expired. We retain aggregated or anonymized data (which is not treated as personal data under this privacy notice) for longer.Protection of Your Personal DataWe implement technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk to the personal data we process. These measures are aimed at ensuring the on-going integrity and confidentiality of personal data. We evaluate these measures on a regular basis to ensure the security of the processing.Your Rights(Residents of the State of California shall refer to Section “YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT“)We generally collect personal data voluntarily given to us by you.Under certain conditions, you may have the right to require us to:provide you with further details on the use we make of your personal data;provide you with a copy of the personal data that you have provided to us;update any inaccuracies in the personal data we hold;delete any personal data that we no longer have a lawful ground to use;where processing is based on consent, to withdraw your consent so that we stop that particular processing; your withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawalobject to any processing based on the legitimate interests ground unless our reasons for undertaking that processing outweigh any prejudice to your data protection rights; andrestrict how we use your personal data whilst a complaint is being investigated.In certain circumstances, we may need to restrict the above rights in order to safeguard the public interest (e.g. the prevention or detection of crime) and our interests (e.g. the maintenance of legal privilege). Upon receipt of a request from you exercising any of the above-listed rights, we will need to verify your identity.Your Rights under the California Consumer Privacy ActIf you are a resident of the State of California, subject to certain exceptions as set forth by law, you (or an authorized agent acting on your behalf) have the right to ask us to:provide you with details regarding the categories of personal data that we have collected;provide you with details regarding the categories of sources from which personal data is collected;provide you with details regarding the business or commercial purpose for collecting personal data;provide you with details regarding the categories of third parties with whom we share personal data;provide you with the specific pieces of personal data that we have collected about you;provide you with details regarding the categories of personal data that we have disclosed about you for a business purpose;delete the personal data that we have collected about you.Any disclosure(s) we make pursuant to your request under this Section will cover only the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request.In certain circumstances, we may need to restrict the above rights in order to safeguard the public interest (e.g. the prevention or detection of crime) and our interests (e.g. the maintenance of legal privilege).You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment from us for exercising the rights conferred to you under the California Consumer Privacy Act.If you would like to exercise any of the above California-specific rights, you (or an authorized agent acting on your behalf) can e-mail us at dataprotection@partnerre.com or call us at 1-800-261-3164.Upon receipt of a request from you exercising any of the above-listed rights, we will need to verify your identity.  To do so, we will send you a pre-assessment form within 10 business days of receiving your request.  Such pre-assessment form will, among other things, request certain contact information and ask that you certify that you are either the consumer whose personal data is the subject of the request or the authorized representative of such consumer.Your Right to Complain to the Supervisory AuthorityIf you are not satisfied with our use of your personal data or our response to any request by you to exercise any of your rights in Section “YOUR RIGHTS” or “YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT” of this Policy, or if you think that we have breached the applicable data protection laws, then you may have the right to complain to your local supervisory authority (i.e. the supervisory in the jurisdiction where you live or work) or the supervisory authority of the jurisdiction where you believe an infringement of data protection laws has occurred.  Each supervisory authority may have a different process for lodging complaints so we encourage you to contact the relevant supervisory authority first to check this.ResponsibilityPartnerRe Ltd., located at Wellesley House South, 90 Pitts Bay Road, Pembroke HM08, Bermuda is responsible for the personal data we receive in connection with your use of the Site.Contact UsIf you have any questions, have a complaint, or wish to send us comments about this Policy, please contact PartnerRe’s Data Protection Officer via e-mail at dataprotection@partnerre.com or call or write to us.  We will investigate your complaint and use reasonable efforts to respond to you as soon as possible.Bermuda:Wellesley House South 90 Pitts Bay Road Pembroke HM08 BermudaPhone: +1 441 292 0888Ireland:3rd Floor, The Exchange Georges Dock IFSC Dublin 1 IrelandPhone: +353 1 637 9600United States:200 First Stamford Place Suite 400 Stamford, Connecticut 06902Phone: +1 203-485-4200Changes to the PolicyThis Policy is dated October 15, 2020.If we make changes to this Policy, we will update the date it was last changed and publish the revised Policy on our website.Find a Contact Cookie Settings