https://www.caldwell-list.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Home/Privacy
Privacyskyadmin
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of A. Caldwell List Company, Inc..
Our postal address is
3295 River Exchange Dr.
Norcross, GA  30092
We can be reached via e-mail at guidance@caldwell-list.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 1-800-241-7425
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, an is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
Please provide us with your name and phone number.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The DMA’s Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
Privacy
About Us
Why Use Us
What Clients Say
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy