https://www.newgate.uk.com/terms-and-policies/terms-and-conditions-of-installation/
Home  /  Terms and Policies  /  Terms and Conditions of InstallationTerms and Conditions of Installation1. The company will acknowledge any order involving installation, service or repair work by the company’s engineers, in writing, following receipt of the customer’s official order. The order acknowledgement will confirm the date of the commencement for installation and whether any preparation work by others is required prior to the scheduled date for commencement, together with any details of final survey which will be undertaken by a company engineer.
2. Any failure to advise the company in writing of any change or revision of the date of commencement may result in charges being imposed to cover costs incurred by the company. Should this confirmation of cancellation or postponement not be received by the company within 5 normal working days prior to the scheduled start date, the company reserves the right to charge labour time and travel expenses, currently rated at a minimum of £350.00 per man, per day scheduled on site.
3. The company may similarly charge on a pro-rata basis for such expenses owing to abortive site visits for any reason beyond the company’s control such as, for example, the non-preparation of items agreed or the non-commissioning of the mains power supply etc.
4. A final survey will be undertaken by a company engineer prior to full acceptance of contractual liability by the company.
5. All conduit/trunking and wiring will be undertaken in compliance with the 17th Editions IEE.
6. A mains power supply must be commissioned by others, terminating in a suitable isolator/fused spur.
7. The customer will provide safe and secure storage for all goods delivered to site that are not due for installation on the date of delivery.
8. Assistance with offloading and placing of equipment adjacent to the work area will be required and where appropriate, craneage or lifting of heavy items into the installed position.
9. Free and unobstructed access must be provided during the period of installation. Time lost owing to any infringement of this condition will be chargeable at daywork rates or the relelvant premium rate where applicable.
10. The company engineer(s) must be provided with free use of 240/110v AC mains power for power tools within the work area.
11. The customer must ensure that adequate lighting will be freely available in the work area for the duration of the installation.
12. The customer must inform the company, in writing, at least 14 working days prior to commencement of installation, of any special requirements pertaining to hazardous working conditions, age limitations, medicals, permits of work etc.
13. The company will charge the customer for it’s own cost against specialist equipment and plant hire, clothing, power tools or any other article required as a condition of installation by the customer.
14. Installation will be undertaken during normal working hours, i.e. 0800-1800 hours, Monday to Friday, unless otherwise agreed in writing to the company.
15. Any additional work or equipment specified by the customer during the period of installation must be confirmed in writing to the company prior to the work being carried out. Alternatively, authorisation must be confirmed on the engineers work sheet and signed by the customer’s authorised signatory. In this event the company will raise an additional invoice to cover the additional work and materials or products authorised.
16. (Engineers Survey) The purpose of the engineers survey is to confirm the technical suitability of the equipment specified and to discuss any civil or electrical preparatory work to be done by others. Additional visits, on a “consultancy” basis, can be organised but will be chargeable at £250.00 per day.
The company will confirm any amendments to specification or conditions on installation, following the survey, if appropriate.
Related LinksTerms and Conditions of Sale
Terms and Conditions of Installation
General Statement of Intent
Health & Safety Signage
Gate Safety
Unsafe and Poorly Maintained Gates
Environmental Policy
Privacy Policy
Corruption and Bribery Policy
Equal Opportunities Policy
Contact Us
Please leave this field empty.
-- Enquiry Type --General EnquirySalesService
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Our ProductsSecurity BarriersSecurity GatesTurnstilesDrive UnitsRoad BlockersAccess Control SystemsAccessoriesCan't find what you're looking for?
Our team can design and build truly unique products, tailored to your exact specifications. If you have a specialist requirement, please contact the team at Newgate today.
Contact the TeamMenuHomepage
Contact Us
Barriers
Barriers Overview
Rising Arm Barriers
Automatic Rising Arm Barriers
Manual Rising Arm Barriers
Rising Arm Bridge Barriers
Height Restriction Barriers
Manual Swing Arm Barriers
Smart Parking Barrier
Gates
Gates Overview
Swing Gates
Automatic Swing Gates
Manual Swing Gates
Bi-folding Swing Gates
Sliding Security Gates
Manual Sliding Gates
Automatic Sliding Gates
Pedestrian Gates
Manual Pedestrian Gates
Semi Automatic Pedestrian Gates
Fully Automatic Pedestrian Gates
Road Blockers
Turnstiles
Turnstiles Overview
Single Rotor Turnstiles
Twin Rotor Turnstiles
Tripod Turnstiles
Drive Units
Drive Units Overview
Drive Units for Swing Gates
Drive Units for Sliding Gates
Access Control Systems
Accessories
About Us
Our Profile
Our Team
Job Vacancies
Accreditations
Credit Account Application
Insurance Details
Distributors Wanted
Guarantees & Warranties
Maintenance
Product Servicing
Product Repairs
Product Maintenance
Request an Engineer
Custom Security Solutions
Custom Barrier Design
Custom Gate Design
Specialist Market Sectors
Airports
Caravan and Holiday Parks
Car Parks
Council Parks
Industrial
Ports and Harbours
Retail
Schools and Education
Stadiums and Sports Grounds
Supermarkets
Theme Parks
Resources
FAQs
Gate Safety Guide
RAL Colour Chart
Maintenance Manuals
Gate Force Testing
Case Studies
News & Events
Blog
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you