http://www.stoneagetools.com/privacy
Find Us
Rentals
Catalogs
Portal Login
Jetting Calculator
Careers
1-970-259-2869
Waterblast Tools &Equipment
Sewer Jetting
Nozzles
DownholeTools
StoneAgeSolutions
StoneAgeTraining
Online Privacy Policy
StoneAge is respectful of your personal information and aims to comply with applicable data protection laws in all our dealings with personal data.
This page explains what information we may collect about you and how we use it.
StoneAge has a Privacy Officer who is responsible for StoneAge’s compliance with and enforcement of this policy. Our Privacy Officer is available to any of its employees, customers, suppliers, business partners, or others who may have questions concerning this Policy or data security practices. StoneAge agrees to cooperate with Data Protection Authorities.
Any questions, comments or complaints about these data practices can be directed to our Privacy Officer at +970-403-8536 or privacy@stoneagetools.com.
Definitions
Personal data collection
Legal basis to process personal data
Uses made of the information
Onward transfer
Marketing and other activities
E-mails you send to us
IP addresses
Use of cookies
Cookies and Google Analytics
Data storage and retention
Third parties
Links to other sites
Data integrity
Security
Children’s privacy
Changes to our privacy policy
Definitions
Personal Data: any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Data Subject: a natural person whose personal data is processed by a controller or processor.
Processing: any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Data Controller: an entity that determines the purposes, conditions, and means of the processing of personal data (StoneAge).
Data Processor: An entity that processes data on behalf of the Data Controller (e.g. Google Analytics).
Personal data collection
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information about you, such as your name, your business telephone number and email address;
Information that is provided by filling in forms on our sites. This includes information provided at the time of downloading gated material such as white papers, brochures or case studies, or completing a contact form or subscribing to newsletters;
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them;
Details of your visits to our site and emails received including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise.
Legal basis to process personal data
Under the applicable data protection laws, we need a lawful basis to collect and use your personal data. The law allows for personal data to be legally collected and used if it is necessary for a legitimate interest of the organization.
In conducting commercial business, it is not practical for us to ask every individual for his/her consent. We have assessed our business interests in carrying out marketing activities and considered the impact the collection and use of personal data could potentially have on individuals’ rights. Our databases contain business data, which is used to promote business globally and such activities are unlikely to affect the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals concerned. We have therefore concluded that the most appropriate lawful ground for the processing of your personal is ‘legitimate interest’, in your capacity as representative of your company (b2b).
In the event you request any goods and/or services from us, we will rely on our contractual relationship to process your personal data to provide such goods and/or services to you.
In certain very limited circumstances, we may also rely on a specific consent provided by you for the processing of your personal data. In those circumstances you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us – see our contact details below.
Uses made of the information
We may use information held about you in the following ways, to:
Ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
Provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we believe may interest you;
Carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
Allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; and
Notify you about changes to our service.
When contacting you for the above purposes we may do so by phone, mail, email or other electronic means, unless you tell us otherwise.
Onward transfer
StoneAge is a global corporation with operations in several countries. We have developed global data practices designed to assure Personal Information is appropriately protected. While our primary data centers are in the USA, UK, and the Netherlands, we may transfer Personal Information to StoneAge offices or representatives outside of our primary data centers. In addition, we may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. If we disclose Personal Information to a third party or to StoneAge employees outside of the USA, UK, and the Netherlands, we will ensure that such party has agreed to abide by the principles of this policy, or can otherwise assure adequate protection of such Personal Information.
Marketing and other activities
When submitting a form on StoneAge websites or mobile app, you may have the option of receiving information from us. These options include promotional information, press releases, and general updates. We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or you may contact the StoneAge marketing team at +1-970-259-2869 or marketing@stoneagetools.com.
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in response to issues relating to your account via email or phone.
We may utilize information generated through use of our online services for marketing research, such as compiling statistics on website visitors and assessing market trends and customer needs. We may collect and store information provided directly or indirectly to us through participation in online contests and/or client satisfaction surveys and the like. We may create standard usage logs through our web server, such as IP address, browser type, and access times. We use our web server to recognize your domain name and track your use of the website.
We may request certain information from you (e.g. name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or business requirements) to help us evaluate our site traffic and overall usage, improve our on-line services, and build better websites. We may add information from third parties to this collected information, for instance to research prospective clients.
We may post customer testimonials on our websites and social media channels which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer’s name. We obtain the customer’s consent prior to posting the testimonial. If you wish to request the removal of your testimonial, you may contact the StoneAge marketing team at +1-970-259-2869 or marketing@stoneagetools.com.
E-mails you send to us
Our website, mobile app, and other digital assets may contain forms or have a "Contact" button which activates your e-mail software and invites you to send your comments to a specific party.
When you send such a message, your personal data is collected only to the extent necessary to reply. If the specific party is unable to answer your question, your e-mail may be forwarded to another party and you will be informed, via e-mail, accordingly.
If you have any questions about the processing of your e-mail and related personal data, do not hesitate to include them in your message.
IP addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our partners, sponsors or advertisers. This is statistical data in aggregated form about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and will not allow our partners to identify you from such data.
Use of cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies (herein referred to in general as “cookies”) for a variety of purposes on our websites or when we send you an email. Cookies are small files that are stored on your browser when you visit a website. The main purpose is to keep a record of your visit, time spent on the site, pages visited, and searches made. Cookies generally assist users by performing certain functions such as saving personal preferences related to the site visit.
Cookies enable us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage pattern;
Speed up your web searches;
Allow you to more easily find previously viewed content;
Allow us to customize our site according to your individual interests.
The main types of cookies we use are:
Session – to allow the user to navigate our sites more easily; for example, you don’t have to go in as a new user every time.
Analytics – to improve the user experience of the site by providing statistics on how the site is used.
Tracking – we may use cookies hosted by third parties which allow for an improved site experience by collecting data such as browser, IP address, pages visited, content viewed, timing of visits and clickstream data. When you visit our websites or open an email we have sent, we or one of our third-party partners may place a cookie on your browser.
You can refuse to accept all or some cookies by modifying settings within your browser. However, if you block the session cookies, your browsing experience on our websites may be hindered. You may also delete all cookies on your browser. Click help on your browser for information about managing your cookies.
Cookies and Google Analytics
StoneAge websites use Google Analytics (Data Processor), a web analysis service of Google Inc. (‘Google’) to analyze the traffic on our websites. The information provided by the cookie concerning your use of the website (including your IP-address) will be transferred to a Google server in the United States and saved there. Google will use this information to analyze your use of the website, to compile reports about the website activities for the website operator and to provide additional services concerning the website and internet utilization. Google may transfer this information to third parties, if this is a legal requirement or if third parties are commissioned by Google to process the information. Google will in no event connect your IP-address with other Google data. You can prevent the installation of cookies with the relevant browser software setting; however, in this case you may not be able to use all website functions to the full extent. Through use of the StoneAge websites, you agree to the processing of your data by Google in the way described above and for the purpose stated above.
More about Google Analytics privacy compliance can be found at https://privacy.google.com/businesses/compliance.
Data storage and retention
We collect and store personal data for our business database. As such, we will only retain your personal data for as long as we believe it is up to date (e.g. if it is associated with a business that is included in our database). We verify our data periodically and if we learn that you are no longer involved with a business that is in our database, we will remove your data from our records.
We store all information about you on secure servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
The Data Subject has the right to obtain from StoneAge a copy of their personal data collected in a common format.
To request removal of your personal information, contact us at privacy@stoneagetools.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Third parties
We use third parties (e.g., emailing or direct mail services, marketing services, Web analytics) to assist with the marketing services on our site. StoneAge will only disclose information to third parties if that is necessary for the fulfillment of the purpose(s) identified above and within the bounds of legal purpose to process the data. Third parties are not permitted to use such information for their own purposes and StoneAge will not share, sell, trade, rent, or otherwise divulge your personal data.
Links to other sites
Our websites may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. Since we do not control them, we encourage you to review their privacy policies.
Data integrity
StoneAge will use Personal Information only in ways compatible with the purpose for which it was collected or authorized by our customers.
Security
StoneAge is committed to ensuring the security of the Personal Information that it processes. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of Personal Information, StoneAge has adopted appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Information we process. StoneAge strives to protect the privacy of the Personal Information it processes, and inadvertent disclosure is unlikely. In the event of such an inadvertent disclosure, StoneAge will take all commercially reasonable steps to limit and remedy the disclosure. However, StoneAge cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those procedures or use Personal Information for improper purposes.
Children’s Privacy
Personal data for a child, under the age of 16 years, requires consent before releasing by the authorized holder of parental responsibility over the child. StoneAge shall make reasonable efforts to verify in such cases that consent is given or authorized by the holder of parental responsibility over the child, taking into consideration available technology.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes made to StoneAge’s Privacy Policy shall be documented and posted on the StoneAge website.
Need help with a job? Contact Our Support Team
2019 © All Rights Reserved. Patents | Trademarks | Terms | Warranty | Privacy