https://www.baf.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Basic American Foods - Corporate
Corporate
Corporate
Foodservice
BAF/NET
Sales Team Portal
Our Markets
FoodserviceConsumer BrandsIngredients
About BAF
Living Our ValuesOur StoryOur Team
CareersBlogContact
Corporate
Corporate
Foodservice
BAF/NET
Sales Team Portal
Search for:
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for BAF.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via our contact form, sample ordering form or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to process and ship your sample order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SECURITY
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
COOKIES
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
LINKS
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
UPDATES
This policy was last updated on January 1, 2020. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 888-994-5434 or via email.
Blog Find a Sales Rep
Privacy Policy  |
Supply Chain Statement  |
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
2999 Oak Road, Suite 800, Walnut Creek, CA 94597
Phone
1 800 227 4050
Email info@baf.com
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.
© Copyright 2020 Basic American Foods. All rights reserved.
JoinOurTeam
TRY ASAMPLE
Current Employees
As a current employee, you can view and apply to open positions from your work or personal computer by logging into BAF/NET using your BAF email address and network password. If you need login credentials, please contact your supervisor.
Continue to BAF/NET