http://www.eigca.org/cookie-policy
Toggle navigation
Menu
Home
About
About the EIGCA
Mission Statement
History of EIGCA
Organigram
President’s Message
The Harry Colt Award
Members
Membership
Find a Member
Become a Member
CPD
FAQs
Latest
Latest from EIGCA
Subscribe to Newsletter
Newsletter Back Issues
Design
Design
Build a golf course
Select a golf course architect
Architectual design competition
Golf course design fees
Resources
Library
Downloads
Events Diary
Covid 19 Help Page
Partners
Partnership Directory
Partnership Programme
Education
Become a golf course architect
Career path examples
Careers-Vocational Qualification
Sustainability
Golf course sustainability
Sustainable golf course development
Regulators and other authorities
Sustainable golf course development CPD
EIGCA Sustainable Design Register
Accessing this site means you agree to our cookie policy.
EIGCA Cookie Policy
Read our Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies – these are small text files that are placed on your computer to save and collect basic information to help our website provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications, such as Google Analytics, and to make your browsing experience more efficient. As a visitor to our website you consent, through the use of cookies, to us collecting information on you such as, but not limited to, your IP address, geographical location of where you accessed our website, information on how you use our website, anonymised information collected by cookies on our website, and information on the type of device and browser you use to access our website.
This information is anonymised and we use this for a legitimate interest to help us provide a website / portal in the most effective manner for you. As a rule, cookies make browsing our website a better experience. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers. If you have any questions about either our privacy or cookie policy please contact our Data Protection Officer on info@eigca.org.
Date published: 21st May 2018
Back
Golf Course Design
Read More
Covid-19 - How we are helping you ...
Read More
© 2020 EIGCA
Tel: +44 1483 891831
Email us
Contact us
Privacy / GDPR
Cookie Policy
×
Members Area
Cancel
Login
Forgotten your Password?
If you have forgotten your password, enter your email address and press "send".
New Password Sent! Check your E-mail Address!
E-mail Address not found!
Send