http://www.valent.com/privacy-policy
full-logo
wordmark-logo
call
email
call-with-color
email-with-color
berries
corn
cotton
grapes
peanuts
rice
soybeans
tree-fruit
tree-nuts
vegetables
wheat
other
customerfocus
employees
innovation
professional-excellence
stewardship
teamwork
audio
play
pause
disease-control
insect-control
pgrs-and-protectants
seed-treatments
soil-health
weed-control
fall
spring
summer
winter
envelope
facebook
linkedin
twitter
omri-logo
sustainable-solutions-logo
wayfinder-3
wayfinder-2
wayfinder-1
sumitomo-logo
pdf
minus
pin
check-mark
grid
website
home
hamburger
chevron
close
expand
search
exclamation
Jump to Header
Jump to Main Content
Jump to Footer
COVID-19 Update
As the impact of the COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic continues to expand, Valent U.S.A.'s top priority is, and will continue to be, the safety and well-being of our employees, customers, partners, and growers.
We have implemented new policies to minimize exposure risks, including a work-from-home policy, canceling all travel and in-person meetings, following social distancing and other recommendations from the CDC, and strictly adhering to local government requirements.
We remain committed to helping our distribution partners, grower customers, and their families weather this time of uncertainty by ensuring that they have the products, solutions, and services necessary to manage their 2020 crops. Read more about how we are supporting our partners here.
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Effective Date January 31, 2020
(last updated August 4, 2020)
Applicability
This Policy describes Valent U.S.A. LLC's information collection and use practices. This includes for our websites. It applies to information we collect from you when you interact with us. It applies to information we collect from individuals who work at organizations that purchase our products or services. It also applies to job applicants.
Categories of Information We Collect
Listed below are details about the categories of information we collect:
Contact information. We collect your name and phone number. We also collect your address and email address. We collect your job title and organization name.
Demographic information. We collect your zip code. We collect location information from website visitors. This may include precise location information.
Job applicant information. We collect name, phone number, and address from job applicants. We also collect and verify resume, employment eligibility, education, and employment history. Before employment begins, we conduct background checks, which include criminal and social security reports, drug tests, and DMV reports (for certain employees).
Site usage information. We collect logs and session data when you visit our website or use our applications. We collect browser and operating system information. We collect what site you came from or what site you visit when you leave us. We collect your IP address. We also collect device identifiers.
Business Purposes for Information Use
We use the categories of information for the business and commercial purposes outlined here:
We use information to respond to your requests. We use contact information to respond to you. We also use contact information to communicate with you about our policies and terms. We use job applicant information to process your application if you apply for a job with us.
We use information for marketing purposes. We use contact information to notify you about new products and special offers. This may be by email or text. It may also be on social media platforms. This includes information about Valent U.S.A. LLC and our Affiliate companies. It also includes information we think you would find interesting, such as newsletters or whitepapers. We use contact information to notify you if you win a promotion or sweepstakes.
We use information to improve our products and services. We use site usage information to make our website and products better. We use your contact, demographic, and site usage information to customize your experience with us. We use your contact and demographic information for market research.
We use information to protect our company and constituents. We use contact, demographic, and site usage information to protect our company and customers. We use this same information to identify fraud and secure our systems. We use all categories of information for other purposes as permitted by law.
How We Collect Information
We collect categories of information in the following ways:
We collect information directly from you. We collect your contact, demographic, and job applicant information from you. This could be in person or over the phone. It could also be on our website.
We collect information passively. We use tracking tools to collect site usage and demographic information. Tracking tools include browser cookies and web beacons. We do this on our websites and in emails that we send to you. We collect information about users over time when you use our websites. We have third parties collect personal information this way.
We collect information about you from others. We collect contact, demographic, and site usage information from our business partners. Social media platforms may give us information about you. We purchase contact information from third parties. We may collect contact and demographic information about you from other Affiliate companies.
We Combine Information
We combine information collected in-person with that we receive online. We may also combine information we get from a third party with information we already have. We also combine information we have with information we get from our related companies.
When We Share Information with Others
We share categories of information as described here:
We share information with related companies. We share information with our affiliates and subsidiaries ("Affiliate(s)"). These related entities are: Valent BioSciences LLC, Pace International, LLC, and Mycorrhizal Applications LLC. We will share information with future related companies. Information we share includes contact information. It also includes demographic, and site usage information.
We share information with vendors who perform services on our behalf. We share contact, demographic, and site usage information with vendors who provide services on our behalf.
We share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. We share information we collect about you to respond to a court order or subpoena. We share information in response to a government agency or investigatory body request. We share information we collect when we investigate potential fraud.
We share information with any successor to all or part of our business. If all or part of our business was sold, we may share your information as part of that transaction. If there is a merger or acquisition, we may also share your information. If there is a financing or bankruptcy, we may share your information.
We share information as permitted by law and for other reasons we may describe to you.
You Have Certain Choices
We provide you with options on how we use your information, as described here:
You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the "unsubscribe" instructions in any promotional message you get from us. Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still send you transactional messages. These include responses to your questions or other necessary information about your account.
You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we and our vendors use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our Do Not Track Policy, please refer to our Do Not Track policy.
We Use Reasonable Security Measures
The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites or apps will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.
We Store Information in the United States
We are located in the United States. We maintain our digital properties and businesses for use in the U.S. Our services and properties are not intended for people who reside elsewhere. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country. Our sites and businesses are subject to US laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country. By submitting your information, you agree to the processing of it in the U.S.
Third Party Sites and Links
If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This includes our pages on social media sites. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of these websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party practices.
Information Collection from Children
Our sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email us. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy. Please mark your inquiries "COPPA Information Request." Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this Policy, you can write to us at:
Valent U.S.A. LLC
Attn: Privacy Office
4600 Norris Canyon Road
San Ramon, CA 94583
You can email us at contactus@valent.com.
Policy Updates
We may make changes or updates to this Policy. We will notify you at your email address we have on file of any material changes to this Policy as required by law. All changes will also be posted on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.
Show More
Show More
Show More