http://www.doorware.com/site/privacy.cfm
Supplying Door Hardware For Over 15 Years
Hardware Search
Home
Contractor Login
Specials
My Account
Contact Us
Checkout
Track Your Order
Cart Total $0.00
Need Help with Door Hardware? Call us
954-776-5340
Door Hardware
Door Knobs
Door Levers
Handlesets
Deadbolts
Door Stops & Bumpers
Door Hinges
Flush & Surface Bolts
Pull & Push Plates
Pocket Door Hardware
Door Pulls
Flush Pulls
Stainless Steel Levers
Door Knockers
Kick Plates
Appliance Pulls
Shower Door Pulls
Security Hardware
Screen Door Hardware
Cabinet Hardware
New Items
Everything Else
Clearance Items
Commercial Hardware
Door Closers
Commercial Lock Sets
Keypad Locks
Panic Devices
Grab Bars
Store Door Hardware
Shop By Brand
Acorn
AHI
Baldwin
Bommer Hinges
Brass Accents
Deltana
Don-Jo
Emtek
First Impressions
Grandeur Decorative
Imperial USA
INOX
KABA
Kwikset
LCN Door Closers
Mul-T-Lock
Omnia
PDQ Manufacturing
RK International
Schlage
Weslock
Michael Healy Designs
Help Center
Hardware Help Center
Hardware FAQ's
Door Hardware Finishes
Order Status
Shipping Information
Product Returns
About Us
Contact Us
Specials
Join our mailing list and
get great
deals sent to you!
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
FREE GROUND SHIPPING
All orders over $250.00 - Ends Last day of December
** COVID-19 Update: We are Fully Operational **
Privacy Policy - Doorware.com
Thank you for accessing the Doorware.com
Website ("Site") operated by
US Homeware Inc.
We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information.
No information obtained from our websites will be sold to any other party. We do not derive any
income from the sale of personal information. Information supplied to us is used for
the purpose of supplying high quality home products to you our customers.
To learn more, please read this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and (under certain conditions) disclose your
personal information. This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal
information. Finally, this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use and
disclosure of your personal information. By visiting the Site directly or through another site, you
accept the practices described in this Policy.
This privacy policy applies to the Site.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web site not operated by
US Homeware Inc. to which the Site links or that links to the Site.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
1.        Information Collection.
We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site. One goal
in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful,
and customized experience. For example, we can use your personal information to:
help make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
help you quickly find information, products, and services.
help us create content that is most relevant to you.
alert you to new information, products, and services that we offer.
(a) Registration and Ordering. Before using certain parts of any Site or ordering products,
you must complete an online registration form. During registration, you will be prompted
to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to your name,
shipping and billing address(es), phone number, email address, and credit card number.
These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders and
to communicate with you about your order.
If we encounter a problem when processing your order, your personal information may be used to contact you.
(b) Email Addresses. Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address
for purposes including but not limited to: to register for a contest or sweepstakes; to
request us to notify you of new technologies, new product styles, or product sizes; to sign up
for email newsletters and special offers; Your participation in a contest or sweepstakes is completely
voluntary, so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us. We use
this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes.
We may post on the Site the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners.
By entering a contest or sweepstakes, you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter
and special offers and this will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes.
(c) Cookies and Other Technology. Like many sites, the Site employs cookies and web beacons
(also known as clear GIF technology or "action tags") to speed your navigation of the Site,
recognize you and your access privileges, and track your Site usage.
(i) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your
Internet browser on your computer's hard drive. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies.
You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive,
but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of the Site. We have to use cookies
to enable you to select products, place them in an online shopping cart, and to purchase those products.
If you do this, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase.
THE SITE'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER'S CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION. Our cookies are not "spyware."
(ii) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on
the Site has been viewed and, if so, how many times.
(iii) We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or
to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising
effectiveness (such as which web pages are visited).
Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal
information collected by us.
(d) Log Files. As is true of most web sites, the Site server automatically recognizes
the Internet URL from which you access the Site. We may also log your Internet protocol ("IP") address,
Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification
and system troubleshooting purposes.
(e) Age. We respect children's privacy. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal
information from children under age 13. Elsewhere on the Site, you have represented and warranted
that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian.
If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a
parent or guardian to assist you.
2.        Information Use and Disclosure.
(a) Internal Use. We use your personal information to process your order and provide you
with customer service. We may internally use your personal information to improve the Sites'
content and layout, to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts
(including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace
information about visitors to the Site. In order to facilitate such use and the other
use described in this Section 2, we may share your information with affiliates under
our control.
(b) Communications with You: We will use your personal information to communicate with you about
the Site and your orders and deliveries. Also, we may send you a confirmation email when you
register with us. We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it
is necessary (for example, if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance.)
Also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes;
to request us to notify you of new technologies, new product styles, or product sizes; to sign up
for email newsletters and special offers; or to sign up for the Site Offers.
If you submit your email address, we use it to deliver the information to you. We always permit you
to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see the opt out section, below, for more details).
Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of
receiving emails related to your orders.
(c) External Use. We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection.
We do not sell, rent, trade, license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or
financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under the Site control,
except that:
(i) As do most catalog and Internet retailers, we sometimes use others to perform specific
functions on our behalf. When we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose
information to help them to perform their service. For example, in order to deliver products to you,
we must share some information. We partner with third parties (such as the U.S. Postal Service,
United Parcel Service, and Federal Express) to ship products, to ensure delivery, and so
that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the
quality of the service of the third party. In the example of shippers, we provide them some personally
identifiable information such as your name, shipping address and phone number.
(ii) Similarly, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide
your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers.
When we submit your credit card number for authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to
protect your information. (More on this below in Data Security.)
(iv) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials
conducting investigations; subpoenas; a court order; or if we are otherwise required to
disclose such information by law. We also will release personal information where disclosure is
necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect
ourselves or others. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone
uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud.
(v) We will not sell or rent personally identifiable information to other companies
as part of our regular course of business. However, it's possible that we might acquire or merge
with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets.
If that happens, your personal information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure
will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect.
DATA SECURITY
The Site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the
confidentiality of your personal information, including Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") for all financial
transactions through the Site. We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online,
and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. Access to your
personal information is restricted. Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform
a specific job are granted access to your personal information. Finally, we rely on third-party service
providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware. We believe that their
security procedures are adequate. For example, when you visit the Site, you access servers that are
kept in a secure physical environment, behind a electronic firewall.
OPT OUT/CORRECTIONS
Upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information;
(b) stop sending emails to your email address; and/or (c) disable your account to prevent
any future purchases through that account.
OFFLINE COLLECTION, USE & DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
As you might expect from us, the majority of information that we collect is obtained
through the Site, and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information.
We also may collect information offline, where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information.
One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions. When someone calls,
we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer
the question. When we need to store information, such as order information, we will enter it into
our database through SSL encryption. (See the Data Security section above for more information).
Another example involves faxes. If you fax something to us, we will act upon the fax and then either
store it a locked repository or we will shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information.
There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline
(for example, we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information),
and this Policy doesn't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses. As we mentioned,
we will try to treat offline collection, uses, and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
If we change or update this Privacy Policy, we will post changes and updates on the Site
so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use and disclose. We encourage
you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been
changed or updated.
Doorware.com 2095 N. Andrews Ave - Pompano Beach, FL 33069 - Phone: 954-776-5340 Fax: 954-776-5098
Door Hardware Specials -
Privacy Policy -
Terms -
About Us -
Clearance Items
All trademarks and registered trademarks are of their respective companies.
©Copyright 2020 US Homeware Inc.,
all rights reserved. Prices, promotions, specifications, availability and
terms of offers may change without
notice. Despite our best efforts, a small number of items may contain pricing,
typography, or photography
errors. Correct prices and promotions are validated at the time your order
is processed.