http://www.doeanderson.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to http://www.doeanderson.com and Doe-Anderson and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Doe-Anderson include http://www.doeanderson.com. By using the Doe-Anderson website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. Collection of Your Personal Information Doe-Anderson may collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your: Age Gender We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or nonpersonal information in the future. Sharing Information With Third Parties Doe-Anderson does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Doe-Anderson may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Doe-Anderson, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Doe-Anderson may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Doe-Anderson or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Doe-Anderson; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Doe-Anderson or the public. Tracking User Behavior Doe-Anderson may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Doe-Anderson to determine what Doe-Anderson services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Doe-Anderson to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Doe-Anderson may use heat-mapping and click-tracking tools to determine user behavior on the Site and serve the best experience possible to our users. Automatically Collected Information Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Doe-Anderson. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Doe-Anderson website. Links This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. Children Under Thirteen Doe-Anderson does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. Email Communications From time to time, Doe-Anderson may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys and/or other general communication. To improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Doe-Anderson or click on a link therein. If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Doe-Anderson, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the unsubscribe button in the email communication. Changes to this Statement Doe-Anderson reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our Site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy. Contact Information Doe-Anderson welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Doe-Anderson has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Doe-Anderson at: Doe-Anderson620 W Main StLouisville, Kentucky 40202 Email Address: info@doeanderson.comTelephone number: 502-589-1700 Effective as of October 27, 2017.
Menu
Close