http://www.rivingtonstreetstudio.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Projects
Education: Further & Higher
Education: Schools & Early Years
Housing
Masterplanning
Public, Commercial, Health & Leisure
Landscape
Practice
People
Current Opportunities
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy notice of Rivington Street Studio Ltd, trading as Rivington Street Studio.
In this document, ’’RSS’’, “we”, “our”, or “us” refer to Rivington Street Studio.
We are company number 5379467 registered in the UK. Our registered office is at 28 Navigation Road London E3 3TG.
Introduction.
1. This is a notice to inform you of our policy about all information that we record about you. It sets out the conditions under which we may process any information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us. It covers information that could identify you (“personal information”) and information that could not. In the context of the law and this notice, “process” means collect, store, transfer, use or otherwise act on information.
2. We take seriously the protection of your privacy and confidentiality. We understand that anyone we do business with, and our staff and are entitled to know that their personal data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them and will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third party.
3. We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of all information you provide to us, and hope that you reciprocate.
4. Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented, including that required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
5. The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our obligations to you in regards to the processing and control of your personal data. We do this now, by requesting that you read the information provided at UK Govt Guide to GDPR
6. Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information provided by you.
The bases on which we process information about you
The law requires us to determine under which defined bases we process different categories of your personal information, and to notify you of the basis for each category.
If a basis on which we process your personal information is no longer relevant then we shall immediately stop processing your data.
If the basis changes then if required by law we shall notify you of the change and of any new basis under which we have determined that we can continue to process your information.
1. Information we process because we have a contractual obligation with you
When we enter into a business agreement with you, or otherwise agree to our terms and conditions, a contract is formed between you and us. In order to carry out our obligations under that contract we must process the information you give us. Some of this information may be personal information.
We may use it in order to:
• verify your identity for security purposes
• provide you with our services
• provide you with suggestions and advice on services. We process this information on the basis there is a contract between us, or that you have requested we use the information before we enter into a legal contract.
Additionally, we may aggregate this information in a general way and use it to provide class information, for example to monitor our performance with respect to a particular service we provide. If we use it for this purpose, you as an individual will not be personally identifiable.
2. Information we process with your consent
Through certain actions when otherwise there is no contractual relationship between us, such as when you ask us to provide you more information about our business, including job opportunities and our services, you provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal information.
Sometimes you might give your consent implicitly, such as when you send us a message by e-mail to which you would reasonably expect us to reply.
Except where you have consented to our use of your information for a specific purpose, we do not use your information in any way that would identify you personally. If you have given us explicit permission to do so, we may from time to time pass your name and contact information to selected associates whom we consider may provide services or products you would find useful.
We continue to process your information on this basis until you withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer exists.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by instructing us via email at rss@rssa.co.uk
3. Information we process because we have a legal obligation
We are subject to the law like everyone else. Sometimes, we must process your information in order to comply with a statutory obligation.
For example, we may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or court order.
This may include your personal information.
Specific uses of information you provide to us
4. Information provided on the understanding that it will be shared with a third party
Our website has no interactive content or messaging facility.
However, it does link to our Instagram page which allows you to post information with a view to that information being read, copied, downloaded, or used by other people.
In posting personal information, it is up to you to satisfy yourself about the privacy level of every person who might use it.
We do not specifically use this information except to allow it to be displayed or shared.
Once your information enters the public domain, we have no control over what any individual third party may do with it. We accept no responsibility for their actions at any time.
Provided your request is reasonable and there is no legal basis for us to retain it, then at our discretion we may agree to your request to delete personal information that you have posted. You can make a request by contacting us at rss@rssa.co.uk
5. Complaints regarding content on our website
Our website is a publishing medium but, as noted above, has no interactive content or messaging facility. We do not moderate or control what is posted on our Instagram account.
If you complain about any of the content on our website or Instagram account, we shall investigate your complaint.
If we feel it is justified or if we believe the law requires us to do so, we shall remove the content while we investigate.
6. Job application and employment
If you send us information in connection with a job application, we will deem that you have consented for us to retain that information for potential employment opportunities only for up to 6 months.
If we employ you, we will provide a specific data privacy notice for your acceptance.
7. Complaining
When we receive a complaint, we record all the information you have given to us.
We use that information to resolve your complaint.
If your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the information contained in your complaint. We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our sole discretion as to whether we do give information, and if we do, what that information is.
8. Affiliate and business partner information
This is information given to us by you in your capacity as an affiliate of us or as a business partner.
It allows us to recognise contacts that you have referred to us, and to give credit for such referrals. The information is not used for any other purpose.
We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the information and of the terms of our relationship.
We expect any affiliate or partner to agree to reciprocate this policy.
9. Cookies
We do not use Cookies on our website.
10. Personal identifiers from your browsing activity
Requests by your web browser to our servers for web pages and other content on our website are not recorded.
Disclosure and sharing of your information
11. Access to your personal information
11.1. At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you. To obtain a copy of any such information you may send us a request at rss@rssa.co.uk
11.2. After receiving the request, we will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information, and whether we require any fee for providing it to you.
12. Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information we hold about you, you may contact us at rss@rssa.co.uk
This may limit the service we can provide to you.
13. Verification of your information
When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action. This is important to safeguard your information.
Other matters
14. How you can complain
If you are not happy with our privacy policy or have a complaint, then you should tell us by email. Our address is rss@rssa.co.uk
If a dispute is not settled, we hope you will agree to attempt to resolve it by engaging in good faith with us in a process of mediation or arbitration. If you are in any way dissatisfied about how we process your personal information, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. This can be done at ICO UK
15. Retention period for personal data
Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal information only for as long as required by us: • to provide you with the services you have requested; • to comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities; • to support a claim or defence in court.
16. Compliance with the law
Our privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every country or legal jurisdiction in which we aim to do business. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your jurisdiction, please notify us at rss@rssa.co.uk
17. Review of this privacy policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary. We advise you to print a copy for your records. If you have any question regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
18. Confidentiality agreements
This policy is intended to sit alongside any confidentiality agreements or privacy requirements contained in any contract between us. We will always aim to abide by such requirements as part of our business with you. Should you have any complaint in respect of confidentiality and disclosure of information in relationship to our contract with you, please contact the account manager for that contract or email rss@rssa.co.uk . We will aim to investigate the complaint and resolve any concerns forthwith.