http://www.coilcoating.org/index.php/misc/privacy
Find A Supplier
Visit NCCA's Blog
Privacy Policy
The National Coil Coating Association (NCCA) collects IP address/domain name combinations of users to the Web site, the electronic mail addresses of users who communicate with NCCA via electronic mail, aggregate information on pages users access or visit, user-specific information on pages users access or visit and information volunteered by users.
NCCA uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our site, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the site or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users. NCCA does not share user lists with outside parties, including advertisers. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our site are most (and least) popular based on traffic to those areas. NCCA does not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for our users.
Any communications or materials sent to the Web site and/or Email Newsletter by any user via electronic mail or otherwise, including any comments, data, questions, suggestions or the like, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Any use of such material does not violate any user's rights including moral rights, privacy rights, proprietary or other property rights, publicity rights, rights to credit for material or ideas, or any other right, including the right to approve the way NCCA uses such material. Any material submitted to this Web site and/or Email Newsletter may be adapted, broadcast, changed, copied, disclosed, licensed, performed, posted, published, sold and transmitted by NCCA anywhere in the world, in any medium.
By submitting information to NCCA user consents to the use of it as described above. If user does not want to be contacted by NCCA in the future, user should not submit any data to NCCA
To keep user in control of user's information and the communications directed to user, NCCA allows user to opt-out of receiving communications from NCCA. If user objects to any use of user's information by NCCA, user may send a request via electronic mail to ncca@coilcoating.org
This privacy policy sets forth NCCA's current practices and procedures with respect to privacy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify or alter all or portions of this policy at any time. If our policy changes in the future, the updated policy will be posted here so that you will have the latest information on our data collection and use procedures. This policy was last updated on April 1, 2005.
Like Us
Share This Page
Home
| About NCCA
| Visit NCCA's Blog
| Member Login
End Uses
Benefits
Process
Education
Find A Supplier
Be A Member
News
End Uses
Construction
Transportation
Appliances
HVAC
Furniture
Other Goods
Service Centers
Students/Educators
Architects
Benefits
Beauty
Durability
Innovation
Sustainability
Cost
Education
FAQs
Tutorials
Case Studies
Toolkits
Member Company Available Courses
Other Tools
Order Publications
Be A Member
Benefits
Eligibility
Application
Member Companies
News
Events
Press Releases & Articles
Industry Partners
About NCCA
Board of Directors & Executive Committee
NCCA Staff
NCCA
Terms
Privacy
Members
Member News
Events
Awards
Resources
NCCA University
Marketing & More
Webinars
Statistics
Technical Bulletins
Meeting Proceedings
Board & Committees
Member Directory
Fameline Products Co., Ltd.
National Coil Coating Association
1300 Sumner Ave. Cleveland ,
OH 44115
P: (216) 241-7333
F: (216) 241-0105
E: ncca@coilcoating.org
© 2012 National Coil Coating Association. All Rights Reserved.
Terms
|				Privacy
|				Site Map