http://www.tensor.co.uk/privacy-policy-sites
+44 (0)1480 215530
Helpdesk: +44 (0)1480 211594
Time & Attendance
Time & Attendance Hardware
Biometric Time & Attendance
Clocking Terminal
Hand Scanner Terminal
Smart Cards
Facial Recognition Time and Attendance
Time & Attendance Software
WinTA.NET
Self Service Module (SSM)
Mobile SSM App
Construction CSCS Card
Capita SIMS Module
Fire Roll Call App
Time & Attendance Case Studies
Pennine Healthcare:..Tensor and..Daher Aerospace..Read more
Access Control
Access Control Hardware
Door Controllers
Proximity Card Readers
Long-Range Card Readers & RF Receivers
Biometric Readers
ievo Biometric Readers
Gates, Barriers & Turnstiles
Smart Cards
Helios IP Intercom
Facial Recognition Access Control
Contactless Exit Buttons
Access Control Software
WinAC.NET
Construction CSCS Card
Other
Construction Site Security
Access Control Case Studies
Pennine Healthcare:..Daher Aerospace..Tensor is just..Read more
Visitor Monitoring
Monitoring Contractor and Visitor Systems
MCVS
Self-Service Visitor Management (SSVM) App
Prison Pass
Badge ID
Visitor Monitoring Case Studies
Second Largest..Thomas Swan..Teknoflex use..Read more
Human Resources
Human Resources Management Software
WinHR Start
WinHR Lite
WinHR Business
WinHR Enterprise
Human Resources Management Case Studies
Daher Aerospace..Tensor brings..Tensor speeds..Read more
CCTV
CCTV and Integrated Systems
CCTV Surveillance
CCTV Systems
Integrated Solutions
Remote Monitoring
Facial Recognition
Mobile Facial Recognition
ANPR Solutions
CCTV Case Studies
Tensor CCTV..Building s..DHL Inside..Read more
Building Management Systems
BMS
Energy Management
Company
Our Company
About Us
Accreditations
Jobs
COVID SECURE
Our Customers
Customers
Case Studies
Our Partners
Distributors
Technology Partners
Customer Support
Helpdesk Support
Book a Demo - On-Site / Online
We Are Open!
Contact Us
Name:
Company:
Email:
Telephone:
Enquiry:
Please leave this field empty.
Please read the Tensor Privacy Policy before submitting your enquiry.
I acknowledge and agree to Tensor PLC's Privacy Policy, available here.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (GDPR)
Version 1.1 (Dated: 23rd May 2018)
Scope
This policy applies to the following businesses:
Tensor plc which is a company registered in England (Company Number : 03670909) that manufactures, markets/sells, installs & maintains time, security & energy management solutions & systems, with registered offices at Hail Weston House, Hail Weston, St Neots, St Neots, PE19 5JY
Tensor Systems Ltd which is a company registered in England (Company Number : 02718543,) that is a subsidiary of Tensor plc.
Tensor Time Systems LLP which is a partnership registered in England (Company Number : OC306959) that is a subsidiary of Tensor plc.
Tensor Time & Energy LLP which is a partnership registered in England (Company Number : OC364239) that is a subsidiary of Tensor plc.
Collectively, the above companies are defined as ‘Tensor’.
The privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website and our wider services.  Further information in relation to job applicant privacy can be found here.
Glossary of Terms
What is personal data?
Personal data relates to any information about a natural person that makes you identifiable which may include (but is not limited to):
Names and contact information (i.e. email addresses and telephone numbers)
National Insurance Numbers
Employment history
Employee numbers
Credit History
Personal tax information
Payroll and accounting data
What is sensitive personal data?
Sensitive personal data refers to the above but includes genetic data and biometric data.  For example:
Medical conditions
Religious or philosophical beliefs and political opinions
Racial or ethnic origin
Convictions and financial records
Biometric data (e.g. photo in an electronic passport)
What is a Data Controller?
For general data protection regulation purposes, the “data controller” means the person or organisation who decides the purposes for which and the way in which any personal data is processed.
The data controller is Tensor plc, Hail Weston House, Hail Weston, St Neots, CAMBS, PE19 5JY.
The data protection officer can be contacted by email on dpo@tensor.co.uk or by telephone on 01480 215530.
What is a Data Processor?
A “data processor” is a person or organisation which processes personal data for the controller.
What is Data Processing?
Data processing is any operation or set of operations performed upon personal data, or sets of it, be it by automated systems or not. Examples of data processing explicitly listed in the text of the GDPR are: collection, recording, organising, structuring, storing, adapting, altering, retrieving, consulting, using, disclosing by transmission, disseminating or making available, aligning or combining, restricting, erasure or destruction.
What do we mean by Business to Business?
PLC, LTD, LLP incorporated partnerships, trusts and foundations, local authorities and government institutions.
What do we mean by Business to Consumer?
Private clients, sole traders, trusts and foundations.
What information do we collect about you and how?
Tensor, as a Data Controller, is bound by the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
You agree that we are entitled to obtain, use and process the information you provide to us to enable us to discharge our services and for other related purposes including;
Updating and enhancing customer & prospective customer records
Marketing & advertising purposes
Analysis for management purposes
Statutory returns
Legal and regulatory compliance
Crime prevention
We collect information about you when you fill in any of the forms on our website (i.e. sending an enquiry, signing up for our newsletter, etc.). Website usage information is collected using cookies.
When submitting forms on our website we automatically collect & process the data via a third party and use the data in accordance with this policy and Tensor’s other internal data protection policies.
Analytics – how visitors use our website
We use Google Analytics & SEO Moz to store information about how visitors use our website so that we can make improvements and provide visitors with a better user experience.
Google Analytics & Moz are third-party information storage system that records information about the pages you visit, the length of time you were on specific pages and the website in general, how you arrived at the site and what you clicked on when you were there. These cookies do not store any personal information about you (e.g. name, address, etc.) and we do not share the data. You can view their privacy policies below:
Google – http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Moz – https://moz.com/privacy-policy
IP addresses
An IP or Internet Protocol Address is a unique numerical address assigned to a computer as it logs on to the internet. Tensor uses IPFingerprint web analytics for marketing purposes which collects information about your IP address, computer and your visits to and use of our websites. No personal details are captured through the collection of you IP address. IPFingerprint store IP address details securely and confidentially for the functioning of their service and never share these, or any other secure details with third parties.
Internet Based Advertising
We use Linkedin, Facebook and Twitter advertising services and as such there are tracking codes installed on our website so that we can manage the effectiveness of these campaigns.  We do not store any personal data within this type of tracking.
Brochure Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on our website is provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available, users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications. Tensor accepts no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third party websites and advise users to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications. Please note that for the purpose of downloading brochures from our website personal data (name and email address) is transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller. The data is stored for the purpose of processing the download request or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
OnePush Notifications
Tensor has implemented the OnePush Notification SDK throughout its websites for providing real-time notifications on website updates. The SDK enables Tensor to collect certain information from users of the SDK’s functionality (collectively, “SDK Information”), which generally helps provide developers with functionality to target and personalize the notifications they send to website users. This data collected includes but is not limited to :
Users mobile advertising identifiers, such as Apple IDFAs and Android Advertising identifiers
User email addresses
User IP address
Device push token
Precise location (e.g. GPS-level) data
Network information, language & time zone
Product preferences, and privacy preferences
OneSignal, Inc. and Tensor jointly own the SDK Information and share the personal data, and each Party shall be entitled (without further compensation to the other) to use, share, market, license, sell, store, and otherwise exploit the SDK Information to the maximum extent permitted by law, which shall include using the SDK Information for cross-app, cross-device, and other interest-based advertising, analytics and market research. Without limiting the foregoing, neither Party shall use SDK Information for any of the following purposes:
employment eligibility
credit eligibility
health eligibility or information
insurance eligibility, underwriting, or pricing
On-Line Chat
Tensor uses the tawk.to website chat service across its websites. Like most internet-service operators, tawk.to collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers, apps and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, geographical location, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. It also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP).
tawk.to’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how tawk.to’s visitors use its services, and to provide tawk.to users the ability to understand how their visitors use their services. From time to time, tawk.to may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate (e.g. by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its services). For more information on the tawk.to service’s privacy policy, please visit https://www.tawk.to/privacy-policy/
Cookies Notice
Like many companies, Tensor uses cookies on this website (the ‘Site’). Cookies are pieces of information shared between your web browser and a website. Use of cookies enables a faster and easier experience for the user. A cookie cannot read data off your computer’s hard drive.
There are different kinds of cookies with different functions:
(i) Session cookies: these are only stored on your computer during your web session. They are automatically deleted when the browser is closed.  They usually store an anonymous session ID allowing you to browse a website without having to log in to each page. They do not collect any information from your computer.
(ii) Persistent cookies: a persistent cookie is one stored as a file on your computer, and it remains there when you close your web browser. The cookie can be read by the website that created it when you visit that website again.
(iii) First-party cookies: the function of this type of cookie is to retain your preferences for a particular website for the entity that owns that website. They are stored and sent between Tensor’s servers and your computer’s hard drive. They are not used for anything other than for personalization as set by you. These cookies may be either Session or Persistent cookies.
(iv) Third-party cookies: the function of this type of cookie is to retain your interaction with a particular website for an entity that does not own that website. They are stored and sent between the Third-party’s server and your computer’s hard drive. These cookies are usually Persistent cookies.
Tensor uses third-party cookies on our Sites as listed below and also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage for Tensor and its affiliates. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
For information on all of these categories of cookies, and for more information generally on cookies please refer to aboutcookies.org.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Where Strictly Necessary
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Site. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, such as requesting information or logging into your account, cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet.
Performance
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a Site, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. They also allow us to record and count the number of visitors to the Site, all of which enables us to see how visitors use the Site in order to improve the way that our Site works. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a person, as all information these cookies collect is anonymous and is used to improve how our Site works.
Functionality
These cookies allow our Site to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced features. For instance, a Site may be able to remember your log in details, so that you do not have to repeatedly sign in to your account when using a particular device to access our Site. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, font and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as viewing a video or commenting on an article. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymised. They do not gather any information about you that could be used for advertising or remember where you have been on the internet.
Please consult your web browser’s ‘Help’ documentation or visit aboutcookies.org for more information about how to turn cookies on and off for your browser.
Can I turn off cookies?
Yes – but if you choose not to allow the use of cookies, your experience of our Site will be limited and many integral aspects of the Site will not work at all. To change your cookie settings, or if you want to be notified each time a cookie is about to be used, you should amend the settings provided in your web browser to prevent us from storing cookies on your computer hard drive. For information on how to disable cookies, please consult the “Help” tab of your browser via the menu bar. For further information on non-essential cookies used for targeting and banner advertising please see below.
Summary of Cookies Used
The table below is a list of the main cookies set by Tensor’s websites. Please note that we may modify or update our cookies. This list will be updated whenever this occurs.
Cookie Provider
Cookie name
Cookie Type (party)
Cookie category
Description
Insites (CookieConsent Plugin)
cookieconsent_status
1
Functionality
Used for showing/hiding the cookie bar to visitors on the basis of their choices
WordPress
wp-settings-time-
1
Essential
Used to customize your view of the admin & main site interface
WordPress
wp-settings-
1
Essential
Retains a user’s wp-admin configuration
WordPress
wfwaf-authcookie-
1
Essential
Used to authenticate user’s login request
WordPress
wordpress_test_cookie
1
Essential
Used to check whether a user’s web browser is set to allow, or reject cookies
WordPress
wordpress-logged_in_
1
Essential
Used for indication and identification of the logged in user
WordPress
wfvt_
1
Essential
Used to track a user for the duration of their visit so that we can group their page views together
Drupal
has_js
1
Essential
Used to identify content types on websites using the Drupal Content Management Platform
Drupal
SESS_ +md5 hash of the session name
1
Essential
Default Drupal cookie name for storing the user’s session key
Opencart
PHPSESSID
1
Essential
Default PHP cookie name for storing the user’s session key
Opencart
Currency
1
Functionality
Sets the default currency to GBP
Opencart
Language
1
Functionality
Sets the default currency to English
WooCommerce
woocommerce_cart_hash
1
Essential
Contains information about the shopping cart and helps WooCommerce know when the shopping cart data changes
WooCommerce
woocommerce_items_in_cart
1
Essential
Contains information about the shopping and helps WooCommerce know when the shopping cart data changes
WooCommerce
wp_woocommerce_session_
1
Essential
Contains a unique code for each customer so that it knows where to find the shopping cart data in the database for each customer
Google Analytics
utma / utmb / utmc / utmt / utmz / ga / gat / gid, 1P_JAR
1
Analytics and Performance
Google Analytics – gathers information that helps us to understand how visitors interact with our websites, which allows us to create a better experience for our visitors
Tawk
TawkConnectionTime / __tawkuuid / tawkUUID / Tawk_560a65ff74736b987d11833c / ss
3
Functionality
Used by the Tawk.to chat service to monitor visitors across multiple domain names
CloudFlare
__cfduid
3
Functionality
Used by the OneSignal push notification service and Tawk.to chat service to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply security settings on a per-client basis
Google
NID, OGP
3
Functionality
This cookie is set by Google. Some of our pages include interactive Google Maps provided by Google. Google may set cookies to store information and preferences about maps or other associated Google services on pages where we embed Google maps
YouTube
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
3
Functionality
Used to measure the available bandwidth for playing embedded YouTube videos
YouTube
YSC
3
Targeting/Advertising
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen
YouTube
GPS
3
Targeting/Advertising
Registers a unique ID on mobile devices to enable tracking based on geographical GPS location
YouTube
PREF
3
Targeting/Advertising
Tracks user preferences and displays related content or adverts within an embedded YouTube video
Doubleclick.net
IDE
3
Targeting/Advertising
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user’s actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser’s ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user
How will we use the information about you and why?
Tensor takes your privacy seriously and will take every measure to safeguard personal data.
For Business to Business Clients and Contacts our lawful reason for processing your personal information will be “legitimate interests”.  Under “legitimate interests” we can process your personal information if: we have a genuine and legitimate reason and we are not harming any of your rights and interests.
For Business to Consumer Clients our lawful reason for processing your personal information will be “a contract with the individual” or a request to supply information (e.g. request for a brochure, sign-up to newsletter, etc.) which may also be via a user taking affirmative action. This also includes steps taken at your request before entering into a contract.
Our work for you may require us to pass your information to our third-party service providers, agents, subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing the Services to you on our behalf.  However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the Services and we have contracts in place that requires them to keep your information secure.
We collect information on our website to process your enquiry and also use this information to share updates with you about our services and/or products which we believe may be of interest to you.  We will not share your information for marketing purposes with other companies so that they may offer you their products and services.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). For example, some of our third-party providers may be located outside of the EU.  Where this is the case we will take steps to make sure the right security measures are taken so that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this policy.  By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
Where our third-party supplies are in the US we have ensured that their services fall under the “Privacy Shield” whereby participating companies are deemed to have adequate protection and therefore facilitate the transfer of information from the EU to the US. If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU to provide you those services.
Security precautions in place about data collected
When you provide us personal information, we take steps to make sure that it is treated securely.
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are sent normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about our services & products which may be of interest to you.  If you have consented to receive marketing or your details are already retained on our databases, you may opt out at any point as set out below.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.  To opt out please email: dpo@tensor.co.uk.
How long will we hold your data for?
Marketing: We will hold your data for a period of 10 years with a review every 5 years.  You will have the opportunity to opt out or update or delete data at any point should you need to do so and details are set out in this policy as to how to do that.
Contracted Services: We will hold your data for a period of 7 years after contract termination in line with our regulatory requirements.
Access to your Information, Correction, Portability and Deletion
What is a Subject Access Request?
This is your right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.  If you would like a copy of some or all your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address: Data Protection Officer, Tensor plc, Hail Weston House, Hail Weston, St Neots, CAMBS, PE19 5JY.  We will respond to your request within one month of receipt of the request.
We want to make sure your personal information is accurate and up to date.  You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate by emailing dpo@tensor.co.uk or writing to the above address.
Objections to processing of personal data
It is your right to lodge an objection to the processing of your personal data if you feel the “ground relating to your particular situation” apply.  The only reasons we will be able to deny your request is if we can show compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your interest, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim.
Data Portability
It is also your right to receive the personal data which you have given to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit that data to another controller without delay from the current controller if:
(a)    The processing is based on consent or on a contract, and
(b)    The processing is carried out by automated means.
Your Right to be Forgotten
Should you wish for us to completely delete all information that we hold about you for:
Email: dpo@tensor.co.uk, or
In Writing to: Data Protection Officer, Tensor plc, Hail Weston House, Hail Weston, St Neots, CAMBS, PE19 5JY
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites.  This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Complaints
If you feel that your personal data has been processed in a way that does not meet the GDPR, you have a specific right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority.   The supervisory authority will then tell you of the progress and outcome of your complaint.  The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page.  This privacy policy was last updated on 1st May 2018 and the Version number is 1.0 in line with the new GDPR guidelines.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
By email: dpo@tensor.co.uk
Or write to us at : Data Protection Officer, Tensor plc, Hail Weston House, Hail Weston, St Neots, CAMBS, PE19 5JY.
Email
+44 (0)1480 215530
Follow Us
Testimonials
"I had a budget for the entire project and we knew that the Access Control system would be the most expensive so we wanted to be provided with the most comprehensive and state of the art system available. Tensor provided us with this."Robert Jackson, Safety and Security operations co-ordinator, Wembley Arena.
More
Latest Case Studies
Pennine Healthcare: In Peak Health..HeatingSave – The Ideal Heating..Tensor and John Smedley – Tight-Knit..Read more Case Studies
Latest News
Mobile Clocking Apps – A Must..Mobile Workforce Management Solutions..Contactless Access Control and..Read more News
Latest Software Updates
Introducing “Track and Trace..Contactless, Safe Operation, SSVM..Tensor Self-Service Module (SSM)..Read more Software Updates - New Features
Tensor in the community
Tensor donation helps bring festive..Tensor plc COVID-19 Notificati..Tensor sponsors the purchase of..Read more Tensor in the community
Time & Attendance
Access Control
Visitor Monitoring
Human Resources
CCTV Systems
Energy Management
Login
Customer Support Site
Contact Us
Jobs / Careers
Accreditations
Technology Partners
GDPR
Customers
Distributors
EU WTD
Links
Book a Demo
About Us
COVID SECURE
How To Find Us
Privacy Policy
Support
Online Shop
Tensor plc Hail Weston House, Hail Weston, St Neots, Cambs, PE19 5JY Tel: +44 (0)1480 215530 Fax +44(0)1480 223966 Company Number 02718543 VAT 605952045. All content © 2020 Tensor plc