http://www.grobbelschoice.com/privacy-policy/
Main content starts here, tab to start navigating
Privacy Policy for the E.W. Grobbel Sons, Inc. Family of Companies
Commitment to PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how E.W. Grobbel Sons, Inc., Grobbel’s, Sy Ginsberg’s Meat & Deli, Topor’s Pickle Company, and their affiliates (collectively, “Grobbel Companies” or the “EW Grobbel Companies”) protect your privacy when you visit our websites and provide Personal Information (as defined below). This Privacy Policy describes what types of Personal Information we gather, how this Personal Information is used, and with whom it is shared. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your Personal Information. By accessing, using or submitting your Personal Information to EW Grobbel, you will be considered to have given your permission and consent for the collection, use, retention and disclosure of your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact the Privacy Officer. The Privacy Officer can be reached by e-mail at: info@grobbel.com; by phone at (313) 567-8000; or by mail at E.W. Grobbel Sons, Inc. PO Box 07580 Detroit MI, 48207. Remember, we care about your privacy and take it seriously. Read on for further details. Scope of Policy Personal Information means individually identifiable information about an individual consumer collected by the EW Grobbel Companies from that individual and maintained by the EW Grobbel Companies in an accessible form, including any of the following: (1) a first and last name; (2) a home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or town; (3) an e-mail address; (4) a telephone number; (5) a Social Security number; (6) any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individual or (7) information concerning a user that the EW Grobbel Companies collects from a user and maintains in personally identifiable form in combination with either identifier numbers (1)–(6). The EW Grobbel Companies take appropriate and commercially reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality of your Social Security number, to protect your Social Security number from unlawful disclosure and to limit access to your Social Security number. Non-personal information is information that is already a matter of public record or knowledge. Business contact information is considered non-personal information and not subjected to special protection and it can be routinely shared with anyone inside or outside of the business. Business contact information shall include, but is not limited to, business name, business address and business telephone number, and is not considered personal information in certain jurisdictions. Sensitive Data is information that can include, but is not limited to, an individual’s gender, racial or ethnic origins, politics, religion, trade union membership, veteran status, physical or mental health, disabilities, sexual orientation, or criminal (or alleged criminal) activities, proceedings or convictions. We do not knowingly collect Sensitive Data except to comply with Affirmative Action data requirements. Collection and Use of Information Information That You Provide. We collect the personal information you knowingly provide (using your mouse and keyboard) when you use our websites, www.ewgrobbel.com, www.grobbel.com, www.toporspickles.com, www.syginsberg.com, www.unitedmeatanddeli.com. The information we collect depends on how you use our websites. For example, if you sign up to receive e mail communications from us, we collect your e-mail address and any related information you provide. If you communicate with us using the “Contact Us” feature, we collect the information you provide when you complete the “Contact Us” form. Supplemental Information. From time to time, we may supplement the information you give us with information from other sources, such as information validating your address, information based on your zip code, or information about your business. We may also supplement the information you give us with information we collect from you through other EW Grobbel Companies websites or other channels. For example, if you are a customer of the EW Grobbel Companies, we may supplement the information you provide online with information you provide in your other business dealings with the EW Grobbel Companies. Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser and How We Respond to “Do Not Track” Signals. We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes your IP address, the identity of your Internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit. An “IP address” is a unique number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. It is used to identify your computer’s “location” in cyberspace, so that the information you request can be delivered to you. If you use a dial-up connection or a connection that assigns dynamic IP addresses, your computer will be assigned a new IP address each time you connect to the Internet. If, however, your computer is permanently connected to the Internet using a static IP address, the IP address assigned to your computer will generally be the same each time you use your computer. Although it does not identify you by name, we treat your IP address as your Personal Information. The EW Grobbel Companies do not track their customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore our websites do not respond to your web browser “Do Not Track” signals. You should be aware that when you respond to an electronic communication you receive from us, for example, by opening an e-mail, downloading images or clicking on a link in an electronic newsletter, your browser tells us that you (or someone using your e-mail address) have done so. We review our server logs—which contain visitors’ IP addresses—for security and fraud prevention purposes. If criminal activity is suspected, we may share our server logs and the Personal Information we have collected through our websites with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify individuals. Cookies and Similar Technologies. A cookie is a small file sent by a website and stored on a user’s computer which enables the website to remember information about you and your preferences. We use "cookies" and other web technologies in a number of ways. For example, we may use these technologies to • collect information about the ways that visitors use our websites—which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page; • to support the features and functionality of our websites—for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits to our websites.Generally, the information we collect using these web technologies does not identify you by name. If, however, you have created a user identity, for example, by signing up to use a password-protected area on one of our websites, we may link the information we collect using web technologies to other information that identifies you personally. Children's Privacy Our websites are not directed at children, and we do not knowingly solicit Personal Information from or market to children under the age of 13. If we learn that someone under 13 has provided personally identifiable information through our websites, we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our databases. To Whom Do We Disclose Personal Information? We may share the Personal Information we collect as described below: Our Service Providers. We share Personal Information with companies and organizations, including subsidiaries and other business entities controlled by the EW Grobbel Companies, that perform services on our behalf, for example, companies that provide website support services to us. Within the EW Grobbel Companies. We may share your Personal Information within the EW Grobbel Companies (that is, among the business units within the EW Grobbel Companies) and with any of our affiliates where there is a “need-to-know” for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. Business Transactions. The EW Grobbel Companies may decide, for strategic or other reasons, to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize one or more of its businesses. A transaction of this type may involve the disclosure of Personal Information to prospective purchasers. Compliance with Laws and Protection of Our Rights and the Rights of Others. We may disclose Personal Information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose Personal Information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce or apply our terms of use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.As Described in a Privacy Notice. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as described in any Privacy Notice posted on the Web page where you provide that information. By providing your personal information on that Web page you will be consenting to the disclosure of your personal information as described in that Privacy Notice. Retention and Accuracy of Personal InformationThe EW Grobbel Companies will retain your Personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws, and your consent to such purpose remains valid after termination of our relationship with you. We take appropriate and commercially reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Information is accurate, up-to-date, complete, relevant and not misleading. Security of Personal Information No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, despite our efforts to protect your information, the EW Grobbel Companies cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us online. You transmit all such information at your own risk. The EW Grobbel Companies maintain commercially reasonable administrative, physical and technical safeguards intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the information you provide to us. We periodically assess risks to your information and update our policies, procedures and technology accordingly. Links to Non-EW Grobbel Companies Websites and Third Parties Please note that the EW Grobbel Companies websites may contain links to other websites for your convenience and information. The EW Grobbel Companies do not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from our websites. The EW Grobbel Companies’ privacy policy cannot and does not apply to external websites. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The personal data you choose to give to unrelated third parties is not covered by the EW Grobbel Companies privacy policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company or website before submitting your Personal Information. Some third parties may choose to share their personal data with the EW Grobbel Companies; that sharing is governed by that third-party company’s privacy policy. Contact Information to Review, Update or Request Changes to Personal Information You may contact the Privacy Officer to review, update or request changes to Personal Information we possess. The Privacy Officer can be reached by e-mail at: info@grobbel.com; by phone at (313) 567-8000; or by mail at E.W. Grobbel Sons, Inc. PO Box 07580 Detroit MI, 48207. To protect your privacy, you will be required to provide authenticating information prior to making changes or gaining access to your Personal Information. We will respond to all inquiries and requests to review and request changes to Personal Information within a reasonable time. Privacy Policy Updates As we continue to improve the products, services and offerings to consumers, we occasionally will update this Privacy Policy. The EW Grobbel Companies reserve the right, at is sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of this Privacy Policy in whole or in part, at any time and without giving prior notice. Accordingly, we recommend checking back to our websites periodically to stay abreast of our new privacy practices or changes to this Privacy Policy. Effective Date: January 1, 2020
leave this field blank
Email Signup
First Name
Last Name
Email
Submit
Please check errors in the form above
Thank you for signing up for email updates!
Close