https://www.uhyvictor.com/privacy-policy/
News
FAQ
Careers
Client Portal
fr
Toggle navigation
COVID-19
Corporate Assistance Programs
Canada and Québec government updates: Extended filling and payment deadlines
UHY Victor Response to the Spread of COVID-19
Services
Accounting & Audit
Taxation
Canada/ U.S.
Tax
Wills, Estates & Trusts
Management Consulting
Canada/ U.S.
Tax
The need for Canada/ U.S. services
UHY Victor Canada U.S. Tax Team (CUTT)
Contact UHY Canada/U.S. Tax Team
Cross Border Resources
Regulation 105
Regulation 102
GST/HST when Expanding into Canada
2020 Cross Border Survival Guide
Transfer Pricing
GILTI for Americans in Canada
U.S. FIRPTA Withholdings for Canadians
Foreign Affiliates and FAPI
Preparation of PFIC Statements for QEF Elections
Voluntary Disclosure Programs (VDP)
Canadian Corporate Taxes
New Quebec QST rules for Internet Sales
Disposition of Taxable Canadian Property
Internet Security and Privacy
UHY International
Our Accounting Team
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
This post is also available in:
Français (French)Introduction
This Policy of privacy and practices applies to UHY Victor, and its web site(s).
In an era in which technology increasingly facilitates the circulation and exchange of information, we have established certain guidelines to govern the collection, use and disclosure of personal information in a manner that recognizes the right of privacy of individuals with respect to their personal information, and the need of our site and associated services to collect, use or disclose personal information for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances.
What This Policy Covers & Definitions
This policy covers how this website treats personal information that it collects and receives, including information related to your past use of this site.
“Personal information” is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, home address, personal email address, or phone number, that is not otherwise publicly available.
“Personal information” does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number or email address of an employee of an organization.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that UHY Victor does not own or control, or to people that UHY Victor does not employ or manage.
Information Collected: Children
With respect to our online information collection practices from children (persons under 13 years of age): We may collect the following types of personal information directly from children online: first and last name, e-mail address. However, we limit participation in our email communications to persons over 13 years of age.
Please note that parents or guardians may consent to the above collection and use without necessarily consenting to the disclosure of personal information to third parties.
Information Collected: Adults
UHY Victor may collect personal information when you register with us or our website or database services, or when you use our services.
We respect our clients and their information, and do not collect any more personal information than reasonably necessary to enable them to learn about, request or participate in the services we offer, and to provide those services.
We ask you, as our client, to provide this information so that our database may have the most complete information concerning our patrons, and to facilitate certain services (such as: email list management). Once you register as a client with us and sign in to any of our services, you are not necessarily anonymous to us.
UHY Victor may collect information about any events, offerings, products or services you may register or publicize with us.
Unsubscribing
Regarding email and internet Public Relations, our policy is to provide means for all recipients to “unsubscribe” or remove themselves from databased lists, and to update the databases within a reasonable time.
All email addresses provided to us by our clients or any third parties for dissemination are presumed to have been vetted for permission and acceptance of email materials.
Information Use, Disclosure, and Sharing: Adults
UHY Victor does not rent, sell, or share personal information with nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services, or when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
Email addresses may be shared with our third party suppliers and partners, for those who have opted (given permission) to receive information from third parties.
To respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or may be impelled to use information to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, to debt collection, or to communicate with a barrister, solicitor, notary advocate or judge.
If we find it necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or law contravention, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, health threats, emergency, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
It is used for statistical purposes, where individual consent is impractical and the information is used in such a way as to ensure the confidentiality of individuals
By necessity we share information with those who provide support for the internal operations of the web sites, our products, and our services, and our agents (e.g., contractors who provide fulfillment services or technical support to the web sites, database management, or any products or services). We may provide or limit access to personal information to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
Cookies
UHY Victor may set and access cookies for websites or online services on your computer. This is standard personalization practice in web services, and is a function that can easily be disabled by recipients or visitors by turning off their web browser’s cookies. Note that visitors with disabled cookies may not receive adequate or full functionality of database-driven or other online services or websites.
Questions, Suggestions, and Requests for Information
You may contact us to request information at any time.
Copyright © 2018 UHY VICTOR. All rights reserved. Creation by netfolie.com
BACK ON TOP
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More Networks
Share via
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Mix
Email
Print
Copy Link
Powered by Social Snap
Copy link
CopyCopied
Powered by Social Snap