http://www.perpetual.com.au/privacy-policy/terms-and-conditions
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
Terms and Conditions
Credit Information Policy
Financial Services Guide
Making a Complaint
myPerpetual Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Your access to this website is subject to the terms and conditions set out in this disclaimer, Perpetual’s Privacy Policy and any other notices, disclaimers, statements and other terms and conditions contained on this website (referred to collectively as “the Terms and Conditions”). By accessing this website and other websites through links provided by us, you agree to be subject to the Terms and Conditions.
This website
The website www.perpetual.com.au (‘this website’) is owned and operated by Perpetual Limited ABN 86 000 431 827 and other companies that are subsidiaries of Perpetual Limited (collectively known as ‘Perpetual’ or the ‘Perpetual Group’).
The information is believed to be accurate at the time of compilation and is provided by Perpetual in good faith. However, the use of this website is at your sole risk. Neither Perpetual nor any other company in the Perpetual Group, nor the directors and officers of Perpetual, nor the trustees or responsible entities of the funds, make any representation or warranty as to the quality, accuracy, reliability, timeliness or completeness of material in the site or material in websites linked to this website. Except in so far as liability under any statute cannot be excluded, Perpetual, its directors, employees and consultants do not accept any liability (whether arising in contract, tort, negligence or otherwise) for any error or omission in the material or for any loss or damage (whether direct, indirect, consequential or otherwise) suffered by the recipient of the information or any other person.
You release, discharge and indemnify Perpetual from and against liabilities suffered or incurred by you or by Perpetual or any other company of the Perpetual Group (including, but not limited to, its directors, officers and employees) as a result of use of this website.
General information only
The information contained in this website should be used as general information only. It does not take into account the particular circumstances, investment objectives and needs for investment of any investor, or purport to be comprehensive or constitute investment advice and should not be relied upon as such. You should consult a financial adviser to help you form your own opinion of the information, and on whether the information is suitable for your individual needs and aims as an investor. You should consult appropriate professional advisers on any legal, stamp duty, taxation and accounting implications of making an investment.
When considering whether to use a financial service offered by Perpetual in this website you should view the relevant FSGinternet for important information in relation to those financial services. By accessing each page of this website, you acknowledge receipt of the relevant Financial Services Guide.
Privacy
We may as a result of your access to this website hold and process personal information obtained about you. However, Perpetual is committed to maintaining the privacy of any personal data it holds about you, and does so in accordance with the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1998. Please read Perpetual’s Privacy Policy to understand how your personal information will be treated when you use this website.
Website links
This website provides links to other websites operated by entities affiliated with the Perpetual Group as well as links to websites of independent third parties. Those websites which fall into the second category are not affiliated with Perpetual in any way. Perpetual does not control or endorse and is not responsible for the contents of these linked third party websites, and provides hyperlinks to other websites for your convenience only. Any information, opinions, representations or offers made in those linked third party websites are solely the responsibility of the third parties operating those websites and are not made by Perpetual, which makes no representation or warranty as to accuracy or reliability of the information in those websites.
Third party information and materials
This website may provide information, articles and material that are written and prepared by people who are not employees or representatives of Perpetual. Such material is provided for your interest and convenience only. The material will be clearly identified as the product of an independent third party. Perpetual is not responsible for the contents or accuracy of this material, and the opinions expressed in the material should not be taken as recommendations or opinions of Perpetual.
Disclosure documents
The offer to invest in a Perpetual fund will be made in a copy of the current disclosure document (which include Product Disclosure Statements (PDS), where applicable) for the relevant fund. Anyone wishing to invest in a Perpetual fund will need to complete an application form in the current PDS for the relevant fund. Disclosure documents are issued by either Perpetual Investment Management Limited ABN 18 000 866 535, AFSL 234426, Perpetual Trustee Company Limited ABN 42 000 001 007, AFSL 236643, or Perpetual Superannuation Limited ABN 84 008 416 831, AFSL 225246, RSE L0003315. The disclosure document for the relevant fund should be considered before deciding whether to acquire or hold units in the funds. The disclosure documents can be accessed from this website. The table below shows the relevant ABN's of Perpetual's Superannuation Funds.
Superannuation Fund’s
ABN
RSER
Australian Eligible Rollover Fund
81 932 639 940
R1067750
Perpetual Investor Choice Retirement Fund
41 772 007 500
R1057010
Perpetual’s Select Superannuation Fund
51 068 260 563
R1057034
Perpetual Super Wrap
22 897 174 641
R1074406
Perpetuals Pooled Superannuation Trust
89 544 906 125
R1057027
Investment performance
Past performance of Perpetual’s funds is not indicative of future performance. No company in the Perpetual Group guarantees the performance of any Perpetual fund or the return of an investor’s capital or any specific rate of return. Total return shown for Perpetual’s Funds have been calculated using exit prices after taking into account all of Perpetual’s ongoing fees and assuming reinvestment of distributions. No allowance has been made for entry fees, exit fees or where applicable taxation.
Prices
All figures and amounts displayed on this website are in Australian dollars. All asset values are historical figures based on our most recent valuations. As pricing frequencies and valuation methodologies differ for the various types of assets, the asset values shown may not be current and, therefore, you shouldn’t rely on them as the basis for trading investments in your account.
Australian and New Zealand investors only
The information is provided for Australian residents or citizens who are currently located in Australia, and New Zealand residents or citizens who are currently located in New Zealand only. The information is not an invitation to enter into any legal agreement of any kind. No statement or information in this website constitutes a recommendation, offer or invitation to invest in any investments, securities or products of Perpetual or any other company in the Perpetual Group.
Additional information for New Zealand investors and their advisers
Perpetual has dedicated part of this website to providing general information which is tailored specifically for New Zealand investors and their advisers. New Zealand investors seeking to invest in Perpetual funds can do so by reading the relevant section relevant to New Zealand investor contained within the disclosure document for the fund and by completing the appropriate application form. Please follow this link for further information.
US persons and the rest of the world excluding Australia and New Zealand
Access to this website may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. This website cannot be accessed in the United States of America or its territories nor possessions, nor be accessed by US persons. This website does not constitute an extension of an offer in the Unites States of America or to US persons.
Copyright, trademarks and intellectual property rights
Unless expressly stated, the Perpetual Group is the owner or licensed user of the copyright and any intellectual property rights in any material, design, technology or concept contained on this website. All rights are reserved. You may use the information for your own personal reference only. You may reproduce the information in hard copy solely for your personal use. Except as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) or other applicable laws, this website or any portion of this website may not otherwise be reproduced, adapted, distributed, displayed, or transmitted to any other person or incorporated in any way into another document or other material, without Perpetual’s express consent.
Governing law
These Terms and Conditions are governed by and are to be construed in accordance with the laws of New South Wales, Australia. You agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales, Australia and any courts which may hear appeals from those courts in respect of any proceedings in connection with these Terms and Conditions or this website.
Emails from Perpetual linked to this Disclaimer
Private and confidential emails and any files transmitted with them are intended solely for the use of the addressee(s) and may contain information which is confidential or privileged. If you receive an email from Perpetual Limited and you are not the addressee (or responsible for delivery of the email to the addressee), please disregard the contents of the email, delete the email and notify the author immediately.
Privacy Policy
Security
Terms and Conditions
Credit Information Policy
Financial Services Guide
Making a Complaint
myPerpetual Terms and Conditions