https://www.plantain.co.uk/terms-and-conditions.html
Buy Online
Moisturising Hand Sanitiser Anti-Bacterial Gel
Performance Natural
Natural Essential Oils
Absolutes
Specialities
Essential Oils Diluted in Grapeseed
Carrier Oils
Infused Oils
Floral Waters
Bottles
Base Cosmetics
Gift Packs
Home
» Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
CONSUMER TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR ONLINE ORDERS:
Plantain, Plantain Essential Oils, Plantain Group, Performance Cosmetic Innovations and PCI are trading name of Plantain Essential Oils Limited. The terms, ("We", "Us") refer to Plantain Essenial Oils Limited.
The Terms And Conditions explains how we use personal information that we may obtain about you.
By registering for the services provided by Plantain Essential Oils Limited and by using the Plantain website, generally you agree to the Terms And Conditions.
When you register and / or place and order with Plantain, you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details. We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise. We will use this data to fulfill the agreement with you.
We will also store contact details for all email and telephone orders.
We may inform you about Plantain products which we consider may be of interest to you.
If you do not wish to receive an occasional email newsletter, there is an option toopt in/out within your customer account page.
When you make an online purchase through our website you are responsible for checking all quantities, specifications and any other configurations that are required within the item description.
We use Paypal to accept all online payments. You do not need to register for a Paypal account in order to pay as Paypal accepts credit cards.
If you are unsure about any of the products please contact us first by email or telephone so that we can advise you before you purchase.
If you need to return an item for any reason, please see our Returns Policy page for more information.
TRADE (BUSINESS TO BUSINESS) TERMS & CONDITIONS:
DEFINITIONS
“Supplier” means Plantain Essential Oils Limited.
“Buyer” means the person, firm or company purchasing the goods.
“Goods” means the goods or material to be supplied by the Supplier to the Buyer under this contract.
“Conditions” means the Terms & Conditions set out in this document and any special terms agreed in writing by the seller.
ACCEPTANCE OF ORDERS
All written or faxed orders are accepted in accordance with the following conditions unless expressly excluded or varied by contract or quotation. The Supplier accepts no responsibility for errors or misunderstandings on orders not placed or confirmed in writing.
PRICE VARIATION
Cost prices may vary due to a number of factors, many beyond our control. Therefore, our selling prices are subject to alter without notice. All prices quoted in our brochure are exclusive of VAT and delivery.
FIRST ORDER
A cheque or credit card payment for the full amount must be received before the dispatch of the goods unless credit facilities have been arranged in advance.
PAYMENT
Payment for the Goods shall be made 30 days after delivery where credit facilities have been agreed. In the event of delay in payment the Supplier shall be entitled to charge the Buyer interest on the amount unpaid at the rate of 3% annual above Lloyds bank base rate until payment is made in full.
RETURN OF GOODS AND REFUND
Business to business - If the Goods are supplied according to the Buyer’s specification and Buyer rejects them but has already paid with credit card, the Supplier is entitled to charge 3% commission on the refund. Refunds will only be given for goods returned in the same condition as supplied. The Supplier is not responsible to pay postal/carriage charges for the return of the Goods correctly supplied.
CARRIAGE CHARGE
Carriage is charged to the Buyer at cost. Carriage charges are subject to variation without notice unless quoted as firm for acceptance within specified period.
DELIVERY OF THE GOODS
i.Supplier shall be entitled to withhold delivery of any order if any money due to the Supplier is outstanding. The Supplier shall not be liable for any consequential loss arising from non-delivery or late delivery of any goods ordered by the Buyer, nor for any damage, injury of loss, however arising with the Goods supplied by the Supplier.
ii.Time quoted is based on information to hand at the time of quotation and is the estimated date of dispatch. No liability is accepted for delays or the effects thereof.
iii.Any opinion or advice given by the Supplier or any recommendation made is in good faith and to the best of the Supplier’s knowledge as to the accuracy thereof, but without legal responsibility. The Buyer must satisfy himself as to the suitability of any Goods purchased for its actual use and as to all aspects of heath & safety, and upon ordering the Buyer shall be deemed to have done so.
PRODUCT MANUFACTURED TO BUYER’S SPECIFICATION
Orders will only be accepted in writing, stating the product specification, code and all other relevant information. No cancellation will be accepted once the Supplier has ordered components specific to the Buyer's order or the goods have been manufactured. Once manufactured the Buyer will be liable for the full costs. The Supplier will confirm in writing an order placed verbally. Cosmetics which are manufactured without the product having been challenge tested, stability tested, health and safety assessed, and dermatoligically tested are manufactured entirely at the buyer’s risk. Although Dermatological tests are not required by EU cosmetic regulations, PCI cannot be help responsible for customer reactions unless this test has been completed satisfactorily.
FORMULATONS
All formulations developed for the Buyer will remain the property of Plantain Essential Oils , until payment for these formulations have been received by the Supplier. Cost of these will be given once development work is complete. Complete Formulations given to the Supplier by the Buyer for matching remain the property of the Buyer. Changes to these completed formulations remain the property of the Supplier. All formulations developed by the Supplier for a Buyer will be used exclusively for that Buyer.
INGREDEINTS
All ingredients listed to the Buyer for use in any product must be checked and researched by the Buyer to ensure they meet the Buyers complete specification and end use. When placing an order for manufacture or testing of any product, it will be deemed that the Buyer has completed this research and confirms that these ingredients are to be used. Any changes to listed ingredients must be received by the Supplier in writing. All literature including ingredients for use in marketing material, labels, etc must be approved in writing by the Buyer. It is the Buyers responsibility to check spellings of all ingredients and marketing information. The Supplier is not liable for any costs that maybe incurred due to incorrect printing of any material or for false misrepresentation of the products use or ingredients.
DEVELOPMENT COSTS
The Buyer will be liable for any development costs incurred by the Supplier at development stage should the Buyer decide to withdraw from developing its goods at anytime. Development costs will be given after sample stage by the Supplier, should further development work be required before goods can be ordered.
CANCELLATION OR ALTERATION OF ORDER
The Supplier will not accept responsibility where the Buyer has incorrectly stated material type, specification or product/product code. Cancellations cannot be accepted after the manufacturing process has been commenced.
OFFLOADING
The Buyer shall be responsible for all off loading and will indemnify the company for any damage or liability, which may occur.
ACCEPTANCE OF THE GOODS
i.The Buyer shall inspect the goods on delivery and shall within 3 working days of delivery notify the Supplier of any shortages, damages, or failure to comply the order. In the event of a complaint the Buyer shall afford the Supplier an opportunity to inspect the goods within a reasonable time before any use of the Goods. If the Buyer shall fail to comply within these provisions the Goods shall be conclusively presumed to be in accordance with the order and free of any damage or defaults.
ii.If the Goods have been ordered by the Buyer to a particular specification, the Buyer shall be responsible for the specification and shall not be entitled to reject the goods unless Goods do not comply with the Buyer’s specification.
TITLE OF THE GOODS
The Goods sold to the Buyer shall remain the property of the Supplier until payment in full of all amounts invoiced or due to the supplier. If such payment is overdue in whole or in part the Supplier may (without prejudice to his other rights) recover or resell the Goods or any part of them and may enter upon the Buyer’s premises for that purpose. If any of the Goods are mixed or converted into other goods before such payment, the property in the whole of such other goods shall be and remain with the Supplier until the Supplier has received the full payment. The Buyer agrees to store such goods or any mixture of conversion of these goods in such a way that they are readily identifiable as the property of the Supplier. If the Buyer sells or disposes of the goods, the Buyer will hold the proceeds of such sale or disposal and any rights for claims against third parties arising from such sale or disposal, upon trust for the Supplier. The Buyer will take steps as are necessary to keep such proceeds separate from other monies
THE LAWS OF ENGLAND GOVERN THIS CONTRACT.