https://www.ueil.org/privacy-policy/
Members'Area
About us
History
Message from the President
Our Vision
Our Mission
Structure
What we do
Position Papers
OEM and Technical Bulletins
BER Regulation – UEIL FAQ
EU Legislation
Lube
Magazine
GEIR
Members
News
Events
Contact
Statistics report
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy: The Union of the European Lubricants Industry
The Union of the European Lubricants Industry represents the interests of the lubricants industry in Europe, with a special focus on SMEs and independent companies that produce lubricants and metal processing fluids essential for the automotive and industrial sectors.
This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you register to our congress and/or agree to receive our communications. It is written in accordance with the EU General Directive on Data Privacy (GDPR), which is effective as of 25 May 2018.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you when you register to attend our Annual Congress or you sign up to receive our news and updates. This information is used for the purposes of managing event attendance and keeping members and friends informed about our association and activities.
What information do we collect about you?
We record your name, email address and company name, address and VAT number. We also register dietary preferences you have expressed. Any emails you have sent to us will also be stored on our email server.
Your information is secure with us
We will not share your information with any other organisations, unless legally required to do so, excepting our service providers who process information to provide services to us such as our email account. We have contracts with our service providers that prohibit them from sharing the information about you that they collect or receive with anyone else or from using such information for other purposes.
We shall maintain appropriate levels of security to ensure your data is not accessed by unauthorised individuals or third parties.
How long will we retain your information?
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purposes for which it was obtained.
All our emails will give you the option of opting out and withdrawing consent. In this case we will register your name and address on our ‘suppression list’ so that we know not to contact you in the future, but all other information about you will be deleted.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email us at the following address:
secretariat@ueil.org
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Our legal basis for processing your information
We are committed to process all personal data lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner. We do so in accordance with Article 6 of GDPR, on the basis of your consent, and secondly, our legitimate interest with respect to managing our membership and activities.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about events we hold, updates about UEIL and news we regard to be of interest to our members and friends. If you have consented to receive these correspondence, you may opt out at a later date.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please send an email to secretariat@ueil.org
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page.
This privacy policy was last updated on 1 June 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you at secretariat@ueil.org
UEIL Newsletter and communications
Subscribe here
Avenue des Arts, 46
1000 Brussels
Belgium
T: +32(0) 2 504 90 03
secretariat@ueil.org
JOIN US
Copyright © 2020 | UEIL - Privacy Policy
Webdesign & Development: ALYS