http://www.globalfluency.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
GlobalFluency Inc. takes privacy very seriously and is committed to respecting your online privacy. Throughout the data collection process, all necessary steps are taken to ensure that data (Personal Information) is used only according to the purposes that we have clearly stated. Personal Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a business, home or other physical address, a phone number for work, home or mobile communications, an e-mail address or other contact information, whether at work or at home.
Purposes for which information is collected
All data collected at this site may be used for two purposes: first, for the purpose of providing any service requested by you, second, for the purpose of direct marketing by GlobalFluency Inc. and other companies. This implies that we may from time to time send you information about GlobalFluency Inc. products, publications, reports, events, services, or conferences. Additionally, we may pass your name and address on to other companies whose products we believe you might be interested in.
Your right to 'opt out'
Under the Data Protection Act, you have the right to 'opt out' of direct marketing campaigns. If you previously gave consent for data to be used and wish to opt out later, you can inform us in writing or by email. Data submitted to www.globalfluency.com will then not be used for any kind of direct marketing or provided to third parties. However, you may still receive mail from us about your purchases, registrations, or subscriptions.
Use of email addresses
By submitting your email address to us, you agree to allow us to use this address to notify you of any facts which may be pertinent to your membership within GlobalFluency Inc. Your email address may also be used to send unsolicited marketing material from approved GlobalFluency Inc. partners.
How to opt out of communications
Most mass communications sent by GlobalFluency Inc. contain an ‘opt-out’ link that will quickly and in one-click allow you to unsubscribe from all email communications. However, there are times when emails are sent by an individual in the organization. We would still like to maintain your privacy and preferences, regardless of communications source. If no opt-out link is included in a communication from GlobalFluency Inc., you can also email vwang@globalfluency.com and type “OPT OUT” in the subject line. Our administrators will immediately work to have you removed from all of our databases and communication channels to the best of our ability.
For more information
This statement is a summary and does not represent a complete statement of intent on behalf of GlobalFluency Inc. in respect of information privacy. If you require more information, please email us at lmiller@globalfluency.com with your comments and we will do our best to answer you as quickly as possible.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Financial data is hosted in a high-security, fully redundant, risk-free data center. All transactions occur over secure SSL connections.