http://www.minnesotalife.com/privacy-notices.html
Skip to main content
Products & Services
Individuals and families
Life insurance
Term
Whole life
Universal
Long-term care
Accident & illness insurance
Accidental death
Accident insurance
Critical illness
Hospital indemnity
Annuities
Financial planning
Investments
Trust services
Credit protection
Businesses and professionals
Financial professionals
Employers
Business owners
Financial institutions
Insights & Tools
Insights for you
Insurance and protection
Retirement
Health and aging
Personal finance
Life events and milestones
Browse all insights
Insights for your business
Protecting your business
Business strategies
Compensation strategies
Tools
Retirement savings calculator
Life insurance needs calculator
About Us
About Securian Financial
Who we are
History
Purpose and values
Diversity and inclusion
Community commitment
Markets we serve
Newsroom
Financial strength
Ratings
Financials and reports
Member information
Work with us
Careers
Claims
Customer Service
My Account
Employee benefits
401(k) plans
Defined benefit/Pension plans
Employee life insurance
U of M retirement plans
Accounts with a financial professional
Annuities
Brokerage accounts
Individual life insurance
Trust services
Minnesota Life is now Securian Financial
Corporate Structure
COVID-19 updates
We are prepared and committed to serving you through this disruptive time. Learn more about what we’re doing and find answers to some common questions.
Read more
New brand, same company
It’s a brand new day for Minnesota Life. In 2018, we adopted our parent company's brand, Securian Financial.
From Minnesota Mutual to Minnesota Life to Securian Financial, we’re still the same company you’ve trusted to protect what you care about most for almost 140 years.
What does this change mean for you?
Your policies and contracts won’t be affected by our new brand. There’s no action needed from you — just watch for the Securian Financial brand to start appearing on communications you receive from us. We appreciate your patience as we transition to our new brand.
What's not changing
Your policies with us. They won’t be affected by our new brand, and there’s nothing you need to do to keep your coverage exactly as it is today.
Our financial strength. The policies you have with us will continue to be issued by Minnesota Life Insurance Company or Securian Life Insurance Company — the strong, highly rated1 companies that underwrite our insurance products.
Our company structure. We’re not publicly traded, and we remain focused on meeting the needs of our customers, rather than shareholders.
Our values: trust, strength, integrity, quality, respect and community. They’re foundational to who we are and how we do business.
Why the change to Securian Financial?
Adopting the Securian Financial brand will offer a stronger, more consistent and recognizable identity across all of the markets we serve.
Our look is fresh and modern — and it represents our commitment to helping you find solutions that let you focus on your most important asset: family — however you define it.
Claims
Report a claim on a policy with us.
File a claim
Customer service
Get assistance with Minnesota Life insurance policies, annuities or retirement plan accounts.
Contact us
Life insurance
Looking for information about term or permanent life insurance?
Learn more about our life insurance products
About Securian Financial
At Securian Financial, we’re here for family. And we’re here because of it.
Family doesn’t have to branch from your tree, but it always shares your roots. Roots woven by common understanding, shared values and mutual respect. Like you, we believe a rewarding life is really about being present in the here and now, and that money isn’t the only thing when family is your everything.
Since 1880, we’ve been here for those who see family as their most valuable asset. Our longevity is a testament to the strength of our company. We’ve weathered economic ups and downs while staying true to our customers. We’re not publicly traded, so we can focus on you and what you care most about.
We believe your financial picture should support the everyday moments as much as the major milestones. That’s why our insurance, investment and retirement solutions give you the confidence to focus on what’s truly valuable: banking memories with those who matter most.
1. Minnesota Life Insurance Company and Securian Life Insurance Company are highly rated by the major independent rating agencies that analyze the financial soundness and claims-paying ability of insurance companies. See more information about the rating agencies and where our rating ranks relative to other ratings.
DOFU 8-2019913087
You are leaving our website
The website you are being directed to is not created by Securian Financial Group, Inc. or any of its affiliates. The new website may be subject to privacy policies, security policies and terms and conditions different from those at Securian Financial Group.
OK, proceed
Go back