http://www.intlmag.org/page/event-policies
Policies - IMA World Magnesium Conference
This website uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some of these cookies are used for visitor analysis, others are essential to making our site function properly and improve the user experience. By using this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Click Accept to consent and dismiss this message or Deny to leave this website. Read our Privacy Statement for more.
Accept
Deny
Home | Contact Us | Sign In | Join IMA
Toggle navigationMENUAbout IMA LeadershipIMA Past PresidentsIMA History 1944-2003 (PDF)IMA BylawsIMA Buyers GuideOnline Store - Publications & VideosMagnificent Mg Mg Awards Showcase 2019 Magnesium Showcase2018 Magnesium Showcase2017 Magnesium ShowcaseMember SpotlightMagnesium: The Lightest Structural MetalMg Basics About MagnesiumMechanical Properties of MgPhysical Properties of MgIndustry LinksMg Applications AutomotiveAerospaceMedicalElectronicNon-StructuralSportsOtherMg Resources EU Mg Recycling Study (2017)Designing with MagnesiumProcessChina's Magnesium Sector and COVID-19 Mg Sustainability EU Mg Recycling Study (2017)Recycling MagnesiumIn-Use BenefitsLifecycle AnalysisMg Safety Safe Handling of MagnesiumSafe Magnesium LeafletIncident ReportingAwards IMA Awards of ExcellenceIMA Environmental Responsibility AwardPast IMA Award WinnersEvents IMA Virtual Webinar Series 20202019 IMA World Magnesium Conference Review2018 IMA World Magnesium Conference ReviewCalendar of EventsEvent PoliciesWebinars Webinar Recordings & ArchivesMembership Join IMAMember CentralMember Newsletter
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
Event Policies
Registration Information
Online registration requires credit card payment; IMA accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Discover. If you want to pay by check, please download the paper form for that event registration if available. Payment is required prior to the event.
To edit your registration, please contact the IMA office at info@intlmag.org or +1 651.379.7305.
Both members and nonmembers need to log in to register for events. If you are a member or have previously created an account on the IMA website, login here. If you are a nonmember, please
create a guest account in the system; we will require your first and last name, organization, email, username and password.
Join IMA
If you are not a member and would like to join to receive reduced conference rates, please join here. To renew your membership and receive member rates, log into your profile,
renew, then return to register for the event. These will be two separate transactions. You also have the option to pay for both by downloading forms.
Attendance Policies
Sponsor/Exhibitor Cancellation
Written cancellation notice must be received via fax, mail, or email by the date indicated on the registration page of the event at which you plan to exhibit to qualify for a 50% refund. No refunds will be given after that cancellation date. If IMA cannot
hold the conference due to acts of God, war, government regulations, disaster, strikes, civil disorder, or curtailment of transportation facilitating other emergencies making it inadvisable, illegal, or impossible to provide the facilities or to hold
the meeting, each prepaid registrant/exhibitor will receive a copy of the conference handouts and any other materials that would have been distributed. Fixed conference expenses will be paid from the pre-registration funds. Remaining funds will be
refunded to pre-registrants/exhibitors. IMA is not responsible for any other costs incurred by pre-registrants/exhibitors in connection with the conference.
Please note: This is an application to exhibit. All exhibit applications are subject to review and approval by IMA. Moreover, we reserve the right to deny exhibitor privileges to any applicant.
Attendee Cancellation
All cancellation requests must be submitted online using the Refund Request form by the date indicated on the registration page of the event you plan on attending to qualify for
a refund of 80%. No-shows will not be refunded.
Conference Modification or Cancellation
IMA reserves the right to modify the conference schedule or program as necessary. IMA also reserves the right to cancel this conference, in which case a full refund of the registration fee will be provided. We are unable to refund any travel costs (flight,
hotel, etc.) in the case of IMA cancellation.
Data Privacy/GDPR
We host events throughout the year, including our annual conference, webinars, and trainings (collectively “events”). If you are a member and register for one of our events, we will access the information in your member account to provide you with information
and services associated with the event. If you are not a member and you register for one of our events, we will collect your name and contact information, which we will store in our database and use to provide you with information and services associated
with the event. If you are a presenter at one of our events, we will collect information about you including your name, employer and contact information, and photograph, and we may also collect information provided by event attendees who evaluated
your performance as a presenter. As an attendee, speaker, or sponsor/exhibitor, we will keep a record of your participation to provide you with post-event information including details on upcoming events you may be interested in. Your contact information
may be shared via an event mobile app or attendee list as part of your participation in the event. Your hotel reservation information may be shared between IMA and the hotel.
PCI Compliance
Please do not email forms with credit card information. To protect your data and to comply with PCI standards, the IMA office will not accept emailed credit card information.
Photo/Audio/Video Release
Registration for or attendance at this event acknowledges consent to be recorded or photographed. We reserve the right to use any photograph/video taken at our events, without the expressed written permission of those included within the photograph/video.
We may use the photograph/video in publications or other media material produced, used or contracted including but not limited to: brochures, invitations, books, newspapers, magazines, television, websites, etc. To ensure the privacy of individuals,
images will not be identified using full names or personal identifying information without written approval from the photographed subject.
Guest Attendance Policy
All conference activities (including educational sessions, meal functions, exhibit hall, etc.) are exclusively reserved for conference attendees. Non-registered guests (including children, family members, colleagues, etc.) are not allowed in the conference
areas. Badges provided at registration are required for entrance into all functions and will be strictly enforced.
Spouse/Guest Fee
Spouse/Guest registration is designed for the spouse, partner or family member of the registrant if offered for the event you are attending, Guests can attend receptions and ONLY attend the session(s) in which the registrant is presenting. Guest registration is not applicable for professionals
(including students) in the field who will be attending sessions or presenting papers. Guest registration must be included as part of the registration of another individual. Only one guest is allowed per registrant. Guest badges will not include the
guest’s institutional affiliation and “Guest” will be clearly noted on the badge.
IMA Event Code of Conduct
The IMA leadership and staff are committed to providing a vibrant learning environment at all of our events, welcoming people from as many diverse backgrounds as possible. We expect our events to be a respectful, harassment-free environment for people
of all races, gender and trans statuses, sexual orientation, ability, nationality, ethnicity, socioeconomic status and beliefs.
We’re grateful that our community is positive, friendly and supportive of one another — it’s what makes our events such a draw each year.
In that spirit, the staff, supporters, volunteers, attendees and speakers at IMA events are expected to:
Exercise consideration and respect in your speech and actions.
Keep conversations professional, respectful and consider other parties’ points of view. In short, don’t make it personal. Passionate conversations are part of solving problems. Disagreements happen all the time, and are necessary to consider difficult
questions.
Remember that the boundaries of good taste, humor, personal space and physical interaction differ from person to person; if you sense someone feels uncomfortable — whether they explicitly state it or not — be respectful of those boundaries.
Refrain from demeaning, discriminatory or harassing behavior. Harassment and inappropriate behavior may include, but are not limited to:
Sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic or otherwise discriminatory jokes or language physical intimidation, stalking or following sustained disruption of talks or events.
Posting or displaying sexually explicit or violent material; if for any reason you may need this material for an educational session, please contact IMA staff first and we can discuss how to give an appropriate warning to participants.
Unwelcome sexual attention. This includes sexualized comments or jokes; inappropriate touching, groping and unwelcomed sexual advances.
Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behavior.
Be mindful of your surroundings and of your fellow participants. Alert emergency services if you notice what you assess to be a dangerous situation or someone in distress. For other violations of this Code of Conduct, you can email info@intlmag.org.
Return to top
Sign In
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Haven't joined yet?
IMA & Industry Calendar
more
10/13/2020 » 10/22/2020IMA Conference Webinar Series 202011/10/2020 » 11/11/2020EFM Health & Safety Seminar11/10/2020 » 11/11/2020EFM Magnesium Automotive/Abnehmer Seminar2/24/2021 » 2/25/2021WerkstoffPlus Auto Conference
International Magnesium Association
International Magnesium Association 1000 Westgate Drive, Suite 252  |  Saint Paul, Minnesota 55114 USA P: +1 651.379.7305  |  F: +1 651.290.2266  |  E: info@intlmag.org
Copyright © 2020 International Magnesium Association (IMA). All rights reserved.
Email Deliverability | Privacy Policy | Site Map
Membership Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal