http://www.jeansturgill.com/terms-of-service/
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
ToS
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the JeanSturgill.com website and all content, services and products available at or through the website. The Website is owned and operated by AyStur Web Services, Inc. (“AyStur”). The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, AyStur’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by AyStur (collectively, the “Agreement”).
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by AyStur, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms.
The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.
Your JeanSturgill.com Account. If you create an account, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the account. You must not describe or assign keywords to your posts in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and AyStur may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause AyStur liability. You must immediately notify AyStur of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. AyStur will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any applicable laws. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned (and your service provider being informed). The IP address of all posts may be recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. Creating multiple accounts for a single user is not allowed. You agree that the webmaster, administrator and moderators of this site have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should they see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered above being stored in a database. The webmaster, administrator and moderators cannot be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
Responsibility of Contributors. If you post material to the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Website (any such material, “Content”), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:
the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
the Content is not libelous or defamatory (more info on what that means), does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
your account is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
your account is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or company. For example, your username ’s URL or name is not the name of a person other than yourself or company other than your own; and
you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by AyStur or otherwise.
By submitting Content to AyStur for inclusion on our Website, you grant AyStur a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your profile, userpage, forum submission, etc. If you delete Content, AyStur will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, AyStur has the right (though not the obligation) to, in AyStur’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in AyStur’s reasonable opinion, violates any AyStur policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in AyStur’s sole discretion. AyStur will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
Fees and Payment. Optional premium paid services may become available on the Website. By selecting a premium service you agree to pay AyStur the monthly or annual subscription fees indicated for that service. Payments will be charged on the day you sign up for a premium service and will cover the use of that service for a monthly or annual period as indicated. Premium service fees are not refundable.
Responsibility of Website Visitors. AyStur has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, AyStur does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. AyStur disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which JeanSturgill.com links, and that link to JeanSturgill.com. AyStur does not have any control over those non-JeanSturgill.com websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-JeanSturgill.com website or webpage, AyStur does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. AyStur disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-JeanSturgill websites and webpages.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As AyStur asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by JeanSturgill.com violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify AyStur. AyStur will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. In the case of a visitor who may infringe or repeatedly infringes the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of AyStur or others, AyStur may, in its discretion, terminate or deny access to and use of the Website. In the case of such termination, AyStur will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to AyStur.
Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from AyStur to you any AyStur or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with AyStur. AyStur, Drew’s Animals, DrewsAnimals.com, JeanSturgill.com, the JeanSturgill.com logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with JeanSturgill.com, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of AyStur or AyStur’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any AyStur or third-party trademarks.
Changes. AyStur reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. AyStur may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Termination. AyStur may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your JeanSturgill.com account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a VIP Services account, such account can only be terminated by AyStur if you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such breach within thirty (30) days from AyStur’s notice to you thereof; provided that, AyStur can terminate the userpage & profile or website immediately as part of a general shut down of our service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website is provided “as is”. AyStur and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither AyStur nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.
Limitation of Liability. In no event will AyStur, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement or substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to AyStur under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. AyStur shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the AyStur Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless AyStur, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to out of your violation this Agreement.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between AyStur and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of AyStur, or by the posting by AyStur of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of North Carolina, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in Alamance County, North Carolina. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. (“JAMS”) by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in Alamance County, North Carolina, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; AyStur may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Call 336-506-6122 Now!
To Hire Jean as Your Keynote Speaker for Your Next Event!