http://www.concisegroup.com/privacy-notice
Privacy notice
This is the Privacy Notice of the CONCISE GROUP which shall include:
Concise Limited situated at 5 NW Works, 135 Salusbury Road, NW6 6RJ UK
Concise Media Design Inc situated at 515 W 20th Street, Suite 3E, New York, NY 10011
The Concise Group are wholly owned by Audio Visual Services Group LLC trading as PSAV situated at 5100 N. River Road Suite 300 Schiller Park, IL 60176 USA
How We Protect Your Privacy
The privacy and security of your personal information is very important to us. We do not share your personal information in ways not disclosed in our Privacy Notice or without your express permission. We value your trust highly and strive to protect your confidentiality and appropriately use any personal information you provide to us.
If there are questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice or questions about how we use your information, please contact:
Privacy Officer – Jim Hughes
Concise Limited,
5 NW Works,
135 Salusbury Road,
NW6 6RJ
UK
Phone: +44 20 7644 6444
Email: jim.hughes@concisegroup.com
1. Definitions
In the Agreement the following words and definitions shall have the following meanings unless the context otherwise requires:
“App(s)” means: a variety of software applications that are accessed by any Users and/or clients of Concise
“EEA” means: European Economic Area
“Event” means: any event in which Concise Apps are utilised, which may include conferences, exhibitions, training, gala dinners, award ceremonies and other communication events
“Information” means: any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person as defined by Regulation EU 216/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council. It also includes the information as set out in clause 6 (Passive Information Collection) herein.
“User” means any person or individual that is given access to use the Apps
2. Purpose of this privacy notice
We are required by law to provide this Privacy Notice to you. This Privacy Notice explains what information we collect, store, hold and process about you in relation to both our offline and online operations. This includes information that we receive from other sources, and also information we receive from you directly (for example, for use by you via our App).
This Privacy Notice also explains how you can exercise your rights in relation to the Information we hold about you and how you can let us know if you do not wish us to use your Information.
This Privacy Notice is incorporated into our website www.concisegroup.com.
3. About us
The Concise Group provide interactive Apps for use at Events.
We act mainly as data processors, or sub-processors of your information where you are using our Apps as part of an Event. We process your data on behalf of our clients (whether the client passes us your details or, you provide details to us directly).
Where you are a client, we hold your contact information on our database for the purposes of providing you with our services and in respect of promotional and other advertising materials. In this respect, we act as data controllers of that information.
Where you are a client, or a prospective client, we hold your contact information on our database for the purposes of providing you with our services and in respect of promotional and other advertising materials. In this respect, we act as data controllers of that information.
4. Information we collect from you as a client or potential client
When you request our services, we will record information that details your request.
This information may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
Organisation details
Business address
Phone numbers
Occupation/Job Title
Our websites may provide you with mechanisms through which you may submit questions or comments. Information you provide via such mechanisms is optional and we may use the information you provide to respond to you. The information about you will be kept by us to assist us in better understanding your interests and needs and to provide you with relevant promotional and other materials.
We may send a form to you to use in submitting questions, comments, and other feedback about us, or PSAV’s products and services, and other topics. We use such feedback information to improve our products and services as well as for marketing and research purposes. This is optional and so it is entirely up to you whether you choose to give us this information.
Our websites and services are not directed to, or, intended for use by persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide such information to us.
We do not knowingly collect information from persons under the age of 18, save and except where we process information collected from our clients, where that information relates to an Event that may be attended by persons under the age of 18.
5. Information we collect about you as a user of our app
You may have provided information to our client in order to participate in any Event or, you may also input information into the App at certain points.
In using the App, you will either (i) give us consent to your information being processed via our in-App consent form or (ii) you will give consent to the client (or their authorized agents), for us to process your information or (iii) there will be a legitimate interest for us to process your information to enable you to participate in the Event.
The information that we collect includes your notes, opinions, polling, feedback and questions along with statistics about your usage. We will send to you (either directly, or via the client), your notes, copies of any slides and documents requested after the Event
We will transfer statistics and data of your usage including your polling responses, feedback forms and questions submitted to the client or their authorised agent after the Event.
Access to parts of the App may be restricted to authorized Users.
Information we may collect and process about you as a User may include:
Name
Job title
Organisation
Email address
Telephone number
Biography or profile
Dietary requirements
Opinions (in the form of Surveys & Polls)
Questions Asked
Notes taken during an event
6. Passive information collection
We use various technologies to passively collect Information from you while you are visiting (that is, you do not actively provide this Information). Such technologies allow us to collect a range of Information, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address (a unique identifier automatically assigned to your computer when logging onto the Internet), the type of web browser and operating system you use, the date and time you visit our website the specific pages you visit and the address of the website you visited before coming to our site . We typically use such passively collected Information for a variety of purposes, such as to administer our website customize the website to your preferences, and compile aggregated statistics for marketing and research purposes.
We use the following to collect passive information:
a. Cookies
"Cookies" are small text files that store information about your interactions with a particular website, either temporarily (known as a "temporary" or "session" cookie, and deleted once you close your browser window) or more permanently on the hard drive of your computer (known as a "permanent" or "persistent cookie"). Cookies can make it easier to use a website by allowing servers to access certain information quickly.
Session cookies can be used to help a user's browser navigate a website more smoothly and may show up if the user comes from a website with which the subsequent website has some relationship (e.g., a website of an affiliated company) and can give helpful information.
Persistent cookies can be used to customize a website for a user, such as by storing passwords, preferences, and registration and account information so that users do not have to re-enter them each time they visit a website.
Our website uses both session/temporary cookies and persistent/permanent cookies to store information that allows us to offer you better customer service and to navigate through the website with ease. To make the website easier to use, we combine information collected via cookies with your Information.
It is within your option as to whether you enable cookies and accept the collection and usage in the manner as set out above.Please note that if you configure your browser to reject cookies, you might not be able to access important functions or areas of our website or enjoy certain conveniences within that website.
b. Third Party Analytics
We use “google analytics” and “communigator” to track visits to our website.
c. Information we receive from other sources
If we receive information about you from other third party sources (e.g. a travel agent or an event organiser), then we shall seek assurances from those 3rd parties that we receive and are permitted to use that information in a manner that is compliant.
7. Security
We maintain rigorous standards to protect your information.
We implement ‘appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk. This is to ensure that your information is not lost, used, accessed, altered or disclosed in an unauthorised way.
We use encryption technology to ensure the secure transmission of any Information you provide for use during online communications including using our App.
All communications at our sites or with our apps are conducted using 256-bit TLS1.2 encryption. TLS is a strong security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a web browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the web server and browsers remain private and integral. TLS is an industry standard and is used by millions of websites in the protection of online transactions with customers. You can easily determine when you are sending data securely by looking at the web address (URL) in your browser window: the first few letters will change, from “http” to “https” when you are transmitting information protected by TLS or SSL encryption. The “s” in “https” stands for “secure.”
We ensure that we regularly change any passwords we use to access Information in order to maintain security in relation to that Information.
8. Information use and disclosure – legal basis
The law requires us to only use your information where we have a lawful basis to do so.
There are various lawful basis’s which we rely upon in respect of any processing we conduct, these may be:
Consent - where you have given us express consent (either directly or via a client (or their authorised agent);
Contract – where we have a contract with you;
Legal Obligation – where the law obliges us to comply with a regulatory or legislative requirement;
Legitimate Interest – where this is an appropriate basis to allow us to process your information (or information of a third party), in connection with our business and/or our relationship, or prospective relationship, with you where at all times this is not overridden by your own rights and interests.
9. Cross border transfers
There may be occasions where we transfer your information to other Group entities or other organisations outside the EEA. Where we do so, we will ensure that the relevant obligations in terms of compliance with privacy laws are fulfilled and relevant processes under which information is transferred are in place.
Where your Information is processed outside of the EEA and this is made available to an organisation outside the EEA then this is deemed a ‘restricted transfer’ as defined by Regulation EU 216/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council. In these circumstances we will ensure appropriate safeguards are implemented in the line with the relevant legislation to ensure the security of your Information.
Your information may be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us. We will (in accordance with this Privacy Notice and in accordance with any relevant law), take all steps reasonably necessary to safeguard and process your information, including ensuring that our staff are subject to confidentiality and privacy clauses in their terms of engagement including relevant training to this effect.
10. Who we share information with
We may share information with:
Concise Limited situated at 5 NW Works, 135 Salusbury Road, NW6 6RJ, UK
Concise Media Design Inc situated at 515 W 20th Street, Suite 3E, New York, NY 10011, USA
Client or client’s authorised agent
11. Processing of information for marketing purposes
Where we use your information for marketing purposes, this will only be effected where there is a legitimate business interest for us to do so. However, you have the right to opt out of any such communications by writing to us at the address at the beginning of this Privacy Notice.
12. Data security
Although we take steps to protect your Information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration, no system is 100 percent secure or error-free. Therefore, we do not, and cannot, guarantee the security or accuracy of the Information we collect, and you acknowledge that there may be some risk in transmitting any information to us despite all safeguarding measures we take.
You must therefore take some responsibility to safeguard any usernames and passwords you use to access the App or any portions of our websites and to notify us if you ever suspect that these usernames or passwords have been compromised.
You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of the App or any website which is conducted or accessed via your username and/ or password.
We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
13. Retention periods
To ensure fair processing, your information will be deleted within 60 days from the conclusion of the provision of our services to a client.
For clients and prospective clients, we will delete your information where there is no longer a legitimate business interest to keep that information, or where you have written to us asking that you information is deleted.
14. Your rights
You have the following rights in respect of the information we hold about you. Before we grant any of these rights we will need to verify your identity.
Information access
Objection to processing of your Information
Objection to automated decision-making and profiling
Restriction of processing of your Information
Information rectification
You can exercise your right to access the information we hold about you by contacting us at the address as set out at the top of this Privacy Notice. If you make a request relating to any of your rights, we will consider each request in accordance with all applicable data protection laws and regulations.
If you wish to contact us to: (1) inquire about our privacy practices; (2) provide feedback and comments regarding our privacy practices; or (3) access or correct your Information please contact us using the contact details as above.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
15. Links to other websites
Our websites may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control, and the privacy notices/policies of these websites are separate from our websites and may differ from our own. Please be aware that we have no control over such websites and our Privacy Notice does not apply to such websites. We advise that you to check the privacy notices/policies of such websites before disclosing any Information via such websites.
16. Changes to this privacy notice
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Notice at any time. You are encouraged to review this Privacy Notice regularly. If we make a material change to our practices with regard to your information that would negatively affect the privacy and/or security of your Information, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you in advance and give you a reasonable period of time to object to any such changes.
17. Acceptance of this privacy notice
By using our websites or our App, or otherwise providing your Information to us, you signify you have read and understood our Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice was last revised May 2019
Home
Request demo
Call us: +44 (0)20 7644 6444
About
Why Concise
Event types
People
Services
Chime
CHIME LIVE
PAGE
Check-In
PITCH PACK
Expertise
Clients
What's new
Contact us
Change region
UKGermanyHong KongSingaporeUSA
@ConciseGroup
9 Dec
No matter where your presenters are in the world, Concise can help connect and engage attendees via our Chime Live… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
2 Dec
2021 is almost here! Kick off the new year by elevating the professional elements and production value at your virt… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Our website uses cookies. They allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website. By continuing to use this website you give your consent to cookies being used. For further information on the cookies we use and how you can disable them visit our Privacy Notice. Please be aware that parts of our website may not work without them.
Close
Got it
To view this policy, we are redirecting you to Concise’s parent company website www.psav.com