https://www.microtune.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
0 items
Toggle navigation
Industrial and Scientific
Network Equipment
Electronics
Office Products
Microscopes
Books
Software
Microtune.com
Privacy Policy
Created On: 28th, January 2019 at 05:09
Last Updated: 28th, January 2019 at 05:09
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). Please read on if you wish to learn more about our privacy policy.
What Information do we collect?
We keep only the information about how you have navigated our website. We temporarily keep information on the products you have added to your basket. We do not keep any personal information that would identify you in the future. When processing your order at Amazon there are other details that will be required - see the relevant Amazon Privacy Policy for full details.
We also record usage data such as the pages visited. This information is completely anonymous.
If you sign up for our Newsletter, we will ask for your email address. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time.
How do we protect your information?
Any information we hold is secured in accordance with our internal security policy.
Do we use cookies?
We use cookies to enable you to hold the content of your shopping basket between visits and to record anonymous traffic data. We do not store any personally identifying information in these cookies.
Will we sell your information?
We do not sell any information about their customers; as simple as that. We will not forward your details on to any third party at any time.
Browse Categories
Industrial and Scientific (1168)
Network Equipment (3177)
Electronics (1418)
Office Products (0)
Microscopes (774)
Books (1076)
Software (879)
All Products
Cookie Consent Policy
About Our Site
Privacy Policy
RSS Feeds
Contact Us
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
100% Secure Payments
Microtune.com
Copyright © 2020. All rights reserved.
Best Online Shopping
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
Microtune.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com, Endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com. Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.
Learn More
Accept