https://www.tombarrow.com/privacy-policy
COVID-19: Learn about the health & safety steps we’re taking and resources for space disinfection.
Home
Manufacturers
Learning Center
News
About
Our Story
Our Team
Careers
Locations
Atlanta, GA
404-351-1010
Birmingham, AL
205-967-8943
Ft. Myers, FL
239-278-1988
Jacksonville, FL
904-399-4133
Memphis, TN
901-367-1180
Nashville, TN
615-244-4800
Orlando, FL
407-291-0961
Pensacola, FL
850-432-4076
Savannah, GA
912-356-1721
Tampa, FL
813-888-9000
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTIONThis privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) is designed to assist you in understanding the information that Tom Barrow Co (“Tom Barrow Co,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) collects on www.tombarrow.com (the “Web Site”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Please also read our Terms of Use, which governs your use of the Web Site. Your use of the Web Site indicates to us that you have read and accepted the Terms of Use and our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers information collected on this Web Site. This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected at any other web site by us, offline or elsewhere (unless specifically stated), or any information collected by any other third party web sites linked to this Web Site.
ACTIVE INFORMATION COLLECTEDCertain features on this Web Site, such as the “Contact Us” form, may ask you to provide us with personally identifiable information, such as your name, title, occupation, business, homes address, business address, telephone number, fax number or e-mail address (collectively, the “PII”). You can choose not to provide certain information.
When you visit, interact or download information from the Web Site, our web servers may automatically collect web site usage information. Web site usage information is non-PII that describes how our visitors use and navigate this Web Site. Web site usage information may include, without limitation, the number and frequency of visitors to each web page, the length of stay on each web page, browser type, the preceding and subsequent page viewed, and an Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer or network when you are on the internet. When you request pages from the Web Site, our servers log your IP address. Tom Barrow Co may use IP addresses for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, system administration, and audits of our Web Site. We may also use IP addresses in cooperation with internet service providers or law enforcement agencies to identify users if we deem it necessary to comply with the law, to enforce compliance with this Privacy Policy or this Web Site’s Terms of Use, or to protect the Web Site or its users and visitors. Web site usage information may be used by us to determine the applicable technology available in order to serve the visitor the most appropriate version of a web page, e-mail or other similar services. In addition, web site usage information may be used by us to determine how visitors arrive at the Web Site, what type of content is most popular, what type of content is more relevant, and what type of visitors are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising.
We may also collect your IP address or some other unique identifier for the particular device you use to access the internet, as applicable (collectively, the “Device Identifier”). A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer, cell phone or other device used to access the internet. Our computers identify your device by its Device Identifier. We may associate your Device Identifier with other information you provide.
We may receive information about you from other sources, including, without limitation, geographic or demographic information or information regarding your possible interests from third parties, or we may receive information from a marketing partner in connection with a co-branded web site or promotion. We may use this information for a variety of purposes, including, without limitation, our ability to serve you and to tailor the content we have on the Web Site. We may combine the information we receive from those other sources with information we collect through the Web Site. In such cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any PII received, unless otherwise specifically disclosed by us at the time you provide your PII.
PASSIVE INFORMATION COLLECTEDWe and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically collect information when you use this Web Site. This information may include browser type, operating system and IP address. The methods that may be used to collect this information include the following:
Cookies. A cookie is a data file placed on a computer when it is used to visit this Web Site. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, tracking user preferences and web pages visited while using this Web Site. You may disable cookies using your browser’s preferences, but some features of this Web Site may not function properly or may operate slowly if you disable cookies. Web Beacons. A web beacon is a small graphic image or other web programming code (also known as “1x1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) that may be included in our Web Site pages or e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened, to serve users with relevant content at the Web Site, count Web Site visitors, monitor Web Site traffic patterns, and/or count how many articles or links were actually viewed. Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is a programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with this Web Site, such as which links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server or third party provider, is active only while you are connected to the Web Site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter. Mobile Device Identifiers. A mobile device identifiers are certain mobile service providers which uniquely identify mobile devices. We or our third-party providers may receive such device information if you access the Web Site through mobile devices. Certain features of our Web Site may require collection of mobile phone numbers and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information. Additionally, some mobile phone service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their services. Depending on the provider, we or our third-party service providers may receive this information.Information collected through passive means may be non-identifying or may be associated with you. In the latter case, it will be treated as PII.
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTEDTom Barrow Co does not share PII collected through the Web Site with third parties except as set forth below or in this Privacy Policy. Tom Barrow Co may use the PII we collect from you on the Web Site or from e-mails you send directly to us as follows:
To respond to your inquiries, comments, questions or requests; To send you newsletters, e-mails and other communications for which you have registered; To monitor and statistically analyze usage of the Web Site and to improve the Web Site and/or product and services offerings; To administer the Web Site’s systems, to audit the Web Site and for other internal business purposes; To customize the advertising and content you see; To add to our database, subscriber lists and/or contact lists; To contact you about the Web Site, including, without limitation, to notify you in our discretion of changes to this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use, or other policies that affect your use of the Web Site; To verify and monitor compliance with the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use; To comply with a judicial, administrative or similar proceeding or order such as a subpoena, search warrant, discovery request or other valid law enforcement measure or investigation; To protect the legal rights, interests and safety of the Web Sites, our users or others in cooperation with copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers and law enforcement agencies; When we employ third parties to perform functions or services on our behalf, including, without limitation, third party hosting companies communication services and data analysts; or To share with and among our affiliates or in the event there is any transfer, sale, or assignment of any of our business and/or assets or in the event of any other corporate change.Tom Barrow Co may provide third parties with non-PII information such as aggregate information regarding users of the Web Site, demographic information, the number of unique page requests, unique users of our Web Site and aggregate information on the types of activities users conducted while on the Web Site.OUR COMMITMENT TO SECURITYYour privacy is important to us. Tom Barrow Co uses reasonable efforts and safeguards to protect the PII we collect on this Web Site from unauthorized access, use, modification or disclosure. However, due to the design of the internet and other factors outside of our control, we cannot guarantee that PII will be protected in all situations and circumstances. All information you transmit to Tom Barrow Co via the Web Site is at your own risk.
CONSENT TO TRANSFERThis Web Site is operated in the United States. If you are located in Canada, the European Union or elsewhere outside the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using the Web Site or by providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
LINKSWhile on this Web Site you may be directed to other web sites that are operated and controlled by third parties that are beyond our control. These other websites may set their own cookies, collect data or have their own privacy policies. As noted above, this Privacy Policy only covers information collected by Tom Barrow Co on this Web Site. This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected by any other third party web sites linked to this Web Site which you may visit by following links from our Web Site. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any other web site you visit before providing any PII.
UPDATING/CORRECTING YOUR PII AND CONTACTING Tom Barrow CoThis Web Site may contain pages through which you can change your preferences or update the PII you have provided to us through the Web Site. If you register to receive e-mail, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions provided to you in the applicable communication. You can contact Tom Barrow Co directly in order to: (i) update or correct the PII that we store about you; or (ii) direct us to render inactive on our systems all your PII.  Please note that if you request us to render inactive your PII, we may still use aggregate non-PII, and some PII that you provided may continue to reside on backup tapes and other non-active systems for data restoration purposes. We will not manually delete PII from such backup media.
GENERAL AUDIENCEThe Web Site is a general audience web site. We do not knowingly collect or maintain any PII from children under the age of thirteen (13). We do not expect children to be attracted to or to use this Web Site. In the event we discover that a child under the age of thirteen (13) has provided this Web Site with PII, we will delete such child’s PII from our database.
ACCEPTANCE & PRIVACY POLICY CHANGESBy using this Web Site, you accept our privacy practices as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Tom Barrow Co reserves the right to modify, revise or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time for any reason. We will post any new or revised policies on the Web Site, but we will only use your PII in accordance with the privacy policy that was in effect at the time it was collected, unless you consent to any new terms regarding its use. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE EXIT THIS WEB SITE IMMEDIATELY.
This Tom Barrow Co Privacy Policy has an effective date of October 26, 2009.