https://www.pivotint.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Pivot International / Privacy Policy
We have made revisions to this Privacy Policy, effective December 20, 2019, to reflect the new rules set forth by the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requirements. We’ve a) streamlined the process by which you can opt-out of our communications, b) organized our privacy terms so they’re easier to understand, c) described in detail how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, and d) clearly identified how we work with third-parties.
We take your privacy very seriously. With regard to personal information, we will never share any details that personally identify you, like your name, email address, or phone number, unless we are legally required to do so.
By continuing to use our website after December 20, 2019, you agree to the new Privacy Policy.
1. Introduction
2. Information that you give to Pivot International
3. Information we collect about you
4. How we use your information
5. Information we receive from other sources
6. Information we share and disclose
7. Where we store and transfer your personal data
8. Your rights
9. COPPPA
10. Fair Information Practices
11. CAN-SPAM Act
12. Contact Us
13. Changes to this Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy describes how and when we collect, use, and share your information across our websites, email notifications, applications and our other covered services that link to this Policy (collectively, the “Services”) and from other third parties.
For example, you send us information when you engage us through our website. In so doing, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. This includes any information you choose to provide that is deemed sensitive under applicable law.
While your information is managed and controlled by Pivot International, you alone are responsible for any content you submit, create or post through our Services. Pivot International is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy regarding all information that might be collected while using any of our Services.
When this policy mentions “we” or “us,” it refers to the processor of your information under this policy. We collect personal information with consent, when appropriate or required, and by lawful means only.
Regardless of which country you reside in, you authorize Pivot International and/or its subsidiary companies to transfer, store, and use your information in any country where we operate.
If there is a case when personal data is transferred from the EU to the United States, it is solely for the purpose of processing as per instructions from the controller.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, Pivot International, or any of our subsidiary organizations, please contact us by email at privacy@pivotint.com.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
2. INFORMATION YOU SHARE WITH PIVOT INTERNATIONAL
We require certain information to provide our Services to you. For example, when you provide your email address to receive electronic communications from our company. When you choose to share any of the information listed below, we collect and use it to operate our Services.
2.1 Basic Account Information
You might give us information about yourself by filling in forms on our Services or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise.
This includes information provided when you:
Use our website
Subscribe to our Services
Download educational content
Search for a product or service
Participate in discussion forums
Enter a competition, promotion or survey
Submit a message through our website contact form
Post comments and questions on our blog
None of the information you provide is shared publicly.
2.2 Contact Information and Mailing Lists
We use your personal contact information, such as your IP address or email to keep our Services secure, and to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse.
We also use contact information to send you information about our Services. If you provide us with your phone number, you agree to receive calls to that number to discuss matters that impact your usage of our Services. You may unsubscribe from an email notification by following the instructions contained within the email.
If you email us, we will keep the content of your message, your email address, and your contact information to respond to your request.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
3.1 Location Information
With regard to each of your visits to our Services, we may automatically collect information about your login and current location, which we get from signals such as your IP address or device settings, to provide our services to you.
3.2 Links and Product Usage
In order to operate our services, we keep track of how you interact with links across our Services. This includes links in emails we send you as well as actions you take when using different features within the products we offer.
3.3 Photos
When you post comments and questions on our blog, we may collect and store the link to your Avatar. We use this data in order to communicate our Services to you.
3.4 Cookies
Our website uses Cookies to distinguish you from other visitors and users on our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. We use information held about you in the following ways:
3.4.1
Information you give to us
We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to notify you about changes to our Services;
to ensure that content from our Services is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
3.4.2
Information we collect about you
We will use this information:
to administer our Services and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our Services to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Services about product features that may interest you or them.
3.4.3 Information we receive from other sources
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above, depending on the types of information we receive.
3.5 Private Messages
When you contact us using the form on our website, we may collect and store your personal messages.
3.6 Log Data
We receive information when you view content on our website or interact with our Services. For example, when you visit our websites or interact with our email notifications, we may collect information about you.
This log data stored includes information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, device information (including device and application IDs), and cookie information.
We use this data to operate our Services and ensure their secure, reliable, and robust performance. For example, we use log data to protect website security, improve the quality of our user experience, and to determine which features are being used most on our Services.
With regard to each of your visits to our Services we may automatically collect the following log data:
Technical information:
(IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet
Login information
Browser type and version
Time zone setting
Browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
Information about your visit:
Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time)
Products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages
Page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page
Any phone number used to call our customer service number
4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Pivot International takes information security very seriously and uses every reasonable administrative, technical, physical and managerial measure to protect your data from unauthorized access. Any personal information you provide is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and who are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, any/all sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer Technology (an industry-standard data transmission protocol).
We may provide access to specific information about our website visitors when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability, and to protect our rights or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, the public, or our business.
We use all of the information we have to help us provide and support our Services in the following ways:
4.1. Provide, improve and develop Services
We are able to deliver our Services, support your usage of our products and introduce improvements by using this information to understand how you use and interact with our Services.
When we have location information, we use it to tailor our Services for you and others, like automatically detecting your location in order to support your ability to schedule messages in your own time zone.
We conduct surveys and research, test features in development, and analyze the information we have to evaluate and improve products and services, develop new products or features, and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities.
4.2. Communicate with you
We use your information to send you marketing communications, communicate with you about our Services and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
5. INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may receive information about you if you use any of the Services we provide. We inform you when we collect any data that it may be shared internally and combined with other data collected on our Services.
Our usage of Google data is limited to the following use cases: Accessing and storing daily/weekly/monthly/annual analytics reports.
Should we choose to integrate our Services with third-party systems in the future (like social media channels, for example), you will be able informed of the data that will be collected by our Services and will need to give consent to have Pivot International receive and process your personal data from these platforms on your behalf.
We work closely with other third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them. The information we receive is used to enhance your experience with our Services.
6. INFORMATION WE SHARE AND DISCLOSE
We do not sell or trade your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our Services, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential and are compliant with GDPR.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
6.1 Service providers and advertisers
We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in the United States, UK, and other countries. For example, we use a variety of third-party services to help operate our services, such as hosting our various blogs and websites, and to help us understand the use of our services, such as Google Analytics.
We may share your private personal data with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions.
We may share your information with advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant advertisements to you and others.
We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to display relevant advertisements to you on third party websites. For example, if we’ve noticed that you’ve been actively using our website, we may use this data to show you relevant advertisements on Facebook informing you of a new product or service we’ve launched.
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
7. WHERE WE STORE AND TRANSFER YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by employees or contractors operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
We take the protection of your data very seriously and have made every effort to be compliant with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which is a “regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union and the EEA region.” The GDPR replaces the 1995 Data Protection Directive. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers located in the US and certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information on the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Services, and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
8. YOUR RIGHTS
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to access, rectify, port and erase your personal data.
8.1 Accessing or Rectifying Your Personal Data
We provide you with the option to access and delete any personal data you provided to us and associated with your account.
8.2 Deletion
We store data until it is no longer necessary to provide our Services.
If you require immediate deletion of your information, please contact us using the contact form on our website and allow up to 3 business days for us to process your request.
We will delete any/all content you’ve created within the scope of our services, including comments and questions posted on our blog. Once deleted, this information cannot be retrieved. We will also delete any personally identifiable information stored in any third-party applications we use.
8.3 Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You may opt out of marketing communications sent to you by opening any email we have sent you and clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the footer.
8.5 Additional Information or Assistance
Our Services may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to other websites.
9. COPPA (CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
10. FAIR INFORMATION PRACTICES
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In accordance with Fair Information Practices, you will be notified via email within 7 business days should a data breach occur.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
11. CAN-SPAM ACT
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to send information and respond to inquiries.
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to the following:
we agree to never use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
we agree to identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
we agree to include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
we agree to monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
we agree to honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
we agree to allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future messages, you can follow the instructions provided at the bottom of each email.
12. CONTACT US
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be sent to privacy@pivotint.com.
You can also reach us by mail at the following address:
Pivot International
11030 Strang Line Road
Lenexa, Kansas, 66215, USA
13. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be available at this URL.
By continuing to access or use the Services after changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Last edited: May 28, 2020
READ THE LATEST FROM OUR BLOG
Four Supply Chain Disruption Myths Your Company Should Question
The Founder’s Trap Has Never Been More Dangerous
Why Less Is More in New Product Design