https://www.boydscoffeestore.com/privacy-policy
Shop Categories
Holiday Specials
Single Pods
Retail Bags
Whole Bean
Cases
Merchandise
Wholesale Inquiries
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: August 09, 2012; Last Updated January 6, 2020.
In connection with your visit to one or more of the following websites, we collect some information each time you visit. As such, we are required to make you awarethat information is being collected and let you know what we plan to do with it. This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) applies to information collected online by Farmer Bros. Co., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries and/or divisions (though subsidiaries and divisions are sometimes referred to separately in this Policy, Farmer Bros. Co. and its subsidiaries and divisions are collectively referred to as “Farmer Bros. Co.,” “us,” “our” and/or “we”). A list of our subsidiaries and divisions can be foundbelow. This Policy applies only to our practices of gathering and disseminating information in connection with the following websites and does not apply to any of our practices or conduct offline.
Websites covered by this Policy:
Farmer Bros. Co. website (http://www.farmerbros.com/)
Farmer Bros. Co. Customer Portal (https://myaccount.farmerbros.com/)
Farmer Bros. Co. E-Commerce website (http://www.farmerbrotherscoffee.com)
China Mist website (http://www.chinamist.com/)
Public Domain website (http://www.publicdomaincoffee.com/)
West Coast Coffee website (http://www.westcoastcoffee.net/)
Boyd brand website (http://www.boyds.com)
Boyd brand E-commerce website (https://www.boydscoffeestore.com/)
The above-listed websites shall be individually and collectively referred toin this Policy as the “Site.”
PLEASE READ this Policy before you use the Site. Your usage of the Site signifies that you have read and agree with all of the terms of this Policy, so please don’t use the Site if you don’t agree with any part of this Policy. If you are acting on behalf of an entity, you represent that you have full authority to bind your entity to this Policy. If you do not have such authority, do not use the Site.
We reserve the right to update and revise this Policy at any time. We will post any new or revised Policy here, and you should review this Policy regularly to make sure that you are aware of its terms.You can determine if this Policy has been revised since your last visit by referring to the effective date and last updated date at the top of this Policy.If changes are significant, we may, in our discretion, also notify you of such changes to this Policy by posting a notice on the home page of the Site and/or via the Personally Identifiable Information (described below) that you have provided to us, if any. Your use of the Site following such revision constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to the terms of this Policy as amended or revised by us, and the revisions will apply to the Personally Identifiable Information and Automatically Collected Information (described below) collected on and after the date on which we post the revised Policy to the Site.
IMPORTANT NOTICE: Please see information in the Section entitled “Who Will Have Access to the Information?” for an understanding regarding the parties with whom we may share your information, how they will use your information (including, in some cases, for direct marketing purposes), and how you may opt-out of our sharing of your information with these parties.
What information do we collect?
Automatically Collected Information
As soon as you navigate to the Site and continue to browse through the Site, we automatically collect and store information about your visit such as: date and time of visit, duration of visit, type of web browser used, the operating system/platform you are using, your IP address, the web sites from which you linked to the Site, and your CPU speed. We also may note whether and how you use the Site by recording site traffic patterns and “clickstreams.” Thisinformation allows us to track what visitors to the Site are looking at most frequently so we can recognize and deliver more of the desired features, products, and services, and continually improve the performance and functionality of the Site.Unless prohibited by law, this Automatically Collected Information may be combined with Personally Identifiable Information you have provided.
Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information collected on the Site may consist of information including, but not limited to, your name; home or business address; billing address; email address; telephone number; fax number; other information that could be used to contact you via mail, in person, or online or to identify you personally; demographic information (such as your zip code); your username and password and answers to security questions; details regarding your entity and business; financial information, such as your credit card or debit card information; employment history and otheremployment-related information; personal information you input into any message box if you fill out a “contact us” form, “sample request” form, “quote request” form, “search” box, or similar form on the Site; and any other information you actively enter into the Site.
Personally Identifiable Information may be provided by you to us in several ways, including but not limited to, when you contact us through the Site, fill out and submit a form to obtain additional information about the products and services we offer, search for stores located near you, create an account through the Site, sign up to receive our newsletter and other information from us, pay invoices through the Site, and purchase products through the Site.
In order to participate in the online services we provide, you may be asked to provide Personally Identifiable Information.YOU DO NOT HAVE TO PROVIDE US WITH YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO BROWSE THE SITE, AND WE ONLY COLLECT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION FROM YOU WHEN YOU VOLUNTARILY PROVIDE IT TO US.YOU ARE NEVER UNDER ANY OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.However, if you do not provide Personally Identifiable Information, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site.When you do provide us your Personally Identifiable Information, you are authorizing us to use that information in accordance with the terms of this Policy and to store your Personally Identifiable Information on our servers located in the United States.
How do we collect and use your Automatically Collected Information?
Cookies
We may use a feature of your internet browser called a “cookie” (a small file automatically placed on your hard drive or device when you access the Site and use certain features of the Site, which assigns you a unique, random number that acts as a sort of anonymous ID) to facilitate site navigation and internet sessions. Standing alone, a cookie does not identify Personally Identifiable Information of a user; rather, it identifies the computer or device that a user uses to access the Site. Unless you choose to identify yourself to us, such as by opening an account, filling out a web form, or purchasing product, you remain anonymous to us when browsing the Site. Cookies may be used to remember your personal settings, pre-fill forms for you, and to monitor your use of the Site to improve our services.
There are two types of cookies: Session-based and persistent-based. Session cookies only exist during one session, and they disappear from your computer or device when you close yourbrowser software or otherwise end your session. Persistent cookies remain on your computer or device after your close your browser or otherwise end your session.
If you have chosen to create an account on the Site, we use session cookies containing encrypted information to allow us to uniquely identify you. Each time you log into your account, a session cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed on your browser. These session cookies allow us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into your account on the Site and to process your online transactions and requests. Session cookies are required to use your account. We also use cookies to provide us information about Site features used and activities conducted while using the Site.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can disable the acceptance of cookies at any time by changing the preferences in your browser. Please refer to your browser for information on how to disable and control cookies. If you choose to disable cookies on your browser, you may not be able to use some of the features or services offered on the Site. If cookies are enabled on your browser, you should assume that Automatically Collected Information is constantly being gathered by every website that you visit, including the Site.
IP Addresses
When you visit the Site, we collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address to track and aggregate Automatically Collected Information. For example, we use IP addresses to monitor the regions from which our Site users navigate the Site and to help us learn about your browser and operating system. We also collect IP addresses from users when they log into their accounts on the Site in order to confirm the applicable user’s identity.
How do we use the information?
Personally Identifiable Information
When you supply us with your Personally Identifiable Information, we will use it for the express purpose stated when we ask for such Personally Identifiable Information (e.g., to create an account you have initiated; to fulfill your product orders or allow you to pay your company invoices online; or, if you apply for a job, we will use the Personally Identifiable Information provided to consider you for the position and to contact you regarding your application). We may also use your Personally Identifiable Information to contact you regarding the Site or your account or product purchases, or to provide required notices
Use of Personally Identifiable Information for Marketing Purposes
We may use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide information about products or services that may be of interest to you; or to provide information regarding Farmer Bros. Co. and its subsidiaries and divisions, upcoming events, new products, and other general information about our products and/or services. See information below regarding how to opt-out of receiving such marketing communications regarding Farmer Bros. Co. and its subsidiaries and divisions. See information below about how Farmer Bros. Co. and its subsidiaries and divisions may share your Personally Identifiable Information with one another for marketing purposes.
Use of Financial Information to Fulfill Product Orders and Allow You to Pay Invoices Online
We use financial information solely to process payments you initiate through the Site to either pay for products you purchase through the Site or to pay invoices through the Site for products you purchase offline. We and our third party payment processors provide data encryption during the payment process. We only use and retain your financial information to complete payments you initiate. We do not retain your financial information after the transaction is complete, unless you check a box through which you ask us to save your financial information for future product purchases or payments. If you do check that box, we will retain your financial information until you contact us and ask that we remove it from our databases. We use third-party intermediaries to manage online payment processing. Our third-party processors follow Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) standards and are PCI-Compliant. Our third-party payment processors are not authorized to use your financial information in any way other than to process payments on our behalf and are required to keep the information confidential. We only share your financial information with our third-party payment processor, your credit card provider, and financial institutions to process payments.
Automatically Collected Information
We collect Automatically Collected Information in an effort to ensure that our Site will appear and function appropriately on your computer, to help us improve our Site, and so we may determine which website referred you to our Site. Your IP address is used to help identify you. We may also use Automatically Collected Information to track what our Site users are looking at most frequently so we can recognize and deliver more of the desired features, products, and services. See other sections of this Policy for more information on how we use your Automatically Collected Information.
Personally Identifiable Information and Automatically Collected Information
We may use both Personally Identifiable Information and Automatically Collected Information to help diagnose problems with the Site, to analyze statistical use patterns and demographic data, and to improve our Site, products, and services.
Who will have access to the information?
Except in the limited circumstances stated in this Policy, we will not sell or otherwise transfer or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to any unrelated third party. We reserve the right to share Personally Identifiable Information among Farmer Bros. Co. and its subsidiaries and divisions listed below (regardless of which entity or division first collected the information) in connection with marketing activities and maintenance and operation of the Site, or as may be legally required. You acknowledge and agree that even if you only visit and provide Personally Identifiable Information through one of the Sites listed on the first page of this Policy, Farmer Bros. Co. and its subsidiaries and divisions may share your Personally Identifiable Information among themselves and contact you for marketing purposes. See the Section below entitled “How to Stop Marketing Communications?” for instructions regarding how to contact us to request that we stop contacting you for marketing purposes. Also, at any time, you may contact us at info@farmerbros.com to request that we stop sharing your Personally Identifiable Information among the Farmer Bros. Co. entities and divisions for marketing purposes.
We may also share de-identified aggregated Automatically Collected Information without restriction.
Third-Party Service Providers
We may provide your Personally Identifiable Information and Automatically Collected Information to third parties that provide us with services to the extent necessary and appropriate, in our discretion, to perform certain marketing or Site related services on our behalf (e.g., improving Site related services and features, directing mailings, fulfilling product orders, website analytics, etc.). These third parties are not authorized to use your Personally Identifiable Information or Automatically Collected Information for any other purpose and are required to keep the information confidential.
Third-Party Payment Processors
We use third-party intermediaries to manage payment processing. These intermediaries are not permitted to store, retain, or use your financial information or other Personally Identifiable Information, except for the sole purpose of payment processing on our behalf. For more information regarding third parties who will have access to your financial information, see the subsection above entitled “Use of Financial Information to Fulfill Product Orders and Allow You to Pay Invoices Online.”
Zip Recruiter and Monster
If you provide Personally Identifiable Information online in order to apply for jobs at Farmer Bros. Co., please note that you will be using and providing Personally Identifiable Information and Automatically Collected Information through websites owned and operated by Zip Recruiter and Monster, who are vendors we use to assist us with receiving online job applications. We will be given all of the Personally Identifiable Information you provide as part of your online portfolio and as part of job applications you submit, and we will only use this Personally Identifiable Information to consider your application(s), contact you in response to your application, and as part of your personnel file if you are hired. When you submit information through the Zip Recruiter and Monster websites, please be aware that the Personally Identifiable Information and other information you submit through those websites and your use of those websites is subject to Zip Recruiter’s and Monster’s privacy policies and other terms and conditions of use.
Merger, Acquisition, or Sale
We may transfer any and all Personally Identifiable Information and Automatically Collected Information to a third party (whether affiliated or not), in the event of a sale or transfer of assets or other disposition of all or any portion of our business. In this event, we will, if allowed, use reasonable efforts to notify you when your Personally Identifiable Information and Automatically Collected Information is transferred to any third party under this paragraph by posting such notice on the Site and/or by contacting you via the Personally Identifiable Information you have provided us, if any. Unless you consent otherwise, we will require the third party to agree to only use your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, even after the transfer. But any new information you provide after the transfer will likely be subject to a new policy, and you should review that policy. Once your Personally Identifiable Information is provided to the third party in connection with such a transfer, we are not responsible or liable for the third party’s use and/or disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information.
Required by Law
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may also use and/or disclose Personally Identifiable Information and Automatically Collected Information to any third party, without your consent and without notice to you, if we believe we are legally obligated to do so; if we believe disclosure is necessary to protect, establish, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; or if we believe disclosure is necessary to protect our other customers or our employees, property, or business.
Public Areas of Site
The Site may contain one or more areas where users can post content that will be viewed by other Site users. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information on these areas for public viewing, the information may be collected, stored, used, and disclosed by other Site users. Such activities are beyond our control, and we shall have no responsibility for or liability regarding the protection or security of such information. Do not post information that you want to keep private on these areas of the Site.
How is the information you collect secured?
We use commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial security measures to assist in protecting against the loss, misuse, and unauthorized alteration of Personally Identifiable Information that is under our control. Unfortunately, no data storage system or system of transmitting data over the Internet, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of our servers, the means by which Personally Identifiable Information is transmitted between your computer or device and our servers, or any Personally Identifiable Information provided to us or to any third party through or in connection with the Site.
How to Stop Marketing Communications?
If you choose to provide us with your contact information, we may contact you with offers for products and services that may be of interest to you. With each such offer, you will be given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving future marketing notices. But note that if you unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications from Farmer Bros. Co. or one of its subsidiaries or divisions, the other entities comprising Farmer Bros. Co. and its subsidiaries and divisions may still send you marketing communications until you unsubscribe from those as well. For example, if you visit the Farmer Bros. Co. Site and the Public Domain Coffee Site and if you subscribe to each Site’s newsletter (or if you are otherwise placed on both parties’ mailing lists), you would have to unsubscribe from both newsletters to stop receiving marketing communications from Farmer Bros. Co. and Public Domain Coffee; unsubscribing from one will not unsubscribe you from the other. As an alternative to using the unsubscribe mechanism contained within marketing communications, you may also opt-out of receiving future marketing notices by contacting us at info@farmerbros.com. Even if you opt-out, we reserve the right to contact you for non-marketing purposes.
Can you update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information?
If you have set up an account on the Site, you may update or change your Personally Identifiable Information associated with your account by logging in to your account on the Site and editing your account information or by sending an email request to info@farmerbros.com. If you don’t have an account, you may update or change any Personally Identifiable Information you provided to us at any time by sending an email request to info@farmerbros.com.
If you have set up an account for job applications through Zip Recruiter or Monster, you may update or change your Personally Identifiable Information associated with your account by editing your account on those sites or by contacting Zip Recruiter or Monster.
If you request that your Personally Identifiable Information be changed or deleted from our databases, we will use commercially-reasonable efforts to remove your Personally Identifiable Information from our databases, but see the Section entitled “Retention and Storage” below regarding why we may still maintain some information.
Retention and Storage
We retain financial information in accordance with the Section above entitled “Use of Financial Information to Fulfill Product Orders and Allow You to Pay Invoices Online.” We may, in our discretion, retain all other Personally Identifiable Information and Automatically Collected Information in our databases until you ask us to remove your information from our databases, unless applicable laws require otherwise. Note that even after you ask us to remove your information from our databases, it may be impossible to remove some information, such as information tracked in our web server log files and information that may reside in backup files. We may also retain Automatically Collected Information even after you request that we remove your information from our databases, for use in the aggregate and to analyze and improve the Site and our products and services. Further, even after you request that we remove your information from our databases, we may retain Personally Identifiable Information and Automatically Collected Information to comply with any applicable law, rule, regulation, or guideline; to prevent fraudulent activity; to protect ourselves against liability; and to allow us to enforce our contractual or other rights and to pursue available remedies and limit any damages we may sustain.
Links
This Policy applies only to the Personally Identifiable Information and Automatically Collected Information collected through the Site. The Site may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us (“Linked Sites”). We are not responsible for and have not reviewed the privacy practices of the Linked Sites, or the owners or operators of the Linked Sites. The owners and operators of the Linked Sites may have their own policies regarding privacy and security. We advise you to review any Linked Sites for their own privacy practices to determine what information about you may be collected and used when you use such Linked Sites.
Third-Party Promotions
At times, we may advertise third-party promotions on our Site, which are offered by unrelated entities. Unless otherwise specifically indicated on our Site in connection with such a third-party promotion, we do not sponsor, endorse, or offer such promotions. Rather, by including such promotions on our Site, we simply provide an additional means for you to become aware of the third-party promotions, as a service to you. And, unless otherwise specifically indicated on our Site in connection with such a third-party promotion, we will not receive any compensation or other benefit from the inclusion of the promotion on our Site. By entering such a third-party promotion, you will provide your Personally Identifiable Information to the promotion sponsor(s) and/or administrator(s) and not to Farmer Bros. Co. By entering such a third-party promotion, you agree that we shall have no responsibility for, and you agree to release Farmer Bros. Co. and its subsidiaries and divisions and each of their officers, directors, shareholders, members, employees, agents, and representatives from, any and all liability arising out of or relating to (i) your submission of Personally Identifiable Information or other information to the promotion sponsor(s) and/or administrator(s); and/or (ii) such sponsor(s), administrator(s), or any other third party’s use of your Personally Identifiable Information or other information as a result of your submission of information as part of the promotion. We are not responsible for and have not reviewed the privacy practices of such promotion sponsor(s) and/or administrator(s), and we advise you to review their privacy practices to determine what information about you may be collected and used when you participate in the promotion.
Intended Users of the Site
The Site is intended for adults only. By accessing, providing information through, or otherwise using the Site, you affirm (i) that you are at least eighteen (18) years old, or that you are between the age of thirteen (13) and seventeen (17) and possess legal parental or guardian consent to use the Site and provide information through the Site (to purchase product from the Site, you must be at least eighteen (18) years old); (ii) that you are a United States resident; and (iii) that you have authority to agree to this Policy and are competent and capable of understanding and complying with this Policy.
How do we protect the privacy of children on our Site?
The Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen (13), and we will not knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of thirteen (13) and will not knowingly contact children under the age of thirteen (13) for marketing purposes. If you are under the age of thirteen (13), please do not use the Site or provide any Personally Identifiable Information to us. If we learn that we have received information from a child under age thirteen (13), we will delete that information from our files.
Special Notification for Individual California Users
As noted above, Farmer Bros. Co. may disclose any Personally Identifiable Information you provide using the Site to its subsidiaries, divisions, and certain third parties it employs from time to time. Our subsidiaries and divisions may use this information for all purposes outlined in this Policy. Because separate legal entities are considered “third parties” for purposes of California Civil Code Section 1798.83, and certain communications from our affiliates might be viewed as promoting their products and/or services, we are providing the following information for California residents who have provided us with Personally Identifiable Information (“Individual California Users”). Individual California Users may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of Personally Identifiable Information to subsidiaries and divisions of Farmer Bros. Co. for such subsidiaries’ and divisions’ direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us by mail at the following address:
Farmer Brothers	Marketing Department
1912 Farmer Brothers Drive
Northlake, TX 76262
info@farmerbros.com
Within thirty (30) days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of Personally Identifiable Information disclosed to such subsidiaries and divisions for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these subsidiaries and divisions and a description of the nature of their businesses. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year.
Severability
If any provision of this Policy is found to be unenforceable, then the unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by an enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision, and the remainder of this Policy shall continue in full force and effect. Contact Us
Contact us at info@farmerbros.com if you have any comments or questions about this Policy or the use of your Personally Identifiable Information and Automatically Collected Information.
Farmer Bros. Co. – Subsidiaries and Divisions
Subsidiaries
Coffee Bean International, Inc.
Coffee Bean Holding Co., Inc.
FBC Finance Company
China Mist Brands, Inc.
Boyd Assets Co.
Divisions
West Coast Coffee
Support
Support
Shop Categories
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Return Policy