https://www.godrej.com/private-policy
Privacy Policy
At Godrej & Boyce Manufacturing Company Limited (hereinafter
referred to as
“Godrej”), we take your privacy very seriously and are committed to protect your
personal data. This Privacy Policy sets out the way in which we collect, use,
disclose, transfer, and store your personal data when you use our website.
You are advised to carefully read the Privacy Policy before using this website.
Collection and use of personal data and sensitive
personal
data
Offers and opportunties from us and our partners
Legitimate processing of information
Children
Who do we share your personal data
with?
Transferring your personal data
Retention of personal data
Cookies
Safeguarding your personal data
Your privacy rights and who to contact
Changes to our privacy notice
Handling privacy concerns
Please note that our website and other digital platforms may contain links to
third party websites / digital platforms which are provided for your
convenience. We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and
procedures of every other website / digital platform that you visit as we are
not responsible for the privacy practices and security of such other websites /
platforms.
In general, you can visit this webite without telling us who you are or
revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain
names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. Domain name information that we
collect is not used to personally identify you and instead is aggregated to
measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc.
We use this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the
content of our site.
When other information is collected from you, such as your name and e-mail
address (Personal Data), we will use it in accordance with the terms of this
notice and for the purpose of fulfilling your requirement. This information may
be shared with other Godrej and Boyce Manufacturing Company Limited businesses,
but only if necessary to fulfill your request or for related purposes.
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA AND SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA
Personal data is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person
(including but not limited to name, address, e-mail address, user name,
telephone number, age, date of birth, gender, education qualifications,
nationality,information, posts and other content you submit to our sites) .
“Sensitive personal data” includes information relating to passwords,
credit/debit cards information, biometric information (such as DNA,
fingerprints, voice patterns, etc. that are used for authentication purposes),
physical, physiological and information relating to your health life). It is
clarified that any and/or all such ‘sensitive personal data’ provided by you is
based on your explicit consent. It is further clarified that any such
information that is freely available or accessible in public domain shall not be
regarded as sensitive personal data or information.
All personal data and sensitive peronal data that we collect about you will be
recorded, used, and protected by us in accordance with applicable data
protection legislation and this Privacy Notice. While you can visit our site
without disclosing any personal data, however please note, if you don’t choose
to provide us with the requested personal data, we may be unable to offer you
our products or services in some instances where this data is required. Also, to
apply or register on our website there are web pages that require such
information to complete certain functions, thus these web pages may not be
available to you if you decide not to reveal the information requested.
In broad terms, we use your personal data for the following purposes:
to administer and provide products and services you request or have
expressed an interest in
to communicate with you in the event that any products or services you
have requested are unavailable
for fraud screening and prevention purposes
to carry out aggregate market research so that we can improve the
products and services we offer
to create an individual profile for you so that we can understand and
respect your preferences
to personalise and improve your experience on our digital platforms
to personalise and/ tailor any communications that we may send you
for profiling purposes to enable us to personalise and/or tailor any
marketing communications that you may consent to receive from us
When we provide you with products or services we may collect and store any
personal data that you provide to us. We may, for example, keep a record of your
name, address, delivery address, email address, telephone number and payment
card details.
When you sign up with us for an online account, register to receive marketing
communications from us (and/or our sponsors and partners), fill in one of our
forms (whether online or offline) or otherwise expressly provide us with your
personal data, we may collect and store any personal data that you provide to us
and may use it to personalise and improve your experience on our digital
platforms, provide products and services you request from us, and carry out
profiling and market research.
When you interact with our digital platforms, we may also automatically collect
the following information about your visit. This is primarily to help us better
understand how you use our digital platforms to enable us create better content
and more relevant communications:
how you have reached our digital platform and the internet protocol (IP)
address you have used
your browser type, versions and plug-ins, and your operating system
your journey through our digital platform, including which links you
click on and any searches you made, how long you stayed on a page, and
other page interaction information
what content you like or share
which adverts you saw and responded to
which pop up or push messages you might have seen and responded to
your subscription status
information collected in any forms you complete
We may also infer your country of location from the IP address you have used to
access our digital platforms and we may analyse which marketing activity led to
your taking specific action on our digital platforms.
OFFERS AND OPPORTUNTIES FROM US AND OUR PARTNERS
We want you to be the first to know about new products and services, and
occasional offers from our partners. We may share these offers with you only
with your prior consent. You can unsubscribe from receiving these offers by
emailing us. Please note, if you don’t choose to receive this information, we
will be unable to keep you informed of new services, products, events or special
offers that may interest you and our ability to inform you of ticketing
opportunities may be affected.
LEGITIMATE PROCESSING OF INFORMATION:
We may process your personal information for legitimate interests, including
providing you with services and for service improvement purposes.
It may be deemed necessary to process personal information for the following
(but not limited to) purposes of legitimate interests by us or our third parties
such as :
To deliver services in respect to requests raised by you.
To prevent misuse or fraudulent activities on our platforms.
To uphold performance of contracts to which the data subject is a part
of .
In interests deemed to protect the vital interest of the data subject.
In order to maintain compliance with legal obligations to which Godrej
is a subject or where required by law.
We take special consideration to ensure that the legitimate processing of
information do not override the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data
subjects.
CHILDREN
We understand the importance of taking extra precautions to protect the privacy
and safety of children using Godrej’s products and services.
Our website does not provide information or any products specifically targeting
children. We only provide products and general information in relation to the
activities of our company, our history, and our products. If you are under 16,
and use our website, you may use it only with the involvement of a parent or
guardian. We also do not knowingly collect or wish to collect any personal
information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child's
parent or guardian. However, if you have signed up to receive a product or
service we may contact you about this.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?
We may share the personal information you provide with other companies we have
hired to provide services for us. These companies - our vendors - are
contractually bound to use personal information we share with them only to
perform the services we have hired them to provide. We do not share, sell, or
lease personal information about you to any third-parties for their marketing
use. We will release information about you if you direct us to do so, if we are
required by law to do so, or in other legally limited circumstances (for
example, to protect your account from fraud or illegal activities).
TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may transfer your personal data to servers located outside the country in
which you live or to affiliates or other trusted third parties based in other
countries so that they may process personal data on our behalf. By using a
Godrej site or otherwise providing Godrej with personal data, you agree to us
doing so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data
protection laws and regulations. Godrej will ensure to a reasonable extent that
anyone processing your personal data outside your country of origin is required
to implement measures to protect it and is only entitled to process it in
accordance with Godrej’s instructions.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
You are responsible for providing Godrej with accurate and complete personal
data. Please notify us of any changes to your personal data. Godrej shall take
reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is kept accurate, complete,
and current.
We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfil the
purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice unless a longer retention period is
required or permitted by law.
COOKIES
In common with many other website operators, we use standard technology called
'cookies' on our website. Cookies are small pieces of information that are
stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive and they are used to record
how you navigate this website on each visit.
We automatically collect and temporarily store the following information about
your visit:
the name of the domain you use to access the Internet;
the date and time of your visit;
the pages you visited; and
the address of the web site you came from when you came to visit
We use this information for statistical purposes and to help us make our site
more useful to visitors. Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no
additional information will be collected about you.
SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We take all reasonable precautions to keep your personal data secure and require
any third parties that handle or process your personal data for us to do the
same. Access to your personal data is restricted to prevent unauthorised access,
modification or misuse and is only permitted among our employees and agents on a
need-to-know basis.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND WHO TO CONTACT
We provide you with reasonable access to view and review your personal data and
request correction and deletion where appropriate. In order to protect your
privacy, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting
access to your personal data.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about how we handle your personal
data, then you may contact our Privacy Officer – Mr. Ajai Kumar Jain at gdpr@godrej.com.
You have the right to tell us if you:
don't want to be contacted in the future by us;
ii. would like a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
would like to delete your personal data in our records;
wish to report any misuse of your personal data; and
would like to correct or update your personal data.
To exercise any of the above listed rights you may contact our Privacy Officer.
To assist us in dealing with your request, please provide your full name,
address, date of birth and email address.
If you have subscribed to receive marketing communications, you can unsubscribe
by contacting our Privacy Officer.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may change our Privacy Notice from time to time and post the updated version
of the same. We encourage you to visit frequently to stay informed about how we
use your personal data.
A. If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or if you believe that
your personal data is not handled in accordance with the applicable law or this
notice, then you may contact our Privacy Officer – Mr. Ajai Kumar Jain at gdpr@godrej.com.
compare
Compare Now