https://www.customlapelpins.com/terms-conditions/
1.800.781.8806
Cart (0)
Create Your Pin
Free Quote
Price Estimator
Design Online
New Design
Your Designs
About
Pin Gallery
Testimonials
Our Guarantee
USA Made
FAQs
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Acknowledgments:
All orders will be acknowledged promptly with an estimated shipping date. Please review the acknowledgment carefully and let us know if there are any differences from your original instructions.
Artwork:
Camera-ready artwork supplied in electronic vector format is preferred. All text should be converted to outlines or curves in order to reproduce your design exactly. If you need assistance with your artwork, we offer art and design services free of charge with a confirmed order. For our Digital Pins, supply a proper image in high resolution.
Changes or Cancellations:
Any changes or cancellations are subject to charges based on costs incurred up to time of your request. No change is accepted once an order is in production. It will be processed as a new order.
Delivery Time:
Our delivery times range between one and four weeks after receipt of an order and approval of artwork (please refer to the appropriate item on this website for the normal delivery times listed). However, some delivery times may vary depending upon the quantity, production methods used, or uniqueness of your design requirements.
Dies:
All custom dies are maintained for the exclusive use of our original customer and remain the property of National Custom Insignia, Inc. Dies are kept for a period of three years from date of last order.
Guarantee:
We feel our 100% money-back guarantee is the best in the industry. We guarantee all our products to be of the finest quality and superior craftsmanship. If for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, we will either promptly refund your investment cost in full, or re-make your order FREE OF CHARGE - whichever you prefer, no questions asked.
Less Than Minimum:
Quantities less than those specified are not available.
Overruns and Underruns:
We reserve the right to ship and invoice 5% over or under the quantity ordered.
Packaging:
Unless specified, all pins are individually poly-bagged. Alternative packaging is available, contact us for details.
Payment Terms:
Payment is required with order. We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, check or money order. All credit card orders are verified to the fullest extent.
Phone & Handwritten Orders:
Phone orders for custom items is not accepted. We will not be responsible for errors on handwritten orders.
Pin Size:
Pricing of pins is based on the longest dimension.
Pre-Production Samples:
A sample before production is available at a cost of the item plus any set-up and die charges. Contact us for these charges. Set-up and die charges will be refunded towards an approved order without any changes. Please note that a sample may delay final delivery up to 3 weeks. Speculative samples are not available.
Privacy Policy:
Your privacy is very important to us and we are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection of any personal information you share with us. We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with any outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We will never share your credit card number with any third party. You will not receive emails or telephone solicitations. We use secure transmission when you give us your credit card information so you can be assured your information is completely safe.
Click here to change any of your personal information you have provided to us or if you wish to subscribe or unsubscribe from receiving future special offers from CustomLapelPins.com.
Returns:
A written authorization must be obtained from us before an item can be returned.
Rush Orders:
All orders requiring less than normal delivery time must be confirmed with us and are subject to a surcharge.
Shipping Method:
All orders are shipped free of charge via UPS Air service unless otherwise specified.
Trademarks:
National Custom Insignia, Inc. assumes that its customers have the rights for usage on all trademarked, service marked and / or copyrighted logos and designs sent to us for reproduction. We assume no liability in any trademark, service mark or copyright infringement disputes. Should we determine the product may require a license to merchandise, we will require a copy of your authorization.
The designs displayed on this website are not intended for sale. They have been reproduced only as examples of the type and quality of products available. They are not intended to represent that the products are endorsed by or produced for the owners of the artwork, designs or trademarks.
We reserve the right to use all products in our advertising and marketing materials unless otherwise specified in writing at the time of order.
All prices, specifications and terms of sale on this website are subject to change without prior notice. All orders are subject to approval by National Custom Insignia, Inc. and are not binding until accepted by us. We reserve the right to refuse any order at any time. All orders are subject to availability of materials and component parts. National Custom Insignia, Inc. shall not be liable for inability to ship any order(s) due to material or part shortages.
We are not liable for any typographical errors on this website.
CALL US: 1.800.781.8806Talk to a real person