http://www.bloodshotrecords.com/terms-and-conditions
Jump to navigation
Thank you for your ongoing support and patience with our small operation this year. Our warehouse is operating with shortened hours and thoughtful hygienic and social distancing protocol. Please allow a couple extra days for orders to ship.Be kind, wash your hands, and thank your postal workers.
Bloodshot Radio
Search form
Search
Log in
About Us
Contact
Terms and Conditions
This Agreement was last modified on April 25, 2014.
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Agreement", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using http://www.bloodshotrecords.com ("the Site") operated by Bloodshot Records ("us", "we", or "our"). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at http://www.bloodshotrecords.com.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Limitation of Liability
You agree that Bloodshot Record's entire liability, and your exclusive remedy, with respect to any services(s) provided under this Agreement and any breach of this Agreement is solely limited to the amount you paid for such service(s). Bloodshot Records shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages resulting from the use or inability to use any of its services or for the cost of procurement of substitute services.
Intellectual Property
The trademarks, names, logos and service marks (collectively “trademarks”) displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trademarks of Bloodshot Records. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademark without the prior written permission of Bloodshot Records. The written content displayed on this website is owned by its respective author and may not be reproduced in whole, or in part, without the express written permission of the author.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by Bloodshot Records.
Bloodshot Records has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Illinois, United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Each of the parties irrevocably consents to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Illinois, as applicable, for any matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement, except that in actions seeking to enforce any order or any judgment of such federal or state courts located in Illinois, such personal jurisdiction shall be nonexclusive
Modification
Bloodshot Records reserves the right to revise the terms and conditions of this Agreement at any time. Any such revision will be binding and effective immediately upon posting of the revised Agreement on our web site. Your continued use of our site constitutes agreement to any revision of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us at bshq[at]bloodshotrecords.com
Home
About Us
Contact
Blog
Artists
Store
Watch & Listen
Tours & Events
Media Kits
News
Log in
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
"There comes a time when every man feels the urge to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and start slitting throats." — H.L. Mencken
bshq@bloodshotrecords.com | 3039 W. Irving Park Rd. Chicago, IL 60618 | 773-604-5300 | © 2014-2020 Bloodshot Records