https://www.waterplay.com/en/privacy
Home > English > Privacy
Waterplay Privacy Policy
At Waterplay Solutions Corp. (Waterplay) we are committed to protecting the privacy of the people we deal with and respect the personal information you share with us.
Effective as of May 25, 2018
This Privacy Policy governs data collection, usage and third party services, and applies to our website located at www.waterplay.com as well as various marketing initiatives Waterplay engages in during its regular course of business. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, protect, use and share information gathered through the Waterplay website, participation at trade shows, advertising, marketing campaigns, and contractual business arrangements with suppliers, partners and customers.  Personal information means any information that can be used to individually identify a person and may include, without limitation, name, email address, postal or physical address, title and other personally identifiable information.  Residents of the European Union (“EU”), as well as other countries in Europe, may have additional rights with respect to individual personal information as provided under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to information, as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this information.
Collection of Personal Information
As a visitor to Waterplay’s website, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. Waterplay does not collect personally identifiable information about you unless you expressly provide your consent and such information is provided to us on a voluntary basis, for example, when requesting information from our website, logging into one of our partner applications, visiting us at a trade show, or completing purchase contracts. Waterplay may also add the information you provide to our databases and/or contact lists. How long Waterplay retains your personal information depends on the type of data and the purpose for which we process the data
Cookies and Tracking Technology
Waterplay and our third party service providers automatically collect some information about you when you use our website, using methods such as cookies.  Information automatically collected includes, without limitation, IP addresses, browser type, and files viewed on our sites.  The Waterplay Group and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track user movements around our website, and gather information about our user base.  You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.
Waterplay may provide links to external websites for your convenience (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, etc.). The links and information these sites contain are not monitored by us and those sites are subject to their own privacy policies. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or practices of these sites nor do we endorse these sites or content provided thereon. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on such sites, as well as any site you visit.
How Your Personal Information Is Used
Waterplay collects your information in order to provide services to you, to comply with our legal obligations and to improve our products and services. We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with nonaffiliated companies except as required by law or in response to a government investigation. Waterplay may share information in certain instances with third parties (e.g. partners, agencies/dealers or third party service providers), to determine site usage and perform statistical analyses, and for the purposes of servicing your sales and customer service needs. To the extent third parties assist us in the provision of these services, those third parties have no independent rights to your data, and have agreed to adhere to this Privacy Policy or maintain same or similar policies of their own.
Waterplay may use this information to:
Process your financial transactions.
Send you order/renewal confirmations.
Register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users.
Respond to customer service requests, questions and concerns.
Send you requested product or service information.
Keep you informed about special offers, new products and services of Waterplay and selected third parties.
Investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities and/or violations of our Terms of Service.
Meet our research and product/service development needs and to improve our website, services and offerings; and
Customize your experience, including targeting our services and offerings to your specific interests.
In certain situations, Waterplay may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Where required by law (e.g., to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or legal process served on Waterplay), and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, avoid litigation, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, and/or respond to a government request. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
Information Sharing with Service Providers / Agency Partners
Waterplay shares personal information with certain companies that perform services on our behalf (e.g. agency partners or dealers). We only share the personal information which is necessary for them to perform those services. We require any company with which we may share personal information to protect that data in a manner consistent with this policy and to limit the use of such personal information to the performance of services for Waterplay.
Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences
Outlined below are certain rights you have with respect to your personal information.  To make any requests regarding your below rights please contact Waterplay at privacy@waterplay.com.
Access: You may request information about your personal data and you can request to obtain a copy of such.
Rectification: You may request a correction or supplement to such data if your personal information is incorrect or incomplete.
Objection: You may contact Waterplay to inform us of your objection to the collection or use of your personal information for certain purposes.
Erasure: You may request that your personal information (in whole or in part) be erased from our systems.
Restriction: You may request to restrict the processing of your personal information.
Portability: You may request a copy of your personal information in a machine-readable format, and to have that information transmitted to another entity where such transmission is feasible.
Withdrawal of Consent: You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to File Complaint: You have the right to lodge a complaint regarding Waterplay’s practices with respect to your personal information within the supervisory authority country or EU member state.
Waterplay will only process personal data in ways that are compatible with the original purpose for which it was collected, or for purposes the individual later authorizes. Before we use your personal data for a purpose that is materially different than the purpose we collected it for or that you later authorized, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt out. Waterplay maintains reasonable procedures to help ensure that personal data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active, your information is needed to provide you services, or as required to fulfill our legal obligations. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
If you wish to delete your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at privacy@waterplay.com. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Choice / Opt Out
You may "opt out" of receiving Waterplay’s email updates, newsletters and/or partner emails by selecting the “opt out” option contained within these communications. The choice to opt out of such communications is also generally available during your initial engagement and business discussions with Waterplay. If you have purchased Waterplay products, Waterplay will be required to maintain contact with you regarding Warranty and Service offerings, product enhancements or defect repairs, and financial payments. Generally, you may not opt-out of these types of business communications, which are not promotional in nature.
Protection of Your Personal Information
To prevent unauthorized access to your personal data, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to secure the information we collect through the Waterplay website. While the Internet is not 100% secure from intrusion, we have used and will continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the protection of your personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may, at our sole discretion, occasionally amend this Privacy Policy. The effective date of the most recent Privacy Policy is noted at the bottom of this document. We encourage you to periodically review this policy when returning to our website to be informed of how we are committed to protecting your information. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share the personal information that you have voluntarily provided, we will notify you by posting notice of the changes on this webpage. By using the Waterplay website, you signify your agreement with the terms of this Privacy Policy and your continued use will constitute your acceptance of any changes.
Privacy Complaints
Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area, have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to Information, as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this Information.
To the extent that Waterplay’s processing of your personal data is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation, Waterplay relies on its legitimate interests, described above, to process your data. Where Waterplay processes certain personal data for Waterplay’s own direct marketing purposes, you have a right to object to Waterplay’s use of your personal data for this purpose at any time by opting out as described above from receiving all email. You may also object to processing by emailing privacy@waterplay.com.
Waterplay takes its users' privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that Waterplay has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information, you should contact the Managing Director, Waterplay Solutions Corp., 805 Crowley Avenue, Kelowna, British Columbia, V1Y 7G6, Canada. In your letter please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Waterplay Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or need to address your individual privacy rights, please contact us by email at privacy@waterplay.com.
Photo Sharing
When posting any of your photos, videos and/or comments using #waterplayers and #theWaterplayDifference, you grant permission to Waterplay, its agency partners and dealers, to use your photos and your name and likeness, and the name and likeness of anyone else shown in such photos in whole or in part for publication on any of our website pages (www.waterplay.com), on any of our current and future social media profiles, in other Internet distribution, print distribution or illustration for promotional purposes.
Furthermore, you agree to release Waterplay, their agency partners and dealers, from any and all claims or compensation requests based on the use of such materials and agree to hold these parties harmless from any and all claims by third parties, including any claim based on allegation of copyright infringement from my statements.
This Privacy Policy is effective May 25, 2018