http://www.new-nutrition.com/privacy
AcceptOur site requires the use of Cookies to allow us to deliver our content. We do not share any information about you and never will. Please click "Accept" in order to remove our alert and accept that we may use cookies. Thank you.
About us
Company
History
Contact us
What we do
NNB
KNR
10 Key Trends
Reports
Case Studies
Consultancy
Presentations
Videos
Podcasts
Subscribe
Blog
Covid-19
Login
My Account
Privacy
1. Introduction
This website is made available to you by The Centre for Food and Health Studies Ltd, trading as New Nutrition Business, ("we", "our" or "us") (the "Website"). This privacy policy outlines how we may use your personal information and forms part of the Terms of Use of the Website.
"Personal information" refers to any information which refers to you personally such as your name, e-mail address and postal address. Please read this privacy policy to understand how we use your personal information after it has been collected by us.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from to time. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page so please visit this Privacy Policy regularly.
2. When do we collect data?
We may collect personal information from you when you do the following through our Website:
order products and subscriptions from us;
register as a user on one or more of our Website;
contact us with a question or complaint.
We also collect certain information automatically about visitors to our Website, as described in the section headed "Cookies" below.
3. What personal information do we collect from you?
The personal information we may collect from you includes your:
name;
postal address;
phone number (land line, mobile and fax);
email address.
We do not retain credit or debit card information used for payment processing.
4. What do we do with your personal information?
When you give us any personal information as indicated above, we use your personal information to:
enable you to use any services that we may from time to time provide through the Website;
enable you to become a registered user on our Website;
process your transaction or subscription and correspond with you accordingly;
provide you, in accordance with your communications preferences, with information about our products and services, our latest news or special offers which may be of interest to you;
track activity on our Website for market research purposes so that we can improve the usefulness and content of the Website but, in carrying out such activity, we use the personal information in aggregate and on an anonymous basis;
for Website administration (including enabling us to respond to any comments on the Website or other feedback you may give us).
5. Do we pass on your personal information?
The personal information we collect is used only by our company. We do not share your personal information with any third party.
6. Cookies
When you view our Websites we may store information on the hard drive of your computer or on your mobile device in the form of a "cookie". Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website; however, your access to some functionality and areas of our Website may be restricted.
7. Linking to other websites
The Website contains hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These websites have their own privacy policies and we urge you to review them. They will govern the use of personal information you submit whilst visiting these websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
8. Your right to see your personal information
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold on you and to have any errors in that information corrected. We may charge a small fee for such requests where this is permitted under applicable law. You also have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal information on compelling legitimated grounds. You can exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided below.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy at any time, please contact us using the following details:
The data controller of personal information collected about you through this Website is: The Centre for Food & Health Ltd, a limited liability company registered in England and Wales (registered number is 03073696) whose registered office is at Gladstone House, 77-79 High Street, Egham, Surrey, TW20 9HY
© 2019 NewNutrition Business
About
Subscribe
Press
Contact us
Register for Updates
Terms and Conditions
Privacy policy