http://www.securitysource.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy PolicySecSource2019-07-26T09:47:26-04:00
LP Network, Inc., d/b/a Security Source (“Security Source”, “we” or “us”), is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who visit Security Source’s Web sites, including https://www.securitysource.com/index.htm, (“Websites”) or order any of our products and services (“Offerings”) in compliance with this policy. This policy describes Security Source’s privacy practices in relation to the use of our Websites, including in connection with our Offerings. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our Websites or use our Offerings, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
on our Websites;
through your use of the Offerings;
in e-mail and other electronic messages between you and the Websites; and
when you interact with our advertising on third-party websites, if that advertising links to our Websites.
Please note that this policy does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or any third party; or
any third party for it or its other partners’ benefit, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may be linked to, or be accessible from, the Websites.
Please read this policy carefully in order to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is to not use our Websites or the Offerings. By accessing or using the Websites or the Offerings, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy.
This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy below). Your continued use of the Websites or the Offerings after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It We collect several types of information from and about users of our Websites, including information:
about your business, including by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number and any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”);
that is about you, individually, but does not identify you, such as demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Websites and usage details, which may include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring web site addresses.
We collect this information:
directly from you when you provide it to us;
automatically as you navigate through the Websites, which may include usage details and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies; and
from third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us on Our WebsitesThe information we collect on or through our Websites may include:
information that you provide by filling in forms on our Websites; [this includes information provided when you complete the Security Source order form ; we may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, or when you report a problem with our Websites;
records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us through those means; and
your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
If you do not want us to collect and use information, please do not provide it to us.
Information You Provide to Us Through Our OfferingsUsers may electronically submit data or information, including transaction processing purposes (“Customer Data”). Security Source will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such Customer Data except as provided in the Offering Terms and Conditions applicable to the respective Offering, or as may be required by law. In accordance with those Terms and Conditions, Security Source may access Customer Data only for the purpose of providing the Offerings, preventing or addressing service or technical problems, at your request in connection with support matters, or as may be required by law.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection TechnologiesAs you navigate through and interact with our Websites, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions usage information and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Websites, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Websites; and
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). Please contact us for information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on our Websites and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Websites and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Websites according to your individual interests;
Speed up your searches; and
Recognize you when you return to our Websites.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Websites;
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Websites may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Websites. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Information; and
Web Beacons. Pages of our Websites and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Security Source, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
In addition, our servers may automatically record information that your Internet browser sends whenever you visit our Websites. These server logs may include information such as your Web request; the Internet Protocol (IP) address you use to connect your computer to the Internet; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Websites, including date and time of your visit; browser type; and browser language.
We also use third party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. These third party companies employ cookies and web beacon (also referred to as retargeting pixels,1x1gifs, or action tags) technology to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients. Web beacons may be used to deliver the cookie and compile statistics about our Websites, such as how many people visited a particular page or clicked on certain links. Although your particular use of the Websites will not be revealed, and no personally identifying information is collected through cookies or web beacons, this anonymous information may be used for online preference marketing purposes and our third party advertising companies may use the information about your visit to our Websites in order to provide ads about goods and services that may be of interest to you. This information may include the date and time of the banner ad shown, related cookie, and the IP address. We may also share aggregated statistics about the use of our Websites with third parties.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking TechnologiesSome content or applications, including advertisements, on the Websites are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Websites. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.  For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
How We Use Your InformationWe use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Websites and its contents to you;
To provide you with information that you request from us;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To notify you about changes to our Websites or any products or services we offer or provide though it; and
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data or send us an e-mail stating your request to webmaster@securitysource.com.
Disclosure of Your Information We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to contractors, franchisors, franchisees, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Security Source’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Security Source about our Website users is among the assets transferred;
to third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it; and
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
We may also disclose your personal information:
to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; or
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Security Source, our customers or others; this may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your InformationWe strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Websites may then be inaccessible or not function properly or optimally.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to webmaster@securitysource.com.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your e-mail address or other contact information used by Security Source to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to webmaster@securitysource.com. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to Security Source as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
Targeted Advertising. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers’ target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to webmaster@securitysource.com. For this opt-out to function, you must have your browser set to accept browser cookies.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
Accessing and Correcting Your InformationYou may send us an e-mail at webmaster@securitysource.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Notice to California ResidentsIf you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Security Source or its subsidiaries to a third party for the third party’s direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to webmaster@securitysource.com.
Children Under the Age of 13Our Websites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Websites. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Websites, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at webmaster@securitysource.com.
Data SecurityWe have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Websites. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Websites.
Changes to Our Privacy PolicyIt is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the bottom of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Websites and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact InformationTo ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: webmaster@securitysource.com.
With Security Source, you get:
24/7 in-house call center for service dispatch, product ordering, and technical support.
Project management for roll-outs, installations, and projects of all sizes and scope.
Nationwide network of locksmiths and video surveillance technicians, all with installation, service, and emergency response capabilities.
Consultative system design and product recommendation.
In-house product, service, and industry expertise.
INDUSTRY LEADERS RELY ON SECURITY SOURCE