http://www.thamesandhudson.com/page/terms-conditions-sale
Useful Links
Shipping & Delivery
Returns & Cancellation
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Terms & Conditions of Use
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Thames & Hudson Ltd Defined Benefit Pension Scheme
Our Terms & Conditions of Sale
The sale of books and other products (goods) we are offering on this website are subject to these Terms & Conditions of Sale as well as Our Shipping & Delivery Terms, Our Returns & Cancellation Policy, Our Terms & Conditions of Use of this Website, Our Privacy Policy and Our Cookies Policy.
In order to purchase goods from this website you must be over 18 years of age and possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us. We retain the right to refuse any sale which do not meet these or any other of our terms and conditions of sale.
The goods we are offering for sale on this website are printed goods only. Where a book is also available in digital form, we specify on its page that it is also available as an eBook from iTunes and Amazon with an accompanying sales link. Sales of eBooks from such suppliers are subject to their own terms and conditions of sale.
These Terms & Conditions of Sale may be updated or amended by us at any time. All such changes will be effective when posted on this website and by placing an order for goods on this website you agree to be bound by the most current version.
1. REGISTRATION
1.1 In order to purchase goods from this website, you need to register your details with us. It is your responsibility to provide us with complete and accurate information, and to update us with any changes to your details in the My Account section of this website.
1.2 When registering for the first time you will provide us with a contact email address and password. You should keep your password safe and not disclose it to anyone. You should change it immediately if you feel it has been compromised.
1.3 Your registration does not in itself entitle you to purchase goods from us and we are not obliged to accept any or all orders that you place with us at our sole discretion.
1.4 All personal details you supply to us as part of our registration process are subject to Our Privacy Policy.
2. CONTRACT OF SALE
2.1 The contract of sale for goods offered on this website is between you and Thames & Hudson Limited. All sales orders will be processed and fulfilled by our distributor in the UK, Hachette UK Distribution, Hely Hutchinson Centre
(‘HHC’), Milton Road, Didcot, Oxfordshire OX11 7HH.
2.2 When you place an order and payment is received, you will receive an e-mail confirming receipt of your order. This email also brings into existence a legally binding contract between us on these Terms & Conditions of Sale subject to the availability of goods as set out in clause 4 below.
2.3 We must receive payment for the goods for your order to be accepted and dispatched. The dispatch note sent out by HHC with orders refers to their own terms and conditions of sale, but these do not apply to the contract of sale between you and Thames & Hudson.
2.4 We are entitled to cancel any contract of sale in the case of obvious errors or inaccuracies regarding the goods appearing on our website. If an error or inaccuracy is discovered with regards to the advertised price of the goods that you have ordered, we will contact you as soon as possible by email.
3. PRICES
3.1 All prices for goods offered for sale on this website are in pounds sterling and include VAT, where applicable, but do not include delivery charges. Details of our delivery charges can be found in Our Shipping & Delivery Terms and will be itemized separately at the point of payment.
3.2 All prices advertised on this website are subject to change at our sole discretion. The price of the goods you order is the applicable price at the time your order is placed.
3.4 From time to time we may make special offers available to you. These are available for the limited periods specified in the offer only.
4. AVAILABILITY
4.1 The sale of all goods is subject to availability. In the event that after check-out, but before the goods have been dispatched, the goods you have ordered are no longer available, we will advise you by email and give you the option to cancel your order or such part relating to the unavailable goods.
4.2 If it is not possible to fulfil all or part of your order, we will reimburse the corresponding sum debited from your payment card. The refund will be made as soon as possible and, in any event, no later than 14 calendar days of the date of your order. Where these goods form part of a larger order, we will process and dispatch the available goods to you in the normal manner in accordance with these Terms & Conditions of Sale and the refund will be in respect of only the goods we are unable to deliver.
4.3 Where you elect to accept later delivery of the balance of your order, we will not levy separate delivery charges when we effect delivery.
4.4 We do not accept liability for our failure to deliver goods to you due to any cause or event beyond our reasonable control.
5. PAYMENT
5.1 Payment must be made by credit or debit card. We accept payment by Visa, MasterCard, Switch, Maestro, American Express and Delta only. By making payment you confirm that the payment card is registered in your name.
5.2 Upon receipt of your payment details we carry out a standard authorization check on your payment card to ensure there are sufficient funds to fulfil the transaction. Your card will be debited upon authorization being received.
5.3 On some occasions we are required by the card issuer to perform additional security checks on the payment card. If such checks are not confirmed, your order may be refused or delayed. Even if security checks are confirmed, we accept no liability for fraudulent or unauthorized transactions.
5.4 Payment is taken at the point of purchase of the goods. Once payment has been received we will confirm your order by sending you an email at the email address you provided when registering.
5.5 All prices and delivery charges are in pounds sterling. Your payment card company will perform any currency conversion if necessary.
6. DELIVERY
Please refer to our Our Shipping & Delivery Terms.
7. RETURNS
Please refer to our Our Returns & Cancellation Policy.
8. CANCELLATION
Please refer to Our Returns & Cancellation Policy.
9. GOODS DAMAGED IN TRANSIT
Please refer to our Our Returns & Cancellation Policy.
10. DEFECTIVE GOODS
Please refer to our Our Returns & Cancellation Policy.
11. SECURITY
11.1. While we use appropriate encrypted security software on this website, the security of any payments transmitted and processed via the Internet cannot be guaranteed.
11.2 We do not accept liability for any losses you may incur or sustain as a result of transmitting information by means of e-mail or any other internet link.
12. CUSTOMER SERVICES
12.1. Post-Sales Support: to review the goods you have ordered or to check on the status of any outstanding deliveries go to the My Account section and click on the ‘View details’ link of the order you are interested in. If, having reviewed the details of your order, you need to contact us please email at contact-us@thameshudson.co.uk
12.2. Pre-Sales Support: if you have not placed an order and have an enquiry please email us at contact-us@thameshudson.co.uk
Our Terms & Conditions of Sale were last updated on 1 March 2018.