http://www.sva.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Please contact us if you have questions.
(888) 574-4782
M-F 8-5 CT
Contact Us
At SVA, your privacy is important to us. We respect your right to keep your personal information confidential and understand your desire to avoid unwanted solicitations. The law requires us (along with banks, brokerage houses, and other financial institutions) to disclose our privacy policy to you, which we are more than happy to do. We hope that by taking a few moments to read our policy, you will have a better understanding of how we keep the information you provide us private and secure.
Types of Information We Collect
We collect certain personal information about you, but only when that information is provided by you or is obtained by us with your authorization.
Parties to Whom We Disclose Information
As a general rule, we do not disclose personal information about our clients or former clients to anyone. However, to the extent permitted by law, certain nonpublic information about you may be disclosed in the following situations:
To comply with a validly issued and enforceable subpoena or summons.
In the course of a review of our firm’s practices under the authorization of a state or national licensing board, or as necessary to properly respond to an inquiry or complaint from such a licensing board.
In conjunction with a prospective purchase, sale, or merger of all or part of our practice, provided that we take appropriate precautions so the prospective purchaser or merger partner does not disclose information obtained in the course of the review.
As a part of any actual or threatened legal proceedings or alternative dispute resolution proceedings either initiated by or against us, provided we disclose only the information necessary to file, pursue, or defend against the lawsuit and take reasonable precautions to ensure that the information disclosed does not become a matter of public record.
To provide information to affiliates of the firm and nonaffiliated third parties who perform services or functions for us in conjunction with our services to you, but only if we have a contractual agreement with the other party prohibiting the use of the information other than for the purposes for which it was disclosed. (Examples of such disclosures include using an outside service bureau to process tax returns or engaging a records-retention agency to store prior-year records.)
Confidentiality and Security of Nonpublic Personal Information
Except as otherwise described in this notice, we restrict access to your nonpublic personal information to employees of our firm and other parties who must use that information to provide services to you. Their right to further disclose and use the information is limited by the policies of our firm, applicable law, our code of professional conduct, and nondisclosure agreements where appropriate. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to guard your information from unauthorized access, alteration, or premature destruction.
Thank you for allowing us to serve you. We value your business and are committed to protecting your privacy. We hope you view our firm as your most trusted adviser, and we will work to continue earning your trust. Please call us if you have any questions or if we can be of further assistance.
Please Confirm
Are You Visiting From the US?
YES
NO