http://www.phmediagroup.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
Portfolio
Contact
Careers
CSR
Blog
Client Login
PHMG Privacy Policy
At PHMG, we believe privacy is important. This policy applies to all the products, services and websites managed by Please Hold (UK) Ltd (T/A PHMG) and its subsidiary companies. In line with GDPR compliance, the information PHMG provide to people about how we process personal data is:
concise, transparent, intelligible and easily accessible;
written in clear and plain language, particularly if addressed to a child; and
free of charge
What Data is being collected?
PHMG will be what’s known as the ‘Controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. We only collect basic personal data about you which does not include any special types of information. This is specifically and restricted to; name, position, phone number, IP address, email address and business address.
Any personal information collected by PHMG that you volunteer while using the service will be processed fairly. Your identity will not be disclosed to third parties outside PHMG.
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources such as public records, public bodies or private organisations. We do not collect personal data from children but do take specific steps to protect the privacy of children who disclose personal data to us. Any data gathered or used will only be processed for the purposes of which it was collected and in accordance with this policy.
Who is collecting the data?
The controller and processor, Market Location and PHMG collect the data.
How the data is collected?
We gather email addresses, names, position, phone numbers and addresses from trusted supplier Market Location, online sources such as LinkedIn (and also via Lusha) and Google, or by telephone. All calls are recorded for either training purposes or to provide a service. PHMG intend to send marketing emails on the legal grounds of Legitimate Interest of which a Legitimate Interest Assessment has been completed. Data can also be collected by a web form with opt-in consent provided to PHMG to be contacted by telephone and/or email.
How long do we retain your data?
We will keep your basic personal data (email addresses, names, position, phone numbers and addresses) in line with our Data Retention Policy. We will keep your information that we hold for marketing purposes until you inform us that you no longer wish to receive marketing information from us. PHMG will oblige to present the personal data we hold, and/or to suppress data should it be requested.
Why is the data collected?
We need to know your basic personal data in order to provide you with audio branding services. We will not collect any personal data from you we do not need in order to provide and oversee this service to you. PHMG will use the data to make phone calls and send marketing emails to individuals within businesses.
How is the data stored?
PHMG does not store data with external providers, so all our records are kept internally, and backed-up and stored within the UK. Our network is protected by Sophos Security and Fortinet Firewalls, which guards against intrusions and malicious attacks on all desktops and servers. We have the capabilities to move data to an encrypted location, which requires software to make the data readable. Our servers are stored within the EU and never leave this location. Data is never transferred outside of this area.
How the data will be used?
All the personal data we process is processed by our staff in the UK however for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance this information is located on servers within the European Union. No 3rd parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so.
We have a Data Breach policy in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data.
Who will the data be shared with?
We will never disclose the personal data you volunteer while using our services to any third party external to PHMG or our subsidiary companies, but may use the data for marketing, research and development. If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, we will offer you the opportunity to consent to this new purpose in accordance with this policy.
What are the effects of the collection of this data for the user?
Collecting basic personal data, limited to email addresses, names, position, phone numbers and addresses allows PHMG to be able to approach senior decision makers within organisations to provide services.
Is the intended collection likely to cause complaints?
Collecting of this data is unlikely to cause complaint – the data is processed under the legal grounds of legitimate interest and in doing so the needs of PHMG do not outweigh the rights of the individual.
How you can control the information we collect, use and share.
You have the choice about whether to disclose your personal information or other information about yourself. Regardless of your choices with respect to promotional communications and updates regarding content, PHMG may send you service announcements or other similar communications, while also offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
What are your rights?
If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect, you can request to see this information and have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter. Please direct all correspondence to gdpr@phmg.com. You can also write to us at the address below or phone us on 0161 877 2253.
Please note that this privacy policy may be subject to change. We will not reduce your rights under this policy without your prior consent. If you have any questions related to this policy, please feel free to contact us by phone, email or post.
Security measures
We have security policies to protect the personal data under our control from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to public institutions and authorities except when required by law or other regulation.
Our privacy policy covers Please Hold (UK) Ltd (T/A PHMG), direct mail, marketing emails, phone calls, SMS and its website.
PHMG
Registered in England & Wales. Company Number 03669221
Oakland House, Talbot Road, Old Trafford, Manchester, M16 0PQ
Website: www.phmg.com