http://www.darice.com/home/privacyinfo
Crafting creativity since 1954
Register
Log In
Darice Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Rights
This Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”) describes the information that Darice, Inc. (“Darice”) collects about you; how we use and protect this information; and the choices you can make about how we use this information.
Information Covered by This Statement
This Privacy Statement applies to information, including personal information, collected about you by Darice. Personal information is information that could reasonably allow you or your household to be identified. Some Darice sites may contain links to non-Darice sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of those sites. We recommend you review the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Information We Collect
We may collect information about you from a variety of sources, including information we collect from you directly; information we collect about you when you visit our sites, use our services, make purchases, or view our online advertisements; and information we collect about you from other sources. We collect personal information about our users over time and across different websites when you use this website or service. Third party service providers may also collect personal information this way.
Information we collect directly from you
We collect information directly or indirectly through your use of the website, register with our site, participate in our offers and programs, purchase products from our site or in stores, call Customer Care, or otherwise provide information directly to us. The following are examples of information we may collect directly from you:
Name, email address, postal address
Username and password
Phone number or mobile number
Payment information (such as a credit card) and transaction history
Future communication preferences
Information we collect when you visit our sites, use our services, or view our online advertisements
We use cookies and other technologies to collect information about you when you visit our sites, use our services, or view online advertisements. The following are examples of information we may collect with these technologies:
Your browser type and operating system
Web pages you view
Links you click
IP address
Site you visited before coming to our site
Darice emails you open and/or forward
Darice offers or links you connect to via emails
Products you have shown interest in or added to your Favorites
Requests for product in-stock notifications
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. When a user turns on DNT, the browser may send a signal or other message to web services requesting that they “do not track” the user. At this time, we do not change our practices in response to Do Not Track browser settings. For information about do not track, visit www.allaboutdnt.org.
How We Use This Information
To provide offers, products and services. We use the information we collect to provide the products and services you request, to tell you about other products and services offered by Darice, and to manage our sites and services.
The following are ways we may use the information we collect about you:
Send offers and information
Send product in-stock notifications
Develop new products and services
Enroll you in contests, programs, or offers you request
To provide you with other services
Create and manage your account
Process payment for purchases or other services
Protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions
Provide you with customized, unsolicited offers and information about Darice products and services
Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests
Analyze the use of our products, services and sites
Understand how you arrived at our site
Determine the effectiveness of our advertising
Enforce our Terms and Conditions and otherwise manage or protect our business
In the event of a sale of Darice, or one of our affiliates, we may transfer your information as part of the transaction
Your Choices & Access to Your Information
We give you choices about how we communicate with you.
Electronic and Mobile Communications. We only send you promotional email messages if you provide us with your contact information and opt in to receive the messages. You can stop receiving promotional email messages from Darice by following the instructions provided in any such message you receive.
Access. You can view, correct or update the personal contact information you provide us by navigating to “My Darice” and logging in with your username and password.
How to Opt-In and Opt-Out of Communications
Our Site provides you the opportunity to opt-in and to opt-out of receiving communications from Darice. To have your information removed from the Darice database, please contact us with your request online, by email or by phone as follows:
Online. Visit the “Contact Us” form on our website, and submit the completed form.
By email. Send an email to customer_service@Darice.com from your email address of record with a subject line of UNSUBSCRIBE.
Click “Unsubscribe.” Each email we send you contains an “UNSUBSCRIBE” link at the bottom of the email. Open your email, click “UNSUBSCRIBE”, and follow the instructions on the screen to change your communication preferences.
By phone. Call 1-866-4-DARICE and ask to be removed from future mailings.
PLEASE NOTE: If you choose to stop receiving promotional messages from us, we will honor your request. However, we will continue to send you service related communications with respect to transactions and we may need to keep the transaction information we have collected about you for record keeping, to the extent permitted by law.
Tracking Tools: Cookies, Web Beacons and other Technologies
We may use tracking tools to serve you with interest-based advertising and to better understand your behaviors and browsing activities. We permit third parties to gather information through our websites, including for behavioral advertising purposes. You can opt out of online behavioral advertising by going to www.aboutads.info/choices.
Cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on your computer when you visit a site that can be understood by the site that issued the cookie. We use cookies to monitor how our sites are used and to help personalize your online experience. For example, when you register on our sites, we may store a unique code in a cookie on your computer. The next time you come back to the site from that computer, our servers use the cookie to recognize you. We can then use the information you provided when you registered combined with your activities on our sites to provide you advertising and offers of interest. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. Your browser gives you the ability to delete or reject browser cookies. If you block cookies, certain features on our website may not work. We do not store any sensitive personal information about you in the cookie. If you block or delete cookies, not all of the tracking that we have described in this policy will stop.
Third-Party Advertising. We allow third parties, including business partners and ad networks, to display advertising on our sites. Some of these companies place a cookie on your computer to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. This enables them to understand where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisement and deliver ads that they believe are of interest to you. We do not control these companies' use of cookies.
Web Beacons. Web beacons are small bits of code embedded in web pages or in emails. We use web beacons to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count users who have visited a web page, and to understand usage patterns. We also include web beacons in e-mails to learn if messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Other Technologies. Examples of other technologies we may use to provide better service to you include:
Web Session Variables. Information that is passed from one web URL to another as you browse.
Information Sharing, Service Partners and Affiliates
Third-party service providers. We rely on third-party service providers to perform a variety of services on our behalf. In so doing, we may need to share your personal information with them. Please note that we provide our service providers with only the personal information they need to perform their services and we require that they protect this information and not use it for any other purpose.
For example, we may rely on a service provider to:
Fulfill your product and service requests and answer your questions
Host our sites and deliver our email and mobile messages
Contact contest winners, manage payments or take other actions on our behalf
Analyze data, sometimes combined with other sources, to send more targeted communications to you
Conduct research and analyze data to improve our products, services and sites.
In addition, we may also rely on a service provider to:
Combine personal information about you that Darice has collected with personal information about you that our business partner has collected so we can jointly send tailored promotional communications to you. In such instances, our business partner will not have direct access to any information we share about you with the service provider, and only the service provider will be allowed to use the combined set of information to send you joint communications that we hope will be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive these joint communications, you can always opt out by following the instructions provided in any such communication or by logging in to your account on Darice.com and changing your communication settings.
Perform other services that we request
We provide these companies with the personal information they need to provide these services on our behalf. We require these companies to protect this personal information and to not use the information for any other purpose.
Other situations. We may disclose your personal information
If Darice, a Darice entity, affiliate or business is sold or transferred to another company;
To protect and defend the rights and property of our customers, the public, or Darice (including enforcing our Terms and Conditions); and
When we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with law, regulatory requirements, or requests from public authorities.
Aggregated, deidentified and non-personal information. We may share aggregated information that cannot identify you for general business analysis. For example, we may disclose the number of visitors to Darice sites or services.
User Generated Content
Darice enable users to submit their own content for contests, blogs, videos, and other functions. Please remember that any such information you disclose becomes public information and is not covered by this Privacy Policy. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal, financial or other information in a submission. Darice cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Statement, the law, or your personal privacy and safety. Darice is not responsible for user generated content. User generated content remains the sole responsibility of the person who submitted it.
Information Security
We use technical, administrative, and procedural measures in an attempt to safeguard your personal and other information from unauthorized access or use. No such measure is ever 100% effective and we do not guarantee that your personal and other information will be secure from theft, loss, or unauthorized access or use, and we make no representation as to the reasonableness, efficacy, or appropriateness of the measures we use to safeguard such information. Users are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of their own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us by contacting us at 1-866-4-DARICE.
Please note that email may not be encrypted and cannot be considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers. Darice will never ask you to submit your credit card information via email.
Children's Online Privacy
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to participate in and monitor their online activity.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 online.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding your privacy, please contact Darice directly.
Contact Us by Mail:
Darice Inc.
Attn: Customer Service
21160 Drake Rd
Strongsville, OH 44149
Contact Us by Phone:
1-866-4-DARICE (1-866-432-7423)
Monday – Friday : 8:30 AM to 5 PM EST
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We will post changes to this Privacy Statement and update the effective date when this Privacy Statement is updated. The changes will take effect as soon as posted. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
State and Country Specific Information
CALIFORNIA
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as Senate Bill 27, if you are a California resident and Darice has an established business relationship with you, you have the right to request information from Darice, free of charge, regarding the manner in which Darice shares certain categories of your personal information with third parties (whether collected online or offline), for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. California law provides that you have the right to submit a request to Darice at its designated address and receive the following information: 1. The categories of information Darice disclosed to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; 2. The names and addresses of third parties that received such information; and 3. If the nature of a third party's business cannot be reasonably determined from the third party's name, examples of the products or services marketed, subject to certain exceptions. You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually.
For purposes of this paragraph, “Darice” means Darice stores and the site. “Third Party” means a business that is outside the Darice family, and affiliates of Darice Stores, Inc.
This same California law permits Darice to provide you, in response to your written request, with a cost-free means to choose not to have your information shared rather than providing the above described information. Darice designated email address for such requests is customer_service@Darice.com. You may also request this information by writing to: Customer Service, Darice Stores, Inc.,21160 Drake Rd, Strongsville, OH 44149. Additionally, you may request that Darice not share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing use by following the How to Opt-In and Opt-Out procedures outlined above.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT OF 2018 (CCPA)
You have the right to request, twice a year and free of charge, information that Darice collects, uses, discloses and sells by following the instructions under “How to Make a Request” below.
You may delete your personal information collected or maintained by Darice by following the instructions under “How to Make a Request” below. We cannot keep a record of individuals whose personal information we have deleted so you may be contacted again by us, should we come into possession of your personal information at a later date.
If you decide to delete your personal information, you may lose out on coupons and other targeted incentives that may save you money. In order to keep these incentives, Darice must have access to your Identifiers and Commercial Information listed below.
You can opt-in to these incentives by joining our loyalty program; however, if you request to have your personal information deleted via the methods listed below, you will no longer have access to these incentives.
If you exercise your rights under the CCPA, Darice will not discriminate against you.
How to Make a Request
To make such a request, please submit your request via this web form. You also may contact us via our customer care line at 1-866-4-DARICE. Once the webform is submitted you will receive an email to the email address you have mentioned in the webform that you have to confirm your submission. You will have seven days to take this action, once confirmed Darice will take action on your request for information or request for delete in 45 days. If more time is needed to respond, Darice will notify you. You may use an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
Darice has collected, will collect and has disclosed the personal information in the last 12 months described in the categories below:
Identifiers: A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)): A name, signature, address, telephone number, driver's license or state identification card number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law: Age (40 years or older), sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression) or veteran or military status
Commercial information: Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Internet or other similar network activity: Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement
VERMONT
Vermont law places additional limits on sharing information about Vermont residents. As long as a user remains a resident of Vermont, we will not share information we collect about Vermont residents to companies outside of Darice or to Darice affiliates, except:
To companies that perform marketing or other services on our behalf;
Contact information (like name and address), and transaction information (such as your payment history), with companies we have Joint Marketing Agreements with;
With the authorization or consent of the Vermont resident; or
As permitted or required by law.
Consumers With Disabilities
We are committed to world-class service for all of our guests. In compliance with the Americans With Disabilities Act As Amended and other state, local and provincial laws, we provide effective communication with our hearing-impaired customers and assistance for customers with any special need. Please let us know how we can accommodate you!
An error occurred during submission. Please try again.
Ok
×
Sign Up
for Darice Emails
Sign Up for Darice Emails
Sign Up for Darice Emails
Get exclusives on craft trends, promotions, newly added Darice products and much more!
Thank you for subscribing. Don’t forget to check your email for an exclusive discount off your next purchase.
SALE
NEW
{{product_name}}
Did You Mean:
{{word}}
Product Types
{{product_type_displayname}}
Categories
{{category_name_displayname}}
Brands
{{brand}}
21
XS
SM
MD
LG
XL