https://www.lindseyteak.com/cookies-privacy
Designer & Manufacturer of Teak Garden & Contemporary All-Weather Rattan Contract Furniture +44 (0) 208 655 6241
FAQ
About Us
Company Profile
Contact Us
Coronavirus Information
Home
Benches
All Benches
Granite Benches
Backless Benches
Banana Benches
Companion Benches
Corner Benches
Curved Benches
Memorial Benches
Picnic Benches
Tree Seats
Tables
All Tables
Coffee/Occasional Tables
Dining Tables
Drop Leaf Tables
Extending Tables
Fixed Tables
Folding Tables
Chairs
All Chairs
Armchairs
Folding Chairs
Dining Chairs
Plantation Chairs
Rocking Chairs
Stacking Chairs
Reclining Chairs
Adirondack Chairs
Dining Sets
All Dining Sets
Extending Dining Sets
Fixed Dining Sets
Folding Dining Sets
Sun Loungers
All Sun Loungers
Day Beds
Padded Sun Loungers
Parasols
All parasols
Hexagonal Parasols
Octagonal Parasols
Rectangular Parasols
Square Parasols
Parasol Bases
Rattan
All Rattan
Rattan Chairs
Rattan Sun Loungers
Rattan Tables
Indoor
All Indoor
Indoor Benches
Indoor Chairs
Indoor Tables
Indoor Dining Sets
Indoor Loungers
Indoor Sofa
Indoor Daybeds
Cushions
Accessories
All Accessories
Garden Accessories
Garden Planters
Teak Care Products
Ornaments
Register | Sign In
Search for:
My Quote List 0
Cookies & Privacy
Cookies & PrivacyJenni2019-04-26T11:58:11+00:00
This Policy applies as between you, the User of this Website and Jati Ltd the owner and provider of this Teak Website.  This Policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us in relation to your use of the Website.
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Data”:  means collectively all information that you submit to the Jati Ltd via the Website.  This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the Data Protection Act 1998;
“Cookie”:  means a small text file placed on your computer by this Website when you visit certain parts of the Website and/or when you use certain features of the Website.  Details of the cookies used by this Website are set out in Clause 12;
“Jati Ltd”:  means Jati Ltd Trading as Lindsey Teak of Unit 8, Gateway Business Park, Station Approach Road, Coulsdon, Surrey CR5 2NS United Kingdom;
“UK and EU Cookie Law”:  means the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011;
“User”:  means any third party that accesses the Website and is not employed by Jati Ltd and acting in the course of their employment;
“Website”: means the website that you are currently using (http://www.teak.com) and any sub-domains of this site (e.g. subdomain. http://www.teak.com/http://www.teak.com/product-category/benches/) unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
Scope of this Policy
This Policy applies only to the actions of Jati Ltd and Users with respect to this Website.  It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites.
Data Collected
Without limitation, any of the following Data may be collected by this Website from time to time:
3.1            [name;]
3.1            [contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;]
3.2           [demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests;]
3.3           [IP address (automatically collected);]
3.4           [web browser type and version (automatically collected);]
3.5           [operating system (automatically collected);]
3.6           [a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on this Website, and the site you exit to (automatically collected); and]
3.7           [device type and version (automatically collected);]
Our Use of Data
4.1           Any personal Data you submit will be retained by Jati Ltd.
4.2           Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to Clause 5, your Data will not be disclosed to third parties.  This [includes] OR [does not include] our affiliates and / or other companies within our group.
4.3           All personal Data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998.  Fore more details on security see Clause 11 below.
4.4           Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Website.  Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
4.4.1       [internal record keeping;]
4.4.2      [improvement of our products / services;]
4.4.3      [transmission by email of promotional materials that may be of interest to you;]
4.4.4      [contact for market research purposes which may be done using email, telephone, fax or mail.  Such information may be used to customise or update the Website.]
Third Party Websites and Services
5.1       Jati Ltd may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to, payment processing, delivery of purchased items, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing.  The providers of such services [do not] have access to certain personal Data provided by Users of this Website.
5.2       [Any Data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that Jati Ltd requests.  Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited.  Furthermore, any Data that is processed by third parties shall be processed within the terms of this Policy and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.]
Links to other Websites
This Website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites.  Jati Ltd has no control over such websites and is in no way responsible for the content thereof.  This Policy does not extend to your use of such websites.  Users are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Changes of Business Ownership and Control
7.1           Jati Ltd may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Jati Ltd.  Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to us.
7.2           In the event that any Data submitted by Users is to be transferred in such a manner, you will [not] be contacted in advance and informed of the changes.  [When contacted you will [not] be given the choice to have your Data deleted or withheld from the new owner or controller.]
Controlling Use of your Data
8.1           Wherever you are required to submit Data, you will be given options to restrict our use of that Data.  This may include the following:
8.1.1      use of Data for direct marketing purposes; and
8.1.2      sharing Data with third parties.
Your Right to Withhold Information
9.1           You may access [certain areas of] the Website without providing any Data at all.  [However, to use all features and functions available on the Website you may be required to submit certain Data.]
9.2           You may restrict your internet browser’s use of Cookies.  For more information see Clause 12.
Accessing your own Data
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal Data held by Jati Ltd (where such data is held) on payment of a small fee which will not exceed £5.00.
Security
11.1           Data security is of great importance to Jati Ltd and to protect your Data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Data collected via this Website.
11.2           Specifically we use the following systems:
11.2.1        SagePay
Cookies
12.1           This Website may place and access certain Cookies on your computer.  Teak uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the Website and to improve our range of [products] AND/OR [services].  Teak has carefully chosen these Cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
12.2           All Cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current UK and EU Cookie Law.
12.3           Before the Website places [any] Cookies on your computer[, subject to sub-Clause 12.4] AND/OR [sub-Clause 12.7], you will be presented with message bar requesting your consent to set those Cookies.  By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Teak to provide the best possible experience and service to you.  You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of the Website may not function fully or as intended.
12.4           [Certain features of the Website depend upon Cookies to function.  UK and EU Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”.  These Cookies are shown below.  Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies.  You may still block these cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below.]
12.5           This Website places the following Cookies:
Name of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly Necessary
__cfduid
The __cfduid cookie is used to override any security restrictions based on the IP address the visitor is coming from.
yes
PHPSESSID
The PHPSESSID cookie is native to PHP and enables websites to store serialised state data. On the Action website it is used to establish a user session and to pass state data via a temporary cookie, which is commonly referred to as a session cookie. As the PHPSESSID cookie has no timed expiry, it disappears when the client is closed.
yes
__atuvc
This cookie is associated with the AddThis social sharing widget which is commonly embedded in websites to enable visitors to share content with a range of networking and sharing platforms. It stores an updated page share count.
yes
cookie_ue
Advises browser that user has accepted that cookies are placed on their PC
no
tabCookie0
This cookie remembers your preferences for list or grid view,
no
12.6           This Website uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics.  Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling us to better understand how Users use the Website.  This, in turn, enables us to improve the Website and the [products] AND/OR [services] offered through it.  You do not have to allow us to use these Cookies, as detailed below, however whilst our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of the Website it does enable us to continually improve our business.
12.7           The analytics services used by this Website use Cookies to gather the required information.  [Certain of these Cookies may be placed immediately when you decide to visit the Website and it may not be possible to obtain your prior consent.  You may remove these Cookies and prevent future use of them by following the steps set out below.]
12.8           The analytics services used by this Website use the following Cookies:
Name of Cookie
First / Third Party
Provider
Purpose
__utma
Third
Google analytics
This cookie is what’s called a “persistent” cookie, as in, it never expires (technically, it does expire…in the year 2038…but for the sake of explanation, let’s pretend that it never expires, ever). This cookie keeps track of the number of times a visitor has been to the site pertaining to the cookie, when their first visit was, and when their last visit occurred. Google Analytics uses the information from this cookie to calculate things like Days and Visits to purchase.
__utmb & __utmc
Third
Google analytics
The B and C cookies are brothers, working together to calculate how long a visit takes. __utmb takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor enters a site, while __utmc takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor leaves a site. __utmb expires at the end of the session. __utmc waits 30 minutes, and then it expires. You see, __utmc has no way of knowing when a user closes their browser or leaves a website, so it waits 30 minutes for another pageview to happen, and if it doesn’t, it expires.
__utmz
Third
Google analytics
Mr. __utmz keeps track of where the visitor came from, what search engine you used, what link you clicked on, what keyword you used, and where they were in the world when you accessed a website. It expires in 15,768,000 seconds – or, in 6 months. This cookie is how Google Analytics knows to whom and to what source / medium / keyword to assign the credit for a Goal Conversion or an Ecommerce Transaction. __utmz also lets you edit its length with a simple customization to the Google Analytics Tracking code.
12.9           You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser.  Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third party cookies.  By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed.  For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser.
12.10           You can choose to delete Cookies at any time however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings.
12.11           It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
Changes to this Policy
Jati Ltd reserves the right to change this Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law.  Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the Policy on your first use of the Website following the alterations.
Request a copy of the Lindsey Teak Catalogue