http://www.pacificstock.com/privacy-policy
LOGIN
REGISTER
HELP
+1-780-447-5433
CONTACT US
GALLERIES
CART
+1-780-447-5433
LOGIN
REGISTER
HELP
CONTACT US
GALLERIES
CART
SEARCH
PRIVACY POLICY
FORM PRIVACY POLICY
Design Pics Inc., DBA Pacific Stock, (“Company”, “we”, or “us”) is committed to respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how the Company collects, uses, and retains personal information to enable us to do business with you and improve our services. “Personal Information” includes any information that relates to, identifies, or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains.
The terms of this policy apply to all of the Company’s websites, including https://www.pacificstock.com (collectively the “Site”), unless different terms are otherwise specified or provided to you.
By using this Site, you understand and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Site is operated in Canada and may be accessed abroad. For data protection purposes, Company is the controller and, unless otherwise noted, is also the processor of data. Personal Information collected may be retained, and may be stored, processed, accessed, and used in jurisdictions whose privacy laws may be different and less protective than those of your home jurisdiction.
We do not sell, rent, or share your Personal Information to or with third parties in any way other than what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND PRIVACY PREFERENCES
Upon request, the Company will provide you with information about whether we hold or process, on behalf of a third party, any of your Personal Information. To request this information please contact us at privacy@pacificstock.com.
You have the right to access and correct or revise your Personal Information and privacy preferences at any time by visiting the “Profile” section under “My Account” of the Site and/or by contacting us at privacy@pacificstock.com. We will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND RETAIN FROM CUSTOMERS
When you visit this Site, some Personal Information may be automatically collected as part of the Site's operation. This information may include your IP (Internet Protocol), your browser type, access times, the website that referred you to us, and navigational information such as the pages you view on the Site. We collect information about your use of the Site and our other customers in the aggregate to learn more about how our Site is used by our customers to improve our service and our Site.
When you register online with us, we collect the Personal Information you provide to us, including your name, address, job title, company name, company type, industry, department (if applicable), phone number(s), email address, password, and how you heard about us. You may choose not to provide this information by not registering with us, however certain products and services on the Site are only available to you upon registration. Registration may enable you, with permission from Company, to access higher resolution content and to enter into a license to use content for comp purposes.
If you use our mobile apps, we collect information on the type of device you use and its operating system version. We do not ask for, access, or track any location-based information from your mobile device at any time.
If a password is used to protect your account and Personal Information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND RETAIN FROM CONTRIBUTORS
In addition to the Personal Information collected from general users of the Site, if you contribute content to us for licensing you may be asked to provide your Personal Information such as your name, phone number, primary address, and email address.
In order to pay and report sales to you, you will be asked to provide certain Personal Information such as payment information, payment method, payment emails, banking details for direct deposit, tax information, or other Personal Information to effectively manage the business relationship.
Some of this information is mandatory and if you choose not to disclose, we may not be able to engage in any activity with you.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you license content from us, we collect your username, password, full name, telephone number, email address, postal address, company name, company title, company department, and other Personal Information to process your orders and complete the license transaction for license transaction history record keeping purposes, or to receive products or services. Your email address is used to confirm the licensing transaction. Payments made online utilize PayPal and no complete card information is retained by the Company, other than potentially the last 4 digits of the card for various reference purposes in accordance with PCI security standards. If payments are made using credit cards by phone, credit card information is destroyed immediately after successfully negotiating the transaction through PayPal.
We may contact you using your email or other Personal Information to respond to customer requests and inform you of special offers and/or services.
We may ask you questions relating to your user preferences in order to better serve you and improve the use of our Site. Providing information regarding your usage and preferences is always voluntary.
We may contact you to administer promotions or sweepstakes you enter and notify you of the results.
We collect Personal Information regarding your orders, your use of the Site, and other account information as part of your sales history with us.
We may disclose to carefully chosen third parties navigational and transactional information in the form of anonymous, aggregate usage statistics and demographics, but only in forms that do not reveal your identity or other confidential information.
We may contact you to investigate or take any action regarding illegal activity or any violations of our terms of service.
We may disclose Personal Information if required by law (for example, to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or legal process) or when necessary to protect our rights, avoid litigation, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, and/or respond to a government request. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
DATA RETENTION
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active, your information is needed to provide you services, or as required to fulfill our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you wish to delete your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at privacy@pacificstock.com. We will respond to your request within 30 days. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purposes of Company accounting and support for auditing activities, certain transaction records and Personal Information will be retained for as long as the Company deems necessary for taxation purposes and otherwise, and such retention of limited Personal Information shall be at the Company’s sole discretion.
If you are a contributor and have submitted model releases with any content, we will retain the releases to comply with our legal obligations, dispute resolutions, licensing transactions, or to enforce our contractual obligations. We will not publicly disclose any Personal Information regarding any model, other than with industry partners and/or clients who require proof that such releases exist.
ABOUT COOKIES
When you visit the Company’s Site, a text file called a cookie is placed in the browser directory of your computer's hard drive. A cookie is information that a website can store on your web browser and later retrieve. The information that cookies collect includes the date and time of your visit, and certain data (including some user preferences) to improve your user experience.
You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other website. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information. However, certain areas of our Site might only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content. The Site will not honor “Do Not Track” requests sent by your browser.
DIRECT MARKETING
If at any time you decide that you do not want to receive marketing emails from us, you will have the option of opting out and/or unsubscribing from our emails and mailing lists as follows: (1) adjusting your "Preferences" under “My Account” by checking or unchecking the appropriate box on your online "Preferences" page of the Site;
(2) Clicking the “Unsubscribe” option at the bottom of the email; or (3) sending an email to support@pacificstock.com. If you choose to not receive marketing emails, you will continue to receive transactional or account emails (e.g. purchase confirmations and account balance statements, etc.).
FORUMS & OTHER INTERACTIVE SERVICES
Our websites may include discussion forums or other interactive areas or services, including blogs, chat rooms, bulletin boards, message boards, online hosting or storage services, or other areas or services in which you or third parties create, post or store any content, messages, comments, materials or other items on the sites ("Interactive Areas"). If you use an Interactive Area, you should be aware that these areas are open to the public and any personal information you post or provide at registration may be viewable by others. We are not responsible for personal information you submit in connection with the Interactive Areas, nor are we responsible for how others might use that information, including sending you unsolicited messages. Interactive Area postings may be retained indefinitely. If at any time you would like to remove a posting, please email us at privacy@pacificstock.com. Keep in mind that removal of a posting from an Interactive Area does not mean that the posting will be deleted from our systems.
SECURITY OF OUR DATA
Whenever you submit an order to the Company, you can do so over a secure (i.e. encrypted) connection. This ensures that your personal information is not at risk. Additionally, all online card payments are processed through PayPal using encrypted systems and no complete card payment information is retained by the Company, other than potentially the last 4 digits of the card for various reference purposes in accordance with PCI security standards. As no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, while the Company uses commercially reasonable methods to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee that it is absolutely secure. In the unlikely event that an unauthorized third-party compromises the Company’s security measures, the Company will not be responsible for any damages directly or indirectly caused by an unauthorized third party’s ability to view, use, or disseminate your information. If payments are made using credit cards by phone, credit card information is destroyed immediately after successfully negotiating the transaction through PayPal.
REVIEWING, UPDATING, OR CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
If at any point you wish to access your personal information to (1) change your preferences, (2) review the accuracy, or (3) correct, supplement or modify your information, you may make a written request to support@pacificstock.com.
CHANGES IN PRIVACY POLICY
Company reserves the right to amend the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion and we may provide notice by email or on the home page of the Site when we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, prior to the change becoming effective. It is the Site user’s responsibility to check the Privacy Policy posted on the Site from time to time and revisions to the Privacy Policy will include the date on which the latest revised Privacy Policy was posted.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Our Site includes links to other sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of the Company. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. Please review the privacy policy of any website you visit.
SOCIAL MEDIA
On some pages, we allow you to share Personal Information with third parties, such as social networks like Facebook. In these instances, you are agreeing to the data being shared and the shared data is subject to the privacy policies of the third parties. We do not control and do not assume any responsibility for the use of personal information by such third parties. For more information about the third party's purpose and scope of their use of personal information in connection with sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of such third parties.
CHILDREN
We do not intend to solicit or collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, do not enter information on this site or engage our services. If you believe a child of yours under the age of 18 has entered Personal Information, please contact privacy@pacificstock.com to have the data removed and the child's account terminated.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area, have certain statutory rights in relation to their Personal Information. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, if you live in this area you have the right to request access to your Personal Information, as well as to update, delete, or correct this Information.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@pacificstock.com.
You can also contact the Company by emailing support@pacificstock.com, phoning 1-780-447-5433, or via the Company Mailing Address at #101, 10464 – 176 St., Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, T5S 1L3.
About Us
Who We Are
Careers
Contact Us
Categories
Customer Service
Licensing Models
Use Agreements
Credit Bundles
My Account
Summary
Profile
Preferences
Invoices
My Images
Favorites
Contributors
Become A Contributor
Submission FAQ
Sign Up For Exclusive Deals
SUBMIT
Follow Us
Terms and Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
All rights reserved. © Copyright Pacific Stock (pacificstock.com) a division of Design Pics Inc. By continuing to use this site or by downloading any image you agree to our terms of use.