http://www.customultrasonics.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Custom Ultrasonics, Inc  will utilize the below website privacy policy relative to use and protection of sensitive website user information  provided to Custom Ultrasonics, Inc when users access and navigate the company website (www.customultrasonics.com) .Through this privacy policy, Custom Ultrasonics Inc. is committed to ensuring that  the website user’s privacy and information is protected..
Custom Ultrasonics Inc. may occasionally update the website privacy policy   Please occasionally review the policy to confirm that all updates are satisfactory.  This policy is effective from 04/14/2019.
What we do with the information we gather
Custom Ultrasonics, Inc.  has access to personal information voluntarily provided to us by website users (e.g., name, address, etc.).  In addition, information may be gathered through applications or requests (credit history, payment history, financial assets, etc.), which are also voluntarily provided to Custom Ultrasonics, Inc.  Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. does not share this information with unauthorized parties.  The information gathered may be used to meet and exceed the needs of customers and improve the quality of new and existing products and services.   Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. collects information from website registration, purchase orders, newsletter subscriptions, acknowledgment forms, and responses to questionnaires
When ordering or registering on the Custom Ultrasonics, Inc.  website users enter the following: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number and credit card information in the event of a credit card order. Users may visit the Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. website anonymously (excluding the e-commerce part of the website).
Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. applies the same standards to website user confidentiality.  While Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. may general, analytical information such as occurrence and frequency – of website visits and the browser used, the company does not collect specific and personal user information through this method.  Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. also utilizes browser cookies, which do not store any personal and specific information about website users. User information voluntarily sent by email, facsimile, or online registration will be retained by Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. for optimum response and service.
The users may be notified of cookies being sent in every instance, or the user may disable this notification in their browser settings.  However, disablement of this setting may not allow proper function of certain services.  Orders may be placed via fax at (215) 364-7674 or via email at: shipping@customultrasonics.com.
At Custom Ultrasonics, Inc., practical security measures have been implemented to ensure that user information is protected.  Employees of Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. are obliged to respect the privacy of customers and visitors, as well as the confidentiality of their personal data. employee access to your information is restricted and is only provided to appropriate and authorized employees in applicable and necessary situations Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. strives to maintain the accuracy of user information, and strictly enforces procedures that prevent unauthorized access.
Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. requires user information to understand user needs and to provide optimum service, as well as the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
Personalization
User information assists in response to individual user needs.
Website Innovation
Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. continually strives to improve the company website based on user information and feedback
Customer Service Innovation
User information allows Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. to effectively support customers.
Continued Innovation
User information provided will allow Custom Ultrasonics, Inc., to provide updates and information related to specific orders, requests and service, as well as updates and information related to Custom Ultrasonics, Inc., company equipment, and company components.
Occasionally, Custom Ultrasonics, Inc.  may also use information to contact users for market research purposes by email, phone, fax or mail.
Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. will never sell user information
Security  Custom Ultrasonics, Inc., is committed to ensuring that user information is protected.  To prevent unauthorized access, –Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. has implemented suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information collected online.
Links to other websites The Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. website contains links to enable easy visitation of related websites.  It should be noted that use of these links and visitation to other sites cedes control of information.  Therefore, Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information provided whilst visiting such sites. Such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.  The user should exercise caution and review the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling personal informationCustom Ultrasonics, Inc.  is aware that privacy is an important and sensitive subject. Safeguarding privacy has, and continues to be, of the highest priority, whether the information is gathered via email, over the telephone, through facsimile machines, or via the Custom Ultrasonics, Inc.  website.  Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. does not share personal information with unauthorized third parties and will continue this practice unless (1) the user requests, (2) a transaction initiated by the user must be completed (which may sometimes include disclosure to a credit card bureau), or (3)  Custom Ultrasonics, Inc.  is required or allowed by the law (such as to respond to a subpoena, or to investigate fraudulent activity). To further protect confidentiality any organizations to which Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. provides data will be required by Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. to have similar privacy safeguards.   These organizations will be contractually allowed to only use customer information for the intended service. This confidentiality is Custom Ultrasonics, Inc.’s standard practice.
Should Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. ever decide that it would be in the user’s interest to share personal information for any other purpose, the user will be informed in advance, and will be given the opportunity to decline.
The user may restrict the collection or use of personal information in the following ways:
If the user previously agreed to use of their personal information by Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. for direct marketing purposes, these permissions may be revised at any time by the user either in writing or via email to sales@customultrasonics.com.
Credit Card Payments
The user must be the owner of the credit card to order from the Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. website.
Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of personal information when an order is placed, or personal information is accessed.
Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. offers the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive or credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and encrypted into the company’s Payment gateway provider’s database. This is only accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and these individuals are required to keep the information confidential.
Refund Policy/Cancellation Policy
Customers must call during the same business day that an order is placed to cancel an order.
If the order has been fully processed, and if a return is initiated via a Return Materials Authorization (RMA), the restocking charge indicated on the order confirmation and/or the invoice will be applied the amount of the refund. The refund will be issued to the credit card on file. Restocking charges range from 20% to 50%, and some parts are non-returnable. To obtain a RMA and/or clarify the restocking charge on a particular item, please contact Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. at (215) 364-1477.
The credit card refund may take up to 2-3 business days, depending on bank processing time.
The user may request details of personal information held by Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be incurred upon request. If the user requests a copy of the information held by Custom Ultrasonics, Inc., the user may email this request to sales@customultrasonics.com. If the user believes that any information is incorrect or incomplete, the user is encouraged to email the above email address at their earliest convenience. Erroneous information will be promptly corrected.
Consent
By using the Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. website, the user provides consent to  the website’s privacy policy.
Changes to Privacy Policy
If the Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. privacy policy is revised, these revisions will be posted at this location.
Contact
Any questions regarding this privacy policy may be addressed by contacting Custom Ultrasonics, Inc. using the information below.
www.customultrasonics.com
Address: 144 Railroad Drive, Ivyland, PA 18974Phone: (215) 364-1477sales@customultrasonics.com
Custom Ultrasonics Inc. thanks customers and users for their continued support and cooperation.