https://www.gamecreekvideo.com/privacy-policy/
Follow Us
603.882.5222
Toggle navigation
Home
GCV Anywhere
About Us
Trucks
79
9 4
Apollo
Bravo
Celtic
Chesapeake
Columbia
Discovery
Dynasty
Encore
Freedom
Gemini
Glory
Gridiron
Justice
Larkspur
Legends
Liberty
Madison
Maverick
Nitro
Nitro B
Northstar
Patriot
PeacockOne
Pride
RiverHawk
Spirit
Victory
Webby
Yogi
Yogi B
Edit 1
Edit 2
Edit 3
Edit 4
B1
B2
B3
B4
B5
B6
Careers
Contact Us
What’s New
The safety of our employees, clients and vendors is paramount to our success. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic,Game Creek Video has devised a mobile unit protection plan in conjunction with EEOC, CDC and OSHA guidelines in order to maintain safe operations. Download the plan from the link below:
Game Creek Video's COVID-19 Mobile Unit Protection Plan
Game Creek Video, LLC Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Game Creek Video, LLC (“GCV”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.gamecreekvideo.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site.
Non-personal identification information
GCV may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever a User interacts with the Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to the Site, such as the operating system, the internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
The Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Some ways in which GCV may use collected information
GCV may collect and use Users’ information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps GCV respond to customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
GCV may use information in the aggregate to understand how Users as a group use the services and resources provided on the Site.
To improve the Site
GCV may use feedback Users provide to improve GCV’s products and services.
Sharing  identification information
GCV does not sell, trade, or rent Users identification information to others. GCV may share generic demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with the business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers of GCV for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on the Site that link to the sites and services of suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. GCV does not control the content or links that appear on these sites and is not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to the Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
GCV has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When GCV does update this Site, GCV will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. GCV encourages Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Game Creek Video, LLC
www.gamecreekvideo.com
23 Executive Drive Hudson, NH 03051
603.882.5222
info@gamecreekvideo.com
This document was last updated on January 17, 2014
Copyright 2020 Game Creek Video, LLC.
Phone: 603.882.5222 | Fax: 603.546.0713 | 23 Executive Drive | Hudson, NH 03051 | info@gamecreekvideo.com
Privacy Policy