http://www.bucherhydraulics.com/privacy
HomeDisclaimerGeneral TermsSitemap
Data ProtectionThis Privacy Policy describes the collection and further processing of personal data by Bucher Hydraulics GmbH and its affiliates (together or – as the case may be – individually Bucher Hydraulics) as far as they are not covered by other data protection policies or are evident from the circumstances or are provided for by applicable law. The term personal data shall include all information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.This Privacy Policy describes in Section I processing of personal data by Bucher Hydraulics in general. Section II contains specific provisions for specific applications.I. GENERAL PROVISIONS1. CONTROLLER, DATA PROTECTION OFFICEREvery website (including online-shops and mini sites for special offers), every presence on social media, multimedia portals, chatbots and every app of Bucher Hydraulics (each a WEBSITE) has a controller within Bucher Hydraulics with respect to collecting personal data according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (or comparable provisions according to applicable data protection laws). Unless provided otherwise on the WEBSITE (according to the imprint, the terms of use, etc.) or under Section II below, Bucher Hydraulics GmbH is the controller.
The respective affiliate is the controller in case it communicates through other means of communication than the WEBSITE (email, letter, telephone, in person, etc.) and the communication does not fall within an activity for which Bucher Hydraulics GmbH has appointed a specific controller within this Privacy Policy or otherwise.
Should a Bucher Hydraulics company or affiliate disclose personal data to another Bucher Hydraulics company or affiliate for certain purposes of the receiving company or affiliate, such company or affiliate is the controller according to article 4 (7) GDPR.
Bucher Hydraulics has appointed an external data protection officer according to article 37 GDPR:
KLW GmbH Parkweg 4 74360 Ilsfeld Germany Mr. Wolfgang Matzke +49 7062 915 91-0 datenschutz@klw.de
Furthermore, any inquiry, claim or concern regarding data protection at Bucher Hydraulics can be addressed to the following address: dataprivacy@bucherhydraulics.com.The representative of companies and affiliates of Bucher Hydraulics domiciled outside of the EU or EEA respectively (article 27 GDPR) is Bucher Hydraulics GmbH.2. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATABucher Hydraulics collects and processes personal data of
users of its WEBSITES registered with Bucher Hydraulics;
individuals and legal entities purchasing and receiving/benefitting from products and services of Bucher Hydraulics;
potential or actual parties interested in products and services of Bucher Hydraulics;
recipients of newsletters of Bucher Hydraulics;
participants in research campaigns and opinion surveys conducted by Bucher Hydraulics;
participants in courses, seminars and other training organized by Bucher Hydraulics; and
users of WIFI provided at Bucher Hydraulics stores and other locations.
(together CUSTOMERS).
The personal data of CUSTOMERS is generally collected directly during the course of using the WEBSITE, in stores or at events of Bucher Hydraulics or Bucher Hydraulics retailers respectively or in direct communication via email, telephone or otherwise. However, personal data can also be collected indirectly, in particular through further acquisition of supplementary information from third party data sources (e.g. social media, address brokers).In particular, the following categories of personal data is processed by Bucher Hydraulics:
Data related to individuals including but is not limited to first and last name, maiden name, address, residence, telephone number, email address, date of birth, gender, marital status, relatives, contact in case of emergency, pictures, etc.;
Data pertaining to orders and purchases including but is not limited to payment information, credit card details and other payment details, billing and shipping address, products and services ordered and purchased, information connected to queries, complaints and disagreements relating to products and services or respective contracts entered into such as warranty claims, rescissions and disputes, information regarding CUSTOMERS blacklisted by Bucher Hydraulics, etc.;
Data in connection with product and services marketing including but is not limited to information such as newsletter opt-ins and opt-outs, documents received, invitations to and participations at events and special activities, personal preferences and interests, etc.;
Data concerning the use of the WEBSITE including but is not limited to the IP address and other identification (e.g. user name of social media, MAC address of smartphones or computers, cookies), date and time of WEBSITE visits, visited sites and contents, referring websites, etc.
Data in connection with communication such as preferred means of communication, correspondence and communication with Bucher Hydraulics (including records of the communication), etc.;
Data which was collected in connection with a customer program such as number of membership, access codes (including passwords), preferred langue, number of gift certificate, date and duration of the membership, payment information of the customer or a potential third party, information concerning the recipient of a gift, number of visits of the WEBSITE, purchase history, products acquired, etc. (besides all WEBSITE accounts, activities and events for which a CUSTOMER must register with his personal data and thus enter into a contract with the respective companies of Bucher Hydraulics shall be deemed a customer program for the purposes of this policy);
(together CUSTOMER DATA).In addition, Bucher Hydraulics collects and processes the following personal data:
Data of users of the WEBSITE, who do not register with Bucher Hydraulics (VISITOR) but may constitute personal data for example with social media (VISITOR DATA), the provisions of this policy regarding data collected from a CUSTOMER in connection with the use of the WEBSITE shall apply accordingly even though the identification of a VISITOR usually is not possible for Bucher Hydraulics;
Information pertaining to employees and contacts of their dealers, suppliers and further business partners (hereinafter natural persons shall be referred to as PARTNERS their data as PARTNER DATA) such as in particular contact details, information regarding their function, information relating to the previous contact with these individuals, data regarding marketing activities (e.g. receipt of newsletters), information regarding business transactions, requests, offers, tenders, conditions and contracts, information related to professional or other interests of the individuals, etc.
Within the framework of their business relationship, CUSTOMERS will be required to provide CUSTOMER DATA necessary for the establishment and execution of the contractual relationship and the fulfilment of the associated contractual obligations or required by law. Without this data, Bucher Hydraulics will generally not be able to conclude or execute the contract with the respective CUSTOMER. This also applies analogously to PARTNERS and PARTNER DATA. As any access to the WEBSITE is logged, connection data (such as the IP address) will always be logged; this is done automatically during use and cannot be deactivated for individual VISITORS, PARTNERS or CUSTOMERS.3. PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING AND LEGAL BASISIn accordance with applicable law, Bucher Hydraulics may process CUSTOMER DATA in particular for, but not limited to, the following purposes:
In connection with services offered, conclusions of contracts (in particular purchases), executions of contracts (in particular purchase contracts and contracts regarding the participation at customer programs and events), maintenance and development of customer relations, communication, customer service and support, promotions, advertisement and marketing (including newsletters and mailing of promotional materials);
Management of the users of the WEBSITE and other activities in which CUSTOMERS participate, operation and enhancement of the WEBSITE (including the provision of functions which require identifiers or other personal data) and further IT systems, identity verifications;
protection of CUSTOMERS, employees and other individuals and protection of data, secrets and assets of and entrusted to Bucher Hydraulics, safety of systems and premises of Bucher Hydraulics;
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and internal rules of Bucher Hydraulics, enforcement and exploitation of legal rights and claims, defense against legal claims, litigation, complaints, combating abusive conduct, engaging in legal investigations and proceedings and responding to inquiries of public authorities;
sale or acquisitions of business divisions, companies or parts of companies and other corporate transactions and the transfer of CUSTOMER DATA associated therewith; and
for other purposes as far as a legal obligation requires processing and such processing was evident from the circumstances or indicated at the time of the collection.
(together the PURPOSE OF CUSTOMER DATA PROCESSING).Bucher Hydraulics uses the CUSTOMER DATA for the PURPOSE OF CUSTOMER DATA PROCESSING based on the following legal grounds:
performance of contracts;
compliance with legal obligations of Bucher Hydraulics;
consent of the CUSTOMERS (only insofar as the processing is based on a specific query and can be withdrawn at any time, in particular the receipt of newsletters for which the client has registered for); and/or
legitimate interests of Bucher Hydraulics, including but not limited to
purchase and shipment of products and services, also in connection with individuals who are not direct contractual partners (such as e.g. individuals receiving a gift);
carrying out advertisement and marketing activities;
efficient and effective customer support, maintenance of contact and other communication with CUSTOMERS outside of the processing of contracts;
understanding customer behavior, activities, concerns and needs, market studies;
efficient and effective improvement of existing products and services and development of new products and services;
efficient and effective protection of customers, employees and other individuals as well as protection of data, secrets and assets of or entrusted to Bucher Hydraulics, safety of systems and premises of Bucher Hydraulics;fficient and effective improvement of existing products and services and development of new products and services;
maintenance and secure, efficient and effective organization of business operations including a secure, efficient and effective operation and successful further development of the WEBSITE and other IT systems;
reasonable corporate governance and development;
successful sale and acquisition of business units, companies or parts of companies and other corporate transactions;
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and internal rules of Bucher Hydraulics;
concerns regarding the prevention of fraud, offences and crimes as well as investigation in connection with such offences and other improper conduct, handling of claims and actions against Bucher Hydraulics, cooperation in legal proceedings and with public authorities as well as the prosecution, exercise of and defense against legal actions.
In accordance with applicable data protection laws, Bucher Hydraulics may in particular process VISITOR DATA for the purpose of maintaining and developing the WEBSITE (including the provision of functions which require identifiers or other personal data), for statistical analysis regarding the use of the WEBSITE as well as for combating abusive conduct, for purposes of legal investigations or proceedings and for the response to inquiries of public authorities. The VISITOR DATA shall be processed in accordance with the principles set out for CUSTOMER DATA above.
In accordance with applicable data protection laws, Bucher Hydraulics may process PARTNER DATA in particular for the purpose of entering into and performance of contracts and other business relationships with PARTNERS, promotions, advertisement and marketing, communication, invitation to events and participation in promotions for PARTNERS, organization of joint activities, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and internal rules of Bucher Hydraulics, enforcement and exploitation of legal rights and claims, defense against legal claims, litigation, complaints, combating abusive conduct, engaging in legal investigations and proceedings and responding to inquiries of public authorities, for the sale or acquisition of business units, companies or parts of companies and other corporate transaction and related transfers of PARTNER DATA. The PARTNER DATA shall be processed in accordance with the principles set out for CUSTOMER DATA above.
All the purposes of processing shall be applicable for Bucher Hydraulics, i.e. not only for the company or affiliate of Bucher Hydraulics which initially collected the personal data. Personal data of CUSTOMERS, VISITORS and PARTNERS is collected for the purpose of all Bucher Hydraulics companies.4. DISCLOSURE OF DATA AND TRANSFER OF DATA ABROADIn accordance with applicable data protection laws, Bucher Hydraulics may disclose CUSTOMER DATA, VISITOR DATA and PARTNER DATA to the following categories of third parties who process PERSONAL DATA in accordance with the purposes set out above on behalf of Bucher Hydraulics or for their own purposes:
service providers (within Bucher Hydraulics as well as external), including processors;
dealers, suppliers and other business partners;
customers of Bucher Hydraulics;
local, national and foreign authorities;
media;
insurances;
the public including visitors of websites and social media of Bucher Hydraulics;
industry organizations, associations, organizations and other committees;
competitors;
acquirers or parties interested in acquiring business units, companies or other parts of Bucher Hydraulics;
other parties in potential or actual legal proceedings;
companies of Bucher Hydraulics
companies of the Bucher Industries Group
(together THIRD PARTIES).
Bucher Hydraulics may disclose CUSTOMER DATA, VISITOR DATA and PARTNER DATA within Bucher Hydraulics as well as to third parties and in every country worldwide, including in particular all countries in which Bucher Hydraulics is represented by companies, affiliates or other offices and representatives, as well as to countries in which service providers of Bucher Hydraulics process their data. If data is disclosed to countries that do not guarantee adequate protection, Bucher Hydraulics will ensure adequate protection of data disclosed by CUSTOMERS, VISITORS or PARTNERS by way of putting adequate contractual guarantees in place, in particular on the basis of EU model clauses, binding corporate rules or it bases the transfer on the exceptions of consent, conclusion or performance of contract, the determination, exercise or enforcement of legal claims, overriding public interests or it discloses the data in order to protect the integrity of these individuals. The CUSTOMER, VISITOR or PARTNER can obtain a copy of the contractual guarantees from or will be advised where to obtain such copies by the respective controller. Bucher Hydraulics reserves the right to redact such copies for reasons of data protection or secrecy reasons. 5. STORE OF DATAAs a rule, Bucher Hydraulics retains contract related CUSTOMER DATA, VISITOR DATA and PARTNER DATA as long as the contractual relation is ongoing or it has an interest in them (in particular an interest for reasons of proof in case of claims, documentation of compliance with certain legal or other requirements, operational reasons) or it is obligated to do so (by way of contract, law or other provisions). Deviating legal obligations are reserved in particular with respect to anonymization or pseudonymization.6. COOKIES, GOOGLE ANALYTICS AND SOCIAL PLUG-INSBucher Hydraulics uses cookies on its WEBSITE. Cookies are a widespread technique that allocates identification to the browser of the user of a WEBSITE which the user saves and shows upon request. On the one hand, Bucher Hydraulics uses session cookies which are automatically erased when the user closes the WEBSITE and which enable the server to establish a stable connection to the user (so that the content of a shopping basket is not lost, for example) as long as he browses on the website. On the other hand, permanent cookies which are only erased after a period defined per WEBSITE are used. Permanent cookies allow saving certain settings (e.g. language) for several sessions or allow for an automated log-in. The user consents to the application of permanent cookies by way of using the WEBSITE and the respective functions (e.g. langue settings and automated log-in). The user may block the application of cookies on his browser or delete cookies there which may, however, impair the use of the WEBSITE.
In accordance with applicable law, Bucher Hydraulics may install coding in newsletters and other marketing email which allow it to determine if the recipient has opened an email or downloaded pictures contained in the email. However, the recipient may block this application in his/her email application. In any case the recipient consents to the application of this technology by way of receiving newsletters on other marketing related emails.
Should Bucher Hydraulics place advertisement of third parties on the WEBSITE (e.g. banners) or intend to place an own ad on the website of a third party, cookies from companies specializing in the use of such advertisement may be employed. Bucher Hydraulics will not disclose personal data to such companies, i.e. they shall only place a permanent cookie with users of the WEBSITE in order to recognize users and do so in the sole interest of Bucher Hydraulics. This allows Bucher Hydraulics to place aimed advertisements for these individuals on external websites (e.g. in connection with products for which these individuals showed an interest in the online-shop). Bucher Hydraulics will not disclose personal data to the operators of external websites either.
Bucher Hydraulics may use Google Analytics or similar services on its WEBSITE. These applications are third party services which allow Bucher Hydraulics to measure and analyze the use of its WEBSITE. The provider of these services may be located in any country worldwide (in the case of Google Analytics which is operated by Google Inc. it is the U.S., www.google.com). The service provider uses permanent cookies for these applications. Bucher Hydraulics will not disclose any personal data to the service provider (who will also not save any IP addresses). The service provider may, however, monitor the use of the WEBSITE by the user and combine this data with data from other websites monitored by the same service provider which the user has visited and the servicer may use these findings for its own benefits (e.g. control of advertisement). The service provider knows the identity of the user who has registered with the service provider. In this case the processing of personal data will be the service provider's responsibility and data shall be processed according to the data protection policies of the service provider. The service provider will provide data on the use of the WEBSITE to Bucher Hydraulics.
In addition, Bucher Hydraulics may use plug-ins from social media networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, Google+, Pinterest or Instagram on its WEBSITE. In the default setting of the WEBSITE plug-ins are activated; the user can thus choose when to deactivate them. If he doesn’t, the social media providers are able to establish a direct connection to the user during his visit on the WEBSITE, which allows the provider to be aware of the user's visit and may analyze the respective information. The subsequent processing of the personal data will be conducted in the responsibility of the provider and according to his data protection policies. The provider of the respective social media offering will not disclose any information to Bucher Hydraulics.7. RIGHTS OF THE CUSTOMER, VISITORS AND PARTNERSAny affected individual subject to the GDPR, including any CUSTOMER, VISITOR and PARTNER, may request information from Bucher Hydraulics as to whether data concerning them is being processed. In addition, such affected individuals have the right to request the correction, destruction or restriction of personal data regarding them as well as to object to the processing of personal data. Should the processing of personal data be based on consent, such affected individuals may withdraw consent at any time. In certain cases, such affected individuals have the right to obtain data generated during the use of online services in a structured, common and machine-readable format which allows for further use and transfer. Request in this respect shall be submitted to the contact person (see para. 1). Affected individuals not subject to the GDPR may have similar rights under applicable data protection laws. Bucher Hydraulics reserves the right to restrict the rights of any affected individual in accordance with applicable law and e.g. not to disclose comprehensive information or not to delete data.
Should Bucher Hydraulics make an automated decision with respect to a certain individual which may have a legal effect for the affected individual or seriously affect her in a similar way, the affected individual shall have, in accordance with applicable law, the right to communicate with a controller of Bucher Hydraulics and to request a reconsideration of the decision or to request the prior evaluation by the controller. In this case the affected individual might no longer be able to use certain automated services. The individual will be informed thereof subsequently or separately in advance.
Any affected individual may also raise a complaint with the competent data protection authority of the respective country.8. CHANGES TO THE DATA PROTECTION POLICYBucher Hydraulics is entitled to amend this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice or announcement. The latest version according to the WEBSITE shall be applicable.
Should this Privacy Policy form part of an agreement with CUSTOMERS or PARTNERS, Bucher Hydraulics may inform them of an update or amendments by email or in another appropriate manner. The amendments shall be deemed to have been accepted unless an objection is raised within 30 calendar days of notification. In case of objection Bucher Hydraulics shall be free to terminate the agreement exceptionally and with immediate effect.II. SPECIFIC PROVISIONSThe following provisions shall supplement the general provisions set out in Section I above for certain activities of Bucher Hydraulics. In the event there is any inconsistency, the following provisions shall prevail the general provisions set out in Section I.1. NEWSLETTER AND BANNER ADVERTISEMENTBucher Hydraulics may send newsletters or other commercial communications in connection with its products and services to CUSTOMERS and PARTNERS. In accordance with applicable law Bucher Hydraulics reserves the right to do so without prior consent of existing customers and business partners. However, the respective customers and business partners may object to a further mailing of newsletters or other commercial communications at any time through their account on the respective WEBSITE or through the link indicated in every mailing. However, the termination of one newsletter may not entail the termination of other newsletters, as well.
The legal basis for the distribution of newsletters as a result of the sale of goods or services is Paragraph 7(3) of the Act Against Unfair Competition (UWG) as well as based on legitimate interests pursuant to Article 6(1)(f), GDPR.
The data is erased as soon as it is no longer required for achieving the purpose for which it was gathered, or newsletter has been unsubscribed.
It is possible that personalized advertisement is placed during the visit on the WEBSITE. Every banner advertisement displayed to the CUSTOMER contains products offered on the WEBSITE which have previously been looked at by the customer. The advertisement is generated by Bucher Hydraulics by the means of cookies (see Section I para. 6 above).2. COOKIESThis website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored permanently or temporarily on your computer when you visit this website. The purpose of cookies is in particular to analyse the use of this website for statistical evaluation and for continuous improvements. You can completely or partially deactivate cookies in your browser settings at any time. If cookies are deactivated, not all functions of this website may be available to you.3. GOOGLE ANALYTICSThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc, ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to allow the website operator to analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google will reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area beforehand. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website and Internet use. Our legitimate interest in data processing also lies in these purposes. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. For more information on terms of use and data protection, please visit this link or look here.Please note that the code "anonymizeIp" has been added to Google Analytics on this website to ensure anonymous collection of IP addresses (so-called IP masking).You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the Browser Add-on. To prevent Universal Analytics from collecting data across several devices, you must opt-out on all systems used. Opt-out cookies prevent the future collection of your data when you visit this website. If you click here, the opt-out cookie will be set:
Disable Google Analytics 4. CONVERSION TRACKING PIXELThis website uses Facebook's "Facebook Pixel" and the "LinkedIn Insight Tag" for statistical purposes. A cookie can help us understand how our marketing measures on Facebook and LinkedIn can be taken up and improved. In this way, the behaviour of users can be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider's website by clicking on an advertisement. This procedure serves to evaluate the effectiveness of advertisements for statistical and market research purposes and can help to optimise future advertising measures.The data collected is anonymous to us, so it does not give us any indication of the identity of the users. However, the data is stored and processed by Facebook and LinkedIn so that a connection to the respective user profile is possible and the providers can use the data for their own advertising purposes. You may enable or disallow Facebook and LinkedIn and their partners to serve ads on and off their networks.
See Facebook - privacy policy
See LinkedIn - privacy policy
You can prevent detection by visitor interaction pixels by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set to prevent future collection of your data when you visit this website:Disable Facebook pixel: Facebook Profile > Settings > Advertisment > Audience Network
Disable LinkedIn- Insight Tag5. USE OF SOCIAL PLUGINS (SHARE BUTTONS)Use of the Shariff solution
Our website uses social plugins ("plugins") of social networks. In order to increase the protection of your data during visits to our website, these plugins are not integrated into our website without limitation, but rather only by using a HTML link (the so-called "Shariff solution" by c‘t). This integration ensures that when accessing a web page of our website that contains such plugins, a connection to the servers of the respective social network provider will not yet be established. If you click one of the buttons, a new browser window opens and calls up the website of the respective service provider where you may use the "like" or "share" button (if applicable, after having entered your login data). The purpose and scope of data collection as well as further data processing and use by the providers on their websites as well as your rights in this regard and setting options relating to protecting your privacy can be found in the data protection notices of the respective providers at:
https://www.facebook.com/about/basics
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://twitter.com/privacy5.1 FacebookOur website uses social plugins ("plugins") of the social network Facebook operated by Facebook Inc., 1601S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). The plugins are marked with the Facebook logo or the additional note "Social plugin of Facebook" or "Facebook social plugin". An overview of the Facebook plugins and how they look can be found at: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins
Whenever accessing a web page of our website that contains such a plugin, your browser will establish a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The plugin's content will be directly transmitted to your browser by Facebook and integrated into the page. Through this integration, Facebook obtains the information that your browser has accessed the respective web page of our website, even if you do not have a Facebook profile, or if you are not logged into your Facebook account at that point in time. This information (including your IP address) will be directly transmitted to one of the Facebook servers in the US by your browser and stored there.
If you are logged into your Facebook account, Facebook is able to directly associate your visit to our website with your Facebook profile. Whenever you interact with a plugin, e.g., by clicking the "like" button or if you post a comment, this information will also be transmitted directly to one of the Facebook servers and stored. Additionally, this information will also be published in your Facebook profile and displayed to your Facebook friends. The purpose and scope of data collection and further processing and use of the data by Facebook, as well as your rights in this respect, and setting options for protecting your privacy can be found in the Facebook Privacy Policy: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
If you do not want Facebook to directly associate the data collected via our website with your Facebook profile, you must log off from Facebook prior to visiting our website. You also have the option to entirely prevent loading of the Facebook plugins by means of add-ons for your browser, e.g., for Mozilla Firefox:https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/facebook_blocker/
for Opera:https://addons.opera.com/de/extensions/details/adblock-for-facebooktm/
for Chrome:https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/block-facebook/gebclbfnlcebcljmgblacllmjkfidoef5.2 WhatsAppOur web pages use a WhatsApp button (WhatsApp share button). This button can be used to share the content of our web pages via the WhatsApp application on your mobile phone. This button is implemented as a hyperlink. When the button appears on this website, no personal data is as yet transmitted to the operator of WhatsApp or any other third parties.Once you use the WhatsApp button, , the WhatsApp provider will be informed about the content you shared and that the button was used on our website. Further information on that topic can be found in the Privacy Policy of the WhatsApp provider at:https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/#Privacy.5.3 YouTubeOur website uses plugins of the YouTube website operated by Google. The website provider is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.When you visit one of our web pages that is equipped with a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers will be established. Via this connection, the YouTube server is provided with the information about which of our web pages you have visited.If you are logged into your YouTube account, this enables YouTube to directly associate your web-browsing behavior with your personal account. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.We use YouTube because we are interested in an appealing presentation for our online offering. This constitutes a legitimate interest as per Article 6(1)(f), GDPR.Further information on the handling of user data can be found in the Privacy Policy issued by YouTube at:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB&gl=de5.4 LinkedInOur website also uses the "share feature" of the LinkedIn network. The provider is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. When you click the LinkedIn "share button" (plugin), a separate browser window will open and you will be redirected to your user account—provided that you are logged into your LinkedIn user account—and you may share the content electronically provided on our website by adding a comment. The plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the LinkedIn server. Via this connection, LinkedIn is provided with the information that you have visited our website using your IP address. Moreover, LinkedIn is then able to associate your visit to our website with your user account. We wish to note that we do not have any information on the content of the transmitted (personal) data or on its use by LinkedIn. Further information on that topic can be found in the Privacy Policy issued by LinkedIn at:https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy5.5 TwitterOur website uses so-called social plugins ("plugins") of the Twitter microblogging service that is operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA ("Twitter"). The plugins are designated with a Twitter logo, e.g., in the form of the blue "Twitter bird". An overview of the Twitter plugins and how they look can be found at:https://about.twitter.com/en_us/company/brand-resources.html
Whenever accessing a page of our website that contains such a plugin, your browser will establish a direct connection to the Twitter servers. The plugin's content will directly be transmitted to your browser by Twitter and integrated into the page. Through this integration, Twitter obtains the information that your browser has accessed the respective web page of our website even if you do not have a Twitter profile or if you are not logged into your Twitter account.
This information (including your IP address) will be directly transmitted to one of the Twitter servers in the US by your browser and stored there.
If you are logged into your Twitter account, Twitter will be able to directly associate your visit to our website with your Twitter account. When you interact with a plugin, e.g., by clicking the "Twitter" button, this information will also be directly transmitted to one of the Twitter servers and stored. Additionally, this information will be published in your Twitter account and displayed to your Twitter contacts.
The purpose and scope of the data collection and further processing and use of the data by Twitter, as well as your rights in this respect and setting options for protecting your privacy can be found in the Twitter Privacy Policy:https://twitter.com/privacy
If you do not want Twitter to directly associate the data collected via our website with your Twitter account, you must log off of Twitter prior to visiting our website. You also have the option to entirely prevent loading of the Twitter plugins by means of add-ons for your browser, e.g., with the script blocker "NoScript":http://noscript.net/6. THIRD PARTIES6.1 Facebook Connect
If there is a "Facebook Connect" button available on this website, you are provided with the option to log into our website using your Facebook user data. Moreover, information about your activities on our website can automatically be transmitted to your Facebook profile via Facebook Connect. When activating the button, you have the option of both expressly consenting to the access of your Facebook user data and also consenting to the publication of information and activities in your Facebook profile. Other data (e.g., contact via your email address) is only used if there is express consent in advance. Please bear in mind that via Facebook Connect, Facebook gathers information on the application/website, including information about your activities. In order to personalize the connection process, there is the possibility that Facebook is in some instances provided with a limited scope of information even before authorization of the application/website. The purpose and scope of data collection and further processing of the data by Facebook, as well as your rights in this respect and setting options for protecting your privacy can be found in the Facebook Privacy Policy:
Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA; http://www.facebook.com/policy.php; further information on data collection: http://www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084 , http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other#applications and http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info#everyoneinfo. Facebook has accepted the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework,  https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework6.2 Fonts Awesome
For displaying fonts uniformly, this website uses so-called web fonts provided by Fonticons Inc. Upon accessing a website, your browser loads the required web fonts to your browser cache in order to correctly display fonts and texts.
To do so, the browser you use must establish communication with the servers of Fonticons Inc. This action provides Fonticons Inc. with the information that our website has been accessed via your IP address. We use web fonts to achieve uniform and appealing representation of our online offers. This constitutes a legitimate interest as per Article 6(1)(f), GDPR.
If your browser does not support web fonts, your computer will use a standard font.
Further information on Font Awesome can be found at https://fontawesome.com/help and in the Fonticons Inc. Privacy Policy: https://fontawesome.com/privacy.6.3 Cloud Flare
Our website uses Cloudflare features. The provider is Cloudflare, Inc. 665 3rd St. #200, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Cloudflare provides a globally distributed content delivery network with Domain Name Servers (DNS). Technically, the information is transferred between your browser and our website via the Cloudflare network. This enables Cloudflare to analyze the data traffic between the user and our websites in order to, e.g., detect and avert threats to our services. Moreover, Cloudflare may store cookies on your computer for optimization reasons and for analyses. Within the scope of balancing the interests involved, this serves to ensure our prevailing, legitimate interests in the optimal marketing of our offerings as per Article 6(1)(b), GDPR.
We have concluded a corresponding agreement with Cloudflare for order processing on the basis of the GDPR. Cloudflare is a certified participant in the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework. Cloudflare has committed to handle all obtained personal data of the European Union (EU) member states in accordance with the ruling principles of the Privacy Shield Framework. Further information on the Privacy Shield Framework can be found in the Privacy Shield Framework list issued by the US Department of Commerce at: https://www.privacyshield.gov. Cloudflare gathers statistical data related to your visit to this website. Access data includes: name of the accessed website, file, date and time of the visit, amount of data transferred, reporting on successful access, browser type and version, the user's operating system, referrer URL (website visited before), IP address, and the requesting provider. Cloudflare uses the log data for statistical evaluations with the purpose of ensuring operation, security, and offer optimization.
You can find more information here on the data collected by Cloudflare and on security and data protection topics.6.4 bizographics.com
Our website downloads the web service bizographics.com by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, IRL. We use this data to ensure that our website is fully functional. Within that context, your browser may transmit personal data to bizographics.com where necessary. Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR forms the legal basis for the data processing. The legitimate interest here is to maintain a website that functions flawlessly. The data is erased as soon as the respective purpose for its collection has been fulfilled.
Further information on the handling of the transmitted data can be found in the bizographics.com Privacy Policy at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. You have the option to prevent your data from being collected and processed by bizographics.com by deactivating the execution of the script code in your browser or by installing a script blocker for your browser (a script blocker can be found at www.noscript.net, for example, or www.ghostery.com).6.5 Google Ads (formerly known as Google Adwords)
6.5.1 Google Ads Conversion
Our website uses Google Ads Conversion in order to draw attention to our offers on external websites by means of advertising (so-called Google Ads). By analyzing the data, the success of the marketing campaign can be assessed. This feature ensures that only advertisements that may interest you are displayed.
These advertisements are provided by Google via so-called "ad servers". For this purpose, we use ad server cookies that are able to detect specific parameters to measure success, such as the frequency with which advertisements are shown or clicks by the user. Whenever our website is accessed via redirecting by a Google ad, Google Ads will save a cookie on your device. These cookies routinely expire after 30 days and are not used to identify you as a user. Together with this cookie, usually the unique cookie ID, quantity of ad Impressions per placement (frequency), last ad Impression (relevant for post-view conversions), and opt-out information are stored as values for analyses.
Via the cookies, Google is able to once again recognize your Internet browser. If a user visits specific web pages of an Ads client's website and the cookie saved on the user's computer has not expired yet, Google and the client are able to detect that the user clicked the ad and was redirected to this website. Consequently, cookies cannot be traced using the websites of Ads clients, since each Ads client is assigned a different cookie.
We do not collect and process any personal data in the specified advertisements. Google merely provides us with statistical assessments. Thanks to these analyses we are able to identify the advertisements that are most effective. We do not receive data gathered by using the advertisements beyond the described scope, which also rules out user identification on the basis of this information.
By means of the marketing tool used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Google server. We do not have any influence on the scope and further use of data that was gathered by Google via this tool , and consequently, wish to inform you according to the current information available to us: Via the integration process of Ads Conversion, Google is informed about the fact that you have accessed a web page of our website or clicked on one of our ads. If you are registered as a user of a Google service, Google is able to associate your visit with your account. Even if you are not registered as a Google user or you are not logged into your Google account, it is still possible for the provider to detect your IP address and store it.
6.5.2 Google Ads Remarketing
This website uses the remarketing feature within the context of the Google Ads service. By using the remarketing feature, we are able to display advertisements—based on the users' interests—on other websites in the Google advertising network (in the Google search, on YouTube, "Google ads", or on other websites) to users of our website. To this end, the users' interactions on our website are analyzed for, e.g., which offers were interesting for the user, with the aim of displaying targeted advertisements to the users on other websites after they have visited our website. For this purpose, Google stores a number in the browsers of users who accessed specific Google services or websites within the Google display network. The number of visits is recorded via the cookies. This number serves for unambiguous identification of a web browser on the corresponding end device and not for identification of a person. Personal data is not stored.This is a method with which we wish to reach out to you again within 24 months. This application makes it possible to display our advertisements to you after your visit to our website over the course of your future Internet use. This is implemented via cookies saved in your browser which are used by Google to gather and analyze information about your consumer behavior on different websites. This is how Google can detect whenever you have visited our website previously. According to Google, data gathered in the course of remarketing is not used together with personal data which may be stored by Google. According to Google, remarketing uses pseudonymization.
6.5.3 Deactivating tracking activities
Option 1: By adjusting your web browser software settings accordingly, you are able to prevent participation in this tracking method. However, we wish to point out that in this case, you might not be able to fully use the functionality of this website.
Option 2: Installation of the plugin provided by Google under the following link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin will deactivate the tracking method.
Option 3: This may also be prevented via permanent deactivation in your Firefox, Internet Explorer, or Google Chrome browsers at the following link: http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin.
Please note that in this case, you might not be able to use the full functionality of this offer.
Further information on Google data protection can be found at: http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy and https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html. Alternatively, you can visit the website of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at http://www.networkadvertising.org.
Google has consented to compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, see https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
6.5.4 Legal basis for data processing
Article 6(1)a of the GDPR forms the legal basis for this function.6.6 Campaign Manager (formerly known as DoubleClick by Google)
This website also uses the Campaign Manager online marketing tool by Google. Campaign Manager uses cookies with the aim of displaying advertisements relevant to the users, improving the reports on the success of marketing campaigns, and avoiding the same advertisements being displayed to the user more than once. By means of a cookie ID, Google is able to recognize which advertisements are displayed in which browser and thus, avoid displaying the ads multiple times. Moreover, with the aid of cookie IDs, the Campaign Manager can gather so-called conversions, which are related to advertisement requests. This might be the case if a user views a Campaign Manager advertisement and later uses the same browser to access the website of the advertiser and purchases something via that website. According to Google, Campaign Manager cookies do not contain any personal information.
By means of the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Google server. We do not have any influence on the scope and further use of data that was gathered by Google via this tool , and consequently, wish to inform you according to the current information available to us: The integrated Campaign Manager provides Google with the information that you have accessed a relevant part of our website or that you have clicked one of our advertisements. If you are registered as a user of a Google service, Google is able to associate your visit with your account. Even if you are not registered as a Google user or you are not logged into your Google account, it is still possible for the provider to detect your IP address and store it.
Moreover, the Campaign Manager (DoubleClick Floodlight) cookies used help us to recognize whether you performed specific actions on our website after having accessed one of our display/video advertisements on Google or on another platform via Campaign Manager or clicked on one of those (Conversion Tracking). Campaign Manager uses this cookie to recognize the content with which you have interacted on our website with the aim of sending you targeted advertisements in the future.
6.6.1 Deactivating the tracking method
Option 1: By adjusting your web browser software settings accordingly, you are able to prevent participation in this tracking method. However, we wish to point out that in this case, you might not be able to fully use the functionality of this website.
Option 2: By adjusting your browser settings such that by deactivation of the cookies for Conversion Tracking, cookies from the domain www.googleadservices.com are blocked, https://www.google.de/settings/ads. In which case, this setting will be deleted if you delete your cookies.
Further information on Google data protection can be found at: http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy and https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html. Alternatively, you can visit the website of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at http://www.networkadvertising.org.
Google has consented to compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, see https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
6.6.2 Legal basis for data processing
Article 6(1)a of the GDPR forms the legal basis for this function.6.7 Google-Tag-Manager
This website uses Google Tag Manager. The marketer uses the Google Tag Manager for administration of website tags via an interface. The Google Tag Manager tool is a domain without cookies that does not gather any personal data. The tool itself triggers activation of other tags, which may potentially gather data. The Google Tag Manager does not access the data in any way. If deactivation was performed on a cookie or domain level, this remains in place for all tracking tags implemented by the Google Tag Manager.7. FORWARDING OF BUSINESS CARDS AND CONTACT DETAILS VIA TELEPHONEIf, upon initial contact, you forward your business card to us or transmit your contact details explicitly in the context of this initial business contact, we will store your personal data based on your verbally provided agreement (Article 6(1)(a), GDPR). In this case, processing of your data is necessary for performance of a contract or for carrying out precontractual measures. This data includes: last name, first name, address, phone number, email address of the contact and any other contact details indicated on the business card.
Your data may be forwarded to our employees within the context of our potential future business relations.8. CONTACT FORM, ONLINE JOB APPLICATION, LOGINTERN, AND CONTACT VIA EMAIL8.1 Description and scope of data processing
Contact forms and registration forms for general contact requests, online job application and access to the LOGintern area are available on our website and can be used to contact us via electronic means. If a user uses one of these options, the data entered in the input box will be transmitted to us and stored. This data includes:
Contact form
Title
Last name, first name
Company
Street (street number)
Postal code
City
(Federal state)
Country
Email
Phone
Area of application
(Contact at Bucher Hydraulics)
Message
Attachment
Online job application
Last name, first name
Street (street number)
Postal code
City
Country
Phone (private)
Email
Attachments (letter of application, CV, credentials)
Earliest possible starting date
Message
Initial contact channel
Registration for LOGintern
Title
Last name, first name
Company
(Department)
Street (street number)
Postal code
City
Country
(Phone)
Email
Area of application
User name
(The system generates the password which is also not visible for the administrators.)
In addition, upon sending the message, the following data is stored:
The user's IP address
Date and time of registration
Within the context of sending the message, you will be asked for your consent to data processing and reference to this Privacy Policy will be made.Alternatively, you can reach us via the email address provided. In this case, the personal data of the user transmitted in the email will be stored.In this regard, no data is disclosed to any third parties. The data is exclusively used for processing the conversation.8.2 Legal basis for data processingArticle 6(1)(a) of the GDPR forms the legal basis for data processing, provided that the user's consent is available.
Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR forms the legal basis for processing data that is transmitted upon sending an email. Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR additionally forms the legal basis for data processing in case the contact via email focuses on formation of a contract.8.3 Purpose of data processingThe processing of personal data gathered via the input box is solely for the purpose of fulfilling your request. In the case of contact via email, this may also be regarded as a necessary, legitimate interest in processing the data. Any other personal data processed during the course of sending an email serves to prevent misuse of the contact form and ensures the secure function of our information technology systems.8.4 Data storage periodThe data is erased as soon as no longer required for achieving the purpose for which it was gathered. When it comes to the personal data gathered via the input box of the contact form and the data transmitted per email, this is the case as soon as the respective conversation with the user has ended. A conversation is regarded as having ended when it becomes clear from the circumstances that the issue in question was definitively resolved. Any personal data additionally gathered upon sending an email are erased after a period of 14 days at the latest.8.5 Possibilities for entering objection and for requiring erasureThe user has the possibility to withdraw his consent to processing personal data at any time. If the user contacts us via email, he has the possibility to object to the storing of his personal data at any time. In this case, the conversation cannot be continued. In this case, all personal data stored in the context of making contact is erased.8.6 Disclosure of dataYour personal data is not disclosed to any third parties except for the purposes stated in the following.
We only disclose your personal data to third parties if one of the following applies:
You have explicitly agreed to disclosure as per Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR;
in the event that there is a statutory obligation for disclosure as per Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR; as well as
where disclosure is permitted by law and required for processing contractual relations with you as per Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR
9. PROVIDING THE WEBSITE AND CREATING LOG FILES9.1 Description and scope of data processingWhenever our website is accessed, our system automatically gathers data and information from the requesting computer's operating system. The following data is gathered in that context:
Information relating to the type of browser and the version used
The user's operating system
The user's Internet service provider
The user's IP address
Date and time of access
Websites that redirected the user's system to our website
Websites that are accessed by the user's system via our website
This data is also stored in the log files of our system. This data is not stored together with other personal user data.9.2 Legal basis for data processingArticle 6(1)(f) of the GDPR forms the legal basis for temporary storage of data and log files.9.3 Purpose of data processingThe IP address must be stored by our system temporarily for the website to communicate with the user's computer. To this end, the user's IP address must be stored for the duration of the session.Storage via log files ensures the functionality of the website. Moreover, the data serves the purpose of website optimization and for ensuring the security of our information technology systems. Data is not analyzed for marketing purposes within that context.
These purposes are also regarded as our legitimate interest for data processing as per Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.9.4 Data storage periodThe data is erased as soon as no longer required for achieving the purpose for which it was gathered. When it comes to data gathered for providing the website, this is the case when the respective session has ended. However, data is erased after 14 days at the latest.9.5 Possibilities for entering objection and for requiring erasureThe data gathered for providing the website and data storage in log files is mandatory for operation of the website. Consequently, the user has no possibility to enter an objection.10. RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTSIf your personal data is processed, you are regarded as a data subject according to GDPR and you are entitled to the following rights against the controller:10.1 Right of accessYou have the right to be informed by the controller about whether personal data related to you is being processed by us.If this is the case, you may request information about the following from the controller:
The purposes for which the personal data is processed;
The personal data categories processed;
The recipients or categories of recipients to whom your personal data was disclosed or is to be disclosed;
The planned duration of data storage applicable to your personal data, or, in case no specific statement can be made with regard to this, the criteria for determination of the storage period;
The existence of the right to rectification or erasure of your personal data, the right to restriction on data processing by the data controller, or the right to object to these processing activities;
The existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
All information available concerning the data origin in case the personal data was not gathered from the data subject;
The existence of automated decision-making, including profiling as defined in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and—at a minimum in cases like this—informative details concerning the logic involved, the consequences, and the intended impacts of such processing for the data subject.
You are entitled to request information about whether your personal data is transmitted to a third-party country or an international organization. Within that context, you may request information about suitable safeguards regarding this data transfer as per Article 46 of the GDPR.10.2 Right to rectificationYou have the right to request rectification and/or completion from the controller in case the personal data processed are incorrect or incomplete. The controller is obligated to implement the rectification without delay.10.3 Right to restriction of data processingYou may request restriction of processing of your personal data under the following conditions:
If you deny the correctness of your personal data over a period of time that allows the controller to verify the correctness of your personal data;
If processing is performed illegitimately and you reject erasure of your personal data and instead request a restriction on the use of your personal data;
If the controller no longer needs the data for processing purposes but you need it for enforcement, exercise, or defense of legal claims, or
if you have filed an objection against data processing as per Article 21(1) of the GDPR and a decision is still pending as to whether your interests prevail or the legitimate interests of the controller.
Once the use of your personal data was restricted, this data may only be processed—except for its storage—with your consent, or if it is required for enforcement, exercise, or defense of legal claims, or for protection of rights of another individual or a legal entity, or due to the substantial public interest of the European Union or a member state.
After restriction was implemented for data processing in accordance with the conditions stated above, the controller will inform you before the restriction is canceled.10.4 Right to erasureObligation to erase
You may request from the controller immediate erasure of your personal data and the controller is obligated to immediately erase this data, provided one of the following reasons applies:
Your personal data no longer is required for the purposes for which it was collected or in other manner processed.
You withdraw consent on which processing as per Article 6(1)(a) or Article 9(2)(a) of the GDPR was based and there is no other legal basis for processing.
You file an objection against the processing as per Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no prevailing legitimate interests for processing, or you file an objection against the processing as per Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
Your personal data was processed illegitimately.
Erasure of your personal data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation as per Union or member state law to which the controller is subject.
Your personal data was gathered with regard to the services offered by the information society as per Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
Disclosure of information to third parties
If the controller has made your personal data public and is obligated to erase this data as per Article 17(1) of the GDPR, the controller, taking into account available technology and the costs of implementation, must take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform controllers who process the personal data, that you (as the data subject) have requested erasure of all links to this personal data or of all copies or replication of this personal data.
Exceptions
The right to erasure does not apply where processing is necessary for
the exercise of a legal right of freedom of expression and information;
For compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing as per Union or member state law to which the controller is subject, or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest, or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
For reasons of public interest in the area of public health as per Article 9(2)(h) and (i) and Article 9(3) of the GDPR;
For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes as per Article 89(1) of the GDPR, insofar as the right referred to in paragraph a) is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of that processing, or
for the enforcement, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
10.5 Right to notificationAfter you have claimed right to rectification, erasure, or to restriction on processing against the respective controller, the controller is obligated to communicate any correction or erasure of data or restriction on processing to all of the recipients to whom your personal data was disclosed, unless this proves impossible or involves unreasonable expense.
You have the right vis à vis the controller to be informed about these recipients.10.6 Right to data portabilityYou have the right to receive your personal data you made available to the controller in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. Moreover, you are entitled to the right to transmit this data you made available to the controller to another controller without hindrance from the controller who was originally provided with the data,
provided processing was performed based on a consent as per Article 6(1)(a) or Article 9(2)(a) of the GDPR or based on a contract as per Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR, and
the processing was performed by means of automated processes.
In exercising this right, you also have the right to have your personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible. In exercising this right, rights and freedom of others must not be affected adversely.
The right to data portability does not apply to processing of personal data required for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.10.7 Right to objectYou have the right, due to reasons relating to your particular situation, to object to the processing of your personal data, based on Article 6(1)(e) or (f) of the GDPR, at any time; this also applies to profiling based on those provisions.
The controller no longer processes your personal data unless the controller can demonstrate compelling legitimate reasons for processing which prevail over your interests, rights, and freedom, or the processing serves the enforcement, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
Where your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
Where you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, your personal data will no longer be processed for such purposes.
In the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, the you may exercise your right to object by automated means for which technical specifications are used.10.8 Right to withdraw the data protection consent declarationYou are entitled to the right to withdraw consent to your data protection consent declaration at any time. Withdrawal of consent does not affect the legitimacy of data processing that was done based on the consent up until the withdrawal.10.9 Automated individual decision-making, including profilingYou have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you in an adverse manner. This does not apply
if the decision is necessary for entering into or the performance of a contract between you and the controller or if
it is authorized by Union or member state law to which the controller is subject and these laws contain suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or
if it is made based on your explicit consent.
However, these decisions must not be based on special categories of personal data referred to in Article 9(1) of the GDPR, unless Article 9(2)(a) or (g) of the GDPR apply and suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests are in place.
In the cases referred to in points (1) and (3), the controller must implement measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, which includes, at a minimum, obtaining the intervention of a person on the part of the controller, to express one's point of view and to contest the decision.10.10 Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authorityWithout prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular, in the member state of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged violation if you are of the opinion that the processing of personal data related to you violates this Privacy Policy.
The supervisory authority with which the complaint has been lodged informs the complainant on the progress and the outcome of the complaint including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Article 78 of the GDPR.11. UP-TO-DATENESS OF AND CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYThis version of the Privacy Policy dated September 20, 2019 is currently in effect. Due to updates to our website and offerings presented on that website, or due to changed statutory or administrative regulations, it may become necessary to modify this Privacy Policy. You may at any time access and print out the version of the Privacy Policy currently in effect on our website under data protection.
In case you have any questions concerning data protection, please feel free to contact us via the following email address: datenschutz@klw.de
Follow us