http://www.3log.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
About Us
Our Mission
Our Clients
Our Team
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When on our site you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you are on our website or use certain site features. This will allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
How do we protect visitor information?
We collect information only for the purposes of responding to correspondence.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled. It won’t affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
3LOG Systems Inc.
208-2633 Viking Way
Richmond, British Columbia
Canada V6V 3B6
www.3LOG.com
Last Edited on 2017-08-29
Book a Demo
Request Info
Testimonials
We implemented LIMS in less than 2 months and I couldn't have been happier with the way it went.
It was quick and easy to learn the new system.
3LOG resources were fantastic to work with and they were extremely helpful to ensure our contractors were paid on time during the first close when we had an issue with our Internet connection/connectivity.
Our Internet connection is not 3LOG's responsibility but they stepped in and helped us out.
I would highly recommend 3LOG based on my experience with the product and resources.
Emily Acord
Log Accounting
- LandVest, Inc.
•	By adopting LIMS, we have gained efficiencies throughout the organization, saving time and money
•	Implementation was professional, smooth and most importantly on time and on budget
•	3LOG Consultants took the time to really understand our processes, and designed our implementation to fit our business needs
•	By adopting the LIMS mobile capabilities, we will save time and money, and expect to be able to work closer with our suppliers throughout the U.S. and Canada and our employees worldwide
Donald Cox
Controller at PLS International
- Pacific Lumber & Shipping, LLC
We love the power that the LIMS system provides us.
We setup reports to be distributed and they go out as scheduled automatically.
By extracting the data to a pivot table, we now have real-time tracking of deliveries with visibility to customers and sales along with amounts delivered over a period of time.
Brian D. Glodowski
President/CEO
- Keweenaw Land Association, Limited
We are thrilled to be working with 3LOG and are looking forward to utilizing the LIMS software to manage our operations more efficiently.
Kerry Rouck
Woodlands Manager
- The Gorman Group of Companies
June of 2015 we implemented LIMS and WeighWiz at our NY operations.
We replaced 3 legacy systems and the new solution from 3LOG works flawlessly all the way through the process - from contract to settlement.
We barcode every log and LIMS allows us to manage the inventory so we know exactly how much money we are making at all times.
The reports generated from the LIMS system we have never been able to obtain before.
This really has been a great partnership with 3LOG and the customer service gets a 9 on a scale of 1-10.
John Zemanick
Natural Resource Manager
- Gutchess Lumber Co.
Utilizing 3LOG’s truck weight analyzer (TWA) at the weighscale we are able to identify unusual loads immediately and in situations such as when a truck axle is not on the scale we can proactively correct the problem.
Jenny Pezewski
Lake States Wood Supply Accounting Manager
- Verso Corp.
3LOG’s biomass solution is the perfect fit for making our operations efficient.
The software is CA certified and it is very flexible to meet our many needs.
Rob Crummett
Director of Fuel Procurement
- Greenleaf Power
Recent News
Enviva Holdings LP selects LIMS for all 10 of their Southeastern operations and 5 ports
Enviva Holdings LP selects LIMS for all 10 of their Southeastern operations and 5 ports
Read More »
Forest Management Group Selects Trimble Forestry’s LIMS and CFX
Forest Management Group, which includes Forest Management (FML), Tasman Forest Management (TFM), and Forest Management North Island (FMNI), Forest Management Group, which includes Forest Management (FML), Tasman Forest Management (TFM), and Forest Management North Island (FMNI), has selected Trimble Forestry’s Log Inventory & Management System (LIMS) to manage its extensive forestry operations in New Zealand. has selected Trimble Forestry’s Log Inventory & Management System (LIMS) to manage its extensive forestry operations in New Zealand.
Read More »
Maibec to Deploy Trimble Forestry’s LIMS and WeighWiz Solutions at its East River, Nova Scotia Mill
Trimble Forestry is pleased to announce that Maibec, a Canadian-based company with operations in Quebec, New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia, will deploy Trimble Forestry’s LIMS and WeighWiz solutions at its newly acquired siding mill in East River, Nova Scotia.
Read More »