https://www.andersenwindows.com/support/privacy-california/
Home
/
Support
/
California Privacy Policy
Andersen’s California Consumer Privacy Notice
Last Revised March 08, 2020
California Privacy Notice
At Andersen, the protection of your information is important to us. As stated in our general Privacy Policy, we comply with applicable law in the places where we operate. Andersen’s California Consumer Privacy Notice supplements the information contained in our general Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, applicants for employment, and others who reside in the State of California and is provided to inform you, as a California resident, of your rights with respect to information collected by Andersen Windows, Inc. its parent and subsidiaries (collectively, “Andersen” or “we”).
Information We Collect
Contact information:
Andersen collects contact information provided by you when you visit our Sites. This includes, but is not limited to, names and user names, business name (if applicable), purchase history, billing and shipping addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, the location where you purchased Andersen products, and other digital contact information.
Information About Minors:
Andersen’s Sites are neither structured nor intended for users who are minors. Andersen does not target, promote, or market products or services to minors. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from minors, as defined by law.  If we discover we have received Personal Information from a person under the age of 18 years, which has not been properly authorized, we will take reasonable steps to delete that data as quickly as possible. If you are age 13 through 17, you may contact us to specifically authorize the sale of your information.  If you are under the age of 13, a parent or guardian must explicitly provide such consent on your behalf.
Payment Information:
Andersen collects your payment information when you purchase our products and services. This includes, but is not limited to, information from your credit or debit card, personal check, PayPal account (or other electronic payment service provider), or gift card. Payment information is used for payment processing and fraud prevention. Andersen will not use your payment information for any other purpose.
Credit and Identifier Information:
Andersen may collect credit and identifier information about you in connection with the purchase, or attempted purchase, of our products and services. This includes, but is not limited to, information about your credit history, income, social security number, and date of birth.  Andersen may use this information to, among other things, help you rehabilitate your credit.
Applications for Employment:
Andersen may place job openings on the Sites that require you to provide your Personal Information in connection with an application for employment. We collect your Personal Information, contact instructions, and information related to applicable work experience through online forms and other means.
Information Needed for Warranty Claims:
When you make a claim under one of our written warranties, Andersen will collect Personal Information from you relating to the initial purchase of the product to process the warranty request and prevent fraud.
Demographic Information:
Andersen collects information about who you are, what you do, and where you live. This helps us put your feedback about our products and services into context so that we may serve you better in the future.
Location Information:
Andersen collects location data obtained from your mobile device's GPS or your IP address, depending on whether you are visiting the mobile or online version of our Sites. In addition to any other uses noted in this Privacy Policy, we may use this location data to find an Andersen dealer close to you.
Communications and Promotions:
Andersen collects information provided when you communicate with us via blogs, social media sites, other offline communications (e.g., paper mailers, trade show attendance forms), or other online or in person communications (e.g., electronic entry forms, contact us forms). In addition, we may require that you provide Personal Information to access more detailed descriptions of our products or services or to better find products and services that we wish to market to you, which will then allow us to engage you in follow-up communications or to verify requests received from you. Further, the Sites sometimes include notices of promotions for which you can submit an online entry.
Surveys and Polls:
Andersen values your opinions and comments, and we may conduct online surveys or polls. Participation in these surveys and polls is always optional. The Personal Information collected via polls is aggregated and used to make improvements to the Sites and to develop useful content, features, and promotions for visitors to our Sites. The identity of survey or poll participants is anonymous unless the survey or poll either specifically requests Personal Information or otherwise states information is collected.
Other information:
We collect information about the browser you are using as you visit our Sites. We may also track the specific pages you visit, the website you came from, or the website you visit once you leave ours.
How we Use Information About You
In addition to the business reasons discussed above, Andersen uses Personal Information (collected from you and/or your device) for both system administration purposes, to enhance your experience while on our Sites, to market our goods and services, and to otherwise transact or communicate with you. Consistent with applicable law and the choices you make, specific uses may include, but are not limited to, the following:
Compiling figures for market research, data analytics, and website performance.
Providing descriptions of our products and services when you need them.
Noting color, style, and design preferences as you move through our Sites.
Displaying advertisements personalized to individual interests or preferences, either on our Sites or the sites of third-parties.
Tracking the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
Setting in-home appointments upon your request.
Collecting information for lead-generation or the sale of additional products/services.
Assisting with the procurement of financing for your purchase of Andersen products and/or services or rehabilitating your credit for the future purchase of Andersen products and/or services.
Considering you for employment at Andersen.
Facilitating transactions for the procurement of replacement parts.
Demonstrating Andersen’s compliance with our legal obligations, policies, and procedures.
Any uses described in this section are not exclusive, and there may be additional uses for Personal Information indicated elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights Under the CCPA
Right to Access and Request:
If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request that Andersen identify and disclose to you and deliver your Personal Information under our control collected within the last twelve months. This information will be provided in the form of a report to you, free of charge. At the time your request is made, you may ask that the report be in either paper or electronic format. If in paper format, Andersen will send the requested information via U.S. Mail. If in electronic format, Andersen will send the requested information via email.
Once your status as a California resident is confirmed and your identity and request verified, Andersen will make all reasonable efforts to provide a response in 45 days but may notify you of our intention to extend the timing of our response for an additional 45 days (total of 90 days).
Once your identity and the relevance of your request have been verified, Andersen will include the following information in our response:
Categories of Personal Information collected.
Categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected.
Business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the information.
Categories of third parties with whom the business shares and/or sells the information.
You may request a copy of your Personal Information no more than two (2) times in a 12-month period.
Right to Delete:
If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request that Andersen delete any Personal Information about you we have collected. Once your status as a California resident is confirmed and your identity and request verified, Andersen will delete the information and direct any third-party service providers to delete the information from its records.
However, all or part of your Personal Information may be retained if it is needed by us for a reasonable business justification, including but not limited to the following:
Complete the transaction for which the information was collected, provide a good/service requested by you (or reasonably anticipated within the context of an ongoing business relationship with you), or otherwise perform a contract between Andersen and you.
Detect security incidents or otherwise protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, up to and including pursuing prosecution of those responsible for the illegal activity.
Debug the information to identify and repair errors impacting functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Engage in public or peer-received scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest.
Enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with expectations based on your relationship with the business.
Fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Otherwise use your Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Sale of Personal Information:
We sell certain Personal Information to our non-corporate-owned retail affiliates and dealers so that such non-corporate-owned retail affiliates and dealers can set up appointments and market to you.  Such Personal Information includes your name, phone number, email address, mailing or street address, and other contact information.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information:
As a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information by Andersen. Please click on “Do Not Sell My Personal Info” to create a record of your choice to opt-out. You may also submit such a request using one of the methods listed at the end of this notice.  If you choose to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, we may contact you after twelve (12) months to request authorization to sell your Personal Information.
If Andersen sells your Personal Information before you opt-out, you have an additional right under the CCPA to request disclosure of the following:
Categories of Personal Information Andersen collected about you.
Categories of information Andersen sold about you and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold.
Categories of information Andersen disclosed about you for a business purpose.
With this, a third party is prohibited from any further sale of your information purchased from Andersen unless you receive explicit notice from that third party and are provided a separate opportunity to opt out.
Right of Non-Discrimination:
Andersen cannot deny provision, suggest that you will receive a different price or a different level or quality, or charge different prices for products or services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
Right to Notification of Financial Incentive:
Andersen may, on occasion, offer financial incentives, including payments as compensation, for the collection of Personal Information, the sale of personal information, or the deletion of information. Other financial incentives may include offering a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to you if that price or difference is directly related to the value provided to you by the Personal Information. As required by the CCPA, Andersen will notify you of incentives when offered. We will only enter you into a financial incentive program if you give us prior opt-in consent that clearly describes the material terms of the financial incentive program. Your opt-in consent may be revoked at any time.
Exercising Your Rights
In addition to the form referenced above for making a “Do Not Sell My Info” request, you can exercise the rights afforded to you under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) in one of four ways.
ONE:               By Email: privacy@andersencorp.com
TWO:              By U.S. Mail: Attention: Legal Department, 100 Fourth Avenue North, Bayport, MN 55003
THREE:          By Phone: 844-853-1096
FOUR:       By Fax: 651-275-7919
Please be aware that Andersen must verify your identity before certain rights can be exercised.
Where to Buy
See All Locations
Zabitat.com
(855) 813-3111
Dealer Website
View more Home Depot locations