http://www.dripcentral.com/about/privacypolicy.shtml
DRIP Central
Learn to Invest in Stocks on a Shoestring Budget.
» Home
» Ask Doug
» Online Book
» Web Site Directory
» Free Newsletter
» About DRIP Central
Privacy Policy
We know that your Internet privacy is important. Because DRIP Central gathers information about its users, we want you to fully understand the terms and conditions of the collection and use of that information. This privacy policy describes what information we gather, how we use it, and how you can correct or change it. We reserve the right to update this privacy policy as needed; we will post any changes for five full days before the changes go into effect.
Security
DRIP Central has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the membership information under our control, and to prevent unauthorized access.
Contact and Membership Information
Our site's basic registration form may require you to give us your email address and ZIP code. We use the email information to contact you when necessary and to send you our email newsletter. You may opt-out of receiving any mailings at any time (see the opt-out section below). We may use the ZIP code information in three ways: (1) to customize your DRIP Central experience, (2) to pre-populate your member profile with your city and state and (3) to share with third parties, such as advertisers, but only in the form of aggregated information.
In addition, you may choose to provide DRIP Central with additional information, including your birth date, gender, and major investing interests. We use this data for two reasons: (1) to customize your experience at our site, showing you content that we think will interest you, and (2) to share with third parties, such as advertisers, but only in the form of aggregated information. This helps our advertisers understand our member demographics, and is essential to keeping our services free.
We do not share, sell or rent information about individual users with any third party at any time, except:
When you specifically authorize us to or request that we do so.
When needed by third parties providing technical services, such as instant messaging and email, but only to the extent necessary to provide you with those services.
When we believe in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with the law or legal process.
Members may choose to have some or all of their information displayed in their public member profile, viewable by other members of the DRIP Central community. We offer this option to assist members in locating others with similar investing or other interests. To make sure that your personal information is current and correct, you may change your information and display choices at any time by clicking on the "Edit my member profile link" found in all community areas (member directory, message boards, etc.) of the site.
IP Addresses and Cookies
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our site. We may also log IP addresses to track a user's session. This gives us an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user's session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous.
We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit. If you prefer to not have cookies placed you can direct your browser to refuse all cookies. Please bear in mind, however, that this may make your DRIP Central experience much less productive and enjoyable.
Public Forums
DRIP Central may make message boards, chat rooms, and news group-type mailing lists available to its members. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and that you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. We also offer instant messaging for private conversation with other members. Again, you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in any instant message.
Third Parties
Our Web site may use third parties to serve the advertisements that you see on the pages of our Web site.
DRIP Central may allow access to database information by third parties providing technical services, such as instant messaging and email, but only to the extent necessary to provide you with those services. In those instances, the third party is bound by these terms.
Surveys
We may occasionally conduct online surveys to better target our offering to our audience. We may share any demographic data collected during these surveys with our advertisers or partners, but only in the form of aggregated information. We will not share any information about specific individuals gathered during a survey with third parties. We may ask you for your email address in our surveys. We do this in order to contact you with questions or other follow-up. You will always have the option of not providing your email address.
Contests and sweepstakes
We may offer contests and sweepstakes in which we request certain personal information. This may include your name and email address and, in some cases, a range of other personal data. The information gathered in the entry form is used to verify the entrant's identity, to send the entrant an email notification that their entry has been received, and to contact winners and/or prize recipients. There are two situations in which DRIP Central will give this information to a third party -- provided the user gives express consent:
A user may expressly choose to receive additional information from the contest sponsor, in which case the user's personally identifiable information is divulged to the advertiser.
Some contests or sweepstakes may be hosted on the DRIP Central site but administered by a sponsor. In such cases, the information a user provides is passed on to the third party as long as that user gives express consent.
Because the rules and terms of each contest and sweepstakes can vary, all information about each contest and sweepstakes is clearly posted during the event. All contests and sweepstakes are conducted in full accordance with United States federal and state laws.
Children's Information
DRIP Central restricts membership to people 13 years of age and older, and does not knowingly collect personally identifying information from children under the age of 13.
Your Privacy at Other Sites
DRIP Central contains many links to other sites. DRIP Central is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites.
Opting-Out
You may opt-out of receiving communications from us when you register, and at any time after that. You can unsubscribe
from any mailing list to which you've subscribed by following the unsubscribe link included in every newsletter, or by
updating your newsletter preferences in your member profile.
You may request that we delete your membership and accompanying member information at any time. To send us this request, write to us.
Finally, you may opt to not become a member, or to participate in the "member-only" areas of our site. This eliminates the need for you to give us any personal information at all.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or any other practices of our site, please contact us.
© 1996-2007 Doug Gerlach & DRIPcentral.com. All rights reserved.
By using this site, you agree to our Terms of Service.
DRIP Central is solely owned and operated by Doug Gerlach. Questions or comments? Write to him.
Your privacy is important.
For information, please read our Privacy Policy.