http://www.wagnerinstruments.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
.
Privacy Policy
Wagner Instruments Privacy PolicyWe understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business.														This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site ("Visitors") who visit without														transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by Wagner Instruments (collectively, "Services") ("Authorized Customers").														 "Personally Identifiable Information"														Refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?We collect basic user profile information from Visitors that use our contact form. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Customers, the nature and size of the business, and the nature and size of the advertising inventory that the Authorized Customer intends to purchase or sell.														 With whom may the information may be shared?We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. 														 How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?														Personally Identifiable Information collected by Wagner Instruments is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of Wagner Instruments except for use as indicated above.														 What partners or service providers have access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Authorized Customers on the Site?Wagner Instruments has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with a number of vendors.														Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis for evaluating Authorized Customers for service eligibility.																												Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information.																												Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Customers.														 How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?														All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.														 What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes														We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure.
Information:
Quotation Request
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Account:
My Account
Order History
Wishlist
Shopping Cart:
Shopping Cart
Checkout
WAGNER INSTRUMENTS.
Post Office Box 1217, Greenwich, CT 06836-1217 USA
Phone: + 203-698-9681 or 800-345-4188 (U.S. & Canada)
Fax: + 203-698-9696 or 800-443-4149 (U.S. & Canada)
E-Mail: sales@wagnerinstruments.com
Specifications subject to change without notice