https://www.wohlassociates.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“privacy policy” or “policy”) discloses the privacy practices for wohlassociates.com (this “website” or “site) operated by Wohl Associates Inc. (“Wohl Associates”, “us” or “we”). By using our website, you consent to the collection of data on this website in accordance with this policy.  You must not use this website if you have any objection to any of this privacy policy.
Terms and Conditions
Before you continue using our website we advise you to read our terms and conditions governing your use of our website.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We have access to/collect information that you give us via forms on the site, your browsing of the site, email and other direct contact from you.  We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.  We may also share your data with external service providers which assist us in running our operations, analyzing usage of our website, and in serving you.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about available products or services, in connection with our broader business relationship, or changes to our privacy policy and website terms of service.
When you visit our site or complete a form on our site, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is referred to as log data.  This log data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our site that you visit, items you have added to your cart or about which you have requested a quote, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
We use “cookies” on this site.  A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site.  For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.  Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.  Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site to assist in the operation of our site.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct data we have about you.
Have us delete data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.  Our website is configured to encrypt information sent to us.  You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.  But remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We do not intend to collect sensitive information (such as credit card or other financial data) through the website, therefore, please do not submit any sensitive information through the forms available on the website.
While we use encryption to protect information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline.  Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Children’s Privacy
Our site does not address anyone under the age of 13.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.  In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.  If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
We may modify this privacy policy at any time by posting a revised privacy policy on our website, thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes.  These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.  In the event that we modify the privacy policy and you have created an account on our website, we may attempt to contact you at the email address you used setup that account, however, our failure to contact you will not prevent the revised privacy policy from applying.
If you have any concerns with this privacy policy or our handling of your data, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 631-244-7979 or via email at info@wohlassociates.com.
Effective September 23, 2019
Featured Machinery
PackWest 8 Head Rotary Piston Filler, Large Pistons
PackWest 14 Valve Automatic Straight Line Pressure Gravity Liquid Filling Machine, Stainless
Gemco 3 Cu. Ft. 316 Stainless Steel Slant Cone Blender, Pharma Grade
Kanara 31 Station Rotary Tablet Press, “D” Tablets
Federal 51 Valve Rotary Filler With 17 Head Cap Station, Like New
Charlotte SD-20 Stainless Steel Inline Colloid Mill, 20 HP
BEW 1600 Jacketed Roller Bar Mixer, 100
HP
Ross PVM-2 Stainless Triple Motion Mixer, XP
White Cap Model VE Lug Style Vacuum Capper, Set for 63 mm Diameter Caps
NIEMANN KREIS VKDV VACUUM DISSOLVER, WITH 400 LITER CHANGE CANS
Wohl Associates
50 Floyds Run, Bohemia, NY 11716
Name* *
Email* *
Phone* *
Company* *
Please enter your message here
Send
Request a Quote
Name* *
Company* *
Email* *
Phone* *
Message detailing your request
GET MY QUOTE