http://www.lyondell.com/en/about-us/legal/
Home
About Us
Legal
Legal
Legal Information
These terms and conditions LyondellBasell Website located at www.lyb.com, and all associated sites linked to www.lyb.com by LyondellBasell, its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the “Website”).   By using our Website, you are agreeing to these terms.  Please read them carefully.
You will not misuse our Website.  For example, do not try to access the Website using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide (e.g., do not use a “deep-link”, “page-scrape”, “robot”, “spider” or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Website or any Content). You may use our Website only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations.
Accuracy of Information, Product Safety, Warranties and Disclaimers
Although the information and recommendations at this Website ("Information") are presented in good faith and believed to be correct, we do not make representations or warranties as to its completeness or accuracy. We are supplying this Information in good faith but you must make your own determination as to its suitability for your purposes. We are not responsible for any damages because of your use or reliance upon this information. We have not fully investigated the regulatory status, toxicological and environmental safety of all components in any formulas that we do not make.
Before using a product sold by a company of the LyondellBasell family of companies, users should make their own independent determination that the product is suitable for the intended use and can be used safely and legally (including, but not limited to, compliance with intellectual property laws). Do not misconstrue any Information as our recommendation to use any product, process, equipment or formulation in conflict with any intellectual property rights. LYONDELLBASELL MAKES NO WARRANTY; EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ANY WARRANTY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT) OTHER THAN AS SEPARATELY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN A CONTRACT.
We do not make any commitment to update or correct any information that appears on the Internet or on this Website.
We may modify these terms in the future by posting updated text on this Website.
LyondellBasell products may not be used in:
(i) any U.S. FDA Class I, Health Canada Class I, and/or European Union Class I Medical Devices, without prior notification and approval by LyondellBasell for each specific product and application; or
(ii) the manufacture of any of the following, without prior notification and written approval by LyondellBasell for each specific product and application: (1) U.S. FDA Class II, Health Canada Class II or Class III, and/or European Union Class II Medical Devices; (2) film, overwrap and/or product packaging that is considered a part or component of one of the aforementioned Medical Devices; (3) packaging in direct contact with a pharmaceutical active ingredient and/or dosage form that is intended for inhalation, injection, intravenous, nasal, ophthalmic (eye), digestive, or topical (skin) administration; (4) tobacco related products and applications; (5) electronic cigarettes and similar devices; and (6) pressure pipe or fittings that are considered a part or component of a nuclear reactor.
(iii) Additionally, the product(s) may not be used in: (1) U.S. FDA Class III, Health Canada Class IV, and/or European Class III Medical Devices; (2) applications involving permanent implantation into the body; (3) life-sustaining medical applications; and (4) lead, asbestos or MTBE related applications.
All references to U.S. FDA, Health Canada, and European Union regulations include another country’s equivalent regulatory classification.
Product safety and disposal information is contained in the Safety Data Sheets (SDS) which are automatically distributed upon purchase/order execution. All users of our products are urged to retain and use the SDS. You may request an advance or replacement copy by calling our SDS Hotline at (800) 700-0946.
Links and Copying
Some links on this Website will direct you to Websites that are not owned or operated by us. These linked Websites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the content of any linked Website. We provide these links for your convenience only and the inclusion of any link does not indicate endorsement, express or implied, by us.
Using our Website does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in the content you access.  Material from our Website may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with the material in the Website.  Modification of the materials or their use is a violation of our copyright and other proprietary rights. If you want permission for any other uses of material contained in this Website (including reproducing and distributing multiple copies, or linking to any webpage) please contact us and ask in advance.. The use of our material on any other Website or networked computer environment is prohibited. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to LyondellBasell group companies. These terms do not grant you the right to use any of our branding or logos.
Documents published by us on this Website may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information. You must observe their terms as well. This Website may describe products, services, processes or technologies owned by third parties or us. Nothing contained on this Website can grant you a license, either express or implied, under any copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property right owned by any third party or us.
United States Governing Law
The posting of this Website on the World Wide Web by us is a passive activity. Access to this Website by anyone, in any jurisdiction, does not imply that we (or any of our affiliates) intend to purposefully avail ourselves of the privilege of conducting activities within that jurisdiction. Neither does it imply that we invoke the benefits and protections of the laws of such jurisdiction.
This Website was developed in the United States of America in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, United States of America, and shall be governed by them. By browsing and using this Website, you shall be deemed to accept being governed by them as well. This Website may be viewed internationally and may contain references to products or services that are not available in all countries. Reference to a particular product or service does not imply that we intend to make such products or services available in any particular country.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Accept
Privacy