https://www.acoalcrackerinthekitchen.com/terms-of-use/
Before accessing or using this website, PLEASE CAREFULLY READ the following terms and conditions covering usage of the content contained on this site. Accessing this website and/or use of content from this site indicates your acceptance of the following terms and conditions and your agreement to comply with all the terms and conditions contained herein.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DETAILS:
NOTE THAT I ACTIVELY PURSUE COPYRIGHT VIOLATIONS.
Reproduction of original work on this site, INCLUDING THE LOGO, is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice below, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
ALL ORIGINAL CONTENT ON THIS SITE IS COPYRIGHTED 2001 to Present by Lori Fogg of A Coalcracker In The Kitchen, All Rights Reserved.
This includes, but is not limited to, the top logo, banners, page/post layouts, included personal stories, and instructions/directions that accompany recipes.
Before you proceed
Although I provide content for readers at no charge, the goal of running a blog is to direct readers to my site for my recipes, not for them to be able to get my content from other sources.
Although advertising is not the bread and butter of my efforts, any earnings from it helps to defray the several hundred dollars a year it takes to keep this site up for readers to use free of charge.
Please be respectful concerning that effort and the many hours of work that go into this blog.
Don’t become the reason we can’t have nice things and ruin it for everyone – don’t steal or misdirect my — or any blogger’s — traffic!
The nitty gritty (and this is important!)
Permission is granted on a non-exclusive basis to SHARE LINKS ONLY with accompanying photo(s) TOGETHER on ANY SOCIAL MEDIA (no cutting/pasting/posting of full recipes or any other content.)For OTHER WEBSITES, you may cut and paste recipe INGREDIENTS ONLY and must include a link back to the recipe on this site for directions/instructions on completing the recipe.Under no circumstances may you cut and paste, copy, or use accompanying text/content within the post from my stories or any other content that is not part of the recipe ingredients.If you post your own version of a recipe from this site, you must use your own text and photo(s), include “inspired by”, or “adapted from”,
and include a link back to the original recipe on
this site.If you wish to quote my original text/content, please contact me with your request.Do not publish my recipes or photos without my express written consent in any books, newsletters, magazines or any other form of commercial publication.You may use the “PRINT” feature to print recipes and posts for your individual use only.
Disclaimer regarding recipes
Unless otherwise noted, the majority of recipes on this site are from my own personal or family collection or from my own development.
Your results may vary for reasons beyond the author’s control that include, but are not limited to:
individual cooking ability and skill level, quality of ingredients, ingredient variations and substitutions, cooking equipment and appliances, altitude, etc.
This site is for general  information and use only and no warranties are given or implied as to the accuracy, performance, or completeness of the information contained within. I assume no responsibility or liability for any consequences resulting directly or indirectly from any action or inaction taken as a result of following information contained on this site or in any linked materials. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this site meet your specific requirements.
Updates or changes
For various reasons, it may be necessary for me to update older posts on this site and I am not bound to state all changes made or to give any notification of changes.
Links to outside sites
From time to time this site may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of any third party product or website. We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Home-cook usage only
The recipes on this site are for the personal use of the home cook only and are NOT to be used for commercial purposes in any form (“commercial” is defined as making money from the sale of a product).
Give a shout-out
If you use recipes from this site, please kindly show your support by acknowledging where the
recipe came from and by telling family and friends about the “A Coalcracker In The Kitchen” site.
Your use of this site and any dispute arising out of such use of the site is subject to the laws of the United States of America.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Advertisement
Subscribe to My Newsletter!
Please leave this field emptyFirst name
Email *
We keep your data private and share your data only with third parties that make this service possible. Read our Privacy Policy.
Check your inbox or spam folder for an email which you must respond to in order to confirm your subscription.
Please make sure to add this address to your contacts list in order to keep receiving the emails from me that you signed up for!
Most Popular
Liver and Onions with Gravy72495 views
Homemade Halusky With Cabbage and Onion37819 views
Clear Toy Candy37642 views
Pennsylvania Dutch Ham and String Beans34533 views
Pennsylvania Dutch Potato Filling30089 views
Lazy Man’s Pierogi (Polish Noodles)29601 views
Advertisement
Translate This Page