https://www.naturalweddings.net/legal-information/terms-conditions/
Responsibility
We will not be responsible for any losses resulting from your use, or the inability to use, our website or resulting from unauthorised access to, or alteration of your transmissions or data in circumstances which are beyond our control.
We will not be responsible for your loss of profits, wasted expenditure, corruption or destruction of data or any other loss which does not directly result from something we have done wrong.
You will be responsible if you use this website in breach of these terms of use and will reimburse us for any loss that you cause to us as a result of your misuse.
We make no promise that our website will be uninterrupted or entirely error free. Because of the nature of the Internet, the shopping online service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We are not responsible to you if we are unable to provide our Internet services for any reason beyond our control.
Copyright
All rights, including copyright and database right, within this website and its contents, are owned by or licensed to ourselves, or otherwise used by us as permitted by applicable law.
In accessing our web pages, you agree that you will access the contents solely for your own private use but not for any commercial or public use. You can download and use the service on a single CPU at a time and you can print out a single hard copy of any part of the content on this website for your personal use, unless otherwise stated.
Except as permitted above, you undertake not to copy, store in any medium (including in any other website), distribute, transmit, re-transmit, broadcast, modify, or show in public any part of this website without our prior, written permission or in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
Terms and Conditions
Access to, and use of, this site is provided by us subject to the following Terms and Conditions:
Use of this site constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions, which take effect immediately on your first use of the site. We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions at any time by posting changes online.
You are responsible for reviewing regularly information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified by the posted changes.
Material may not be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, posted, broadcast or transmitted in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial home use. Any other use requires our prior written permission. You agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any of the material contained in this site or use it for any other purpose other than for your personal, non-commercial use. You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes and in a manner that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of, this site by any third party. Such restriction or inhibition includes, without limitation, conduct which is unlawful, or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person and the transmission of obscene or offensive content or disruption of normal flow of dialogue within this site.
This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to us, its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided “AS IS” and on an “AS AVAILABLE” basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. In no event will we be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use, data, or profits, whether in action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, arising out of or in connection with the use of the site. We do not warrant that the functions contained in the material contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, and reliability of the materials. The names, images and logos identifying us or third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks of us, or of third parties. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any licence or right under any trademark or patent of us, or any other third party.
Where you are invited to submit any contribution to this site (including without limitation any text, graphics, video or audio) you are required by such submission to grant us a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicenseable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to any such work worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content, consistent with privacy restrictions set forth in our Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to grant such rights to us, it is suggested that you do not submit your contribution to this site. By submitting your contribution to this site, you also warrant that such contribution is;a. your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to us for all the purposes specified above;b. is not defamatory; and
c. does not infringe any law.
By submitting your contribution to this site you indemnify us against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by us as a result of your breach of the above warranty; and you agree to waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on our website and the other purposes specified above.
If there is any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and/or specific terms appearing elsewhere on this site relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these Terms and Conditions are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that Term or Condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from this clause and the remaining terms and conditions shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Scottish law and the laws of England and Wales. Disputes arising here from shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the Scottish courts or the courts of England and Wales.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, you do not have permission to access the contents of this website and therefore should cease using this website immediately.
NAVIGATE
Home
Our Approach
Wedding Photography
Venues
Prices
Albums
Contact
Wedding Enquiries
Booking Form
About Us
FAQs
Blog
Client Area
Testimonials
Submit a Testimonial