https://www.dosatronusa.com/what-does-our-privacy-policy-cover-
Privacy Policy
Dosatron International, Inc. takes our customers’ personal privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy.
What Does Our Privacy Policy Cover?
It Covers:
This Privacy Policy covers Dosatron International’s treatment of personally identifiable information that it collects when you are on the Dosatron International website and when you use our services. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information that Dosatron International and its subsidiaries, affiliates, and business partners share with us or that we may collect on a related entity’s or business partner’s website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Dosatron International does not own or control, or to people that Dosatron International does not employ or manage.
Information Collection:
As you browse dosatronusa.com, personal information – such as your name, address, phone number, or e-mail address – is not collected. Dosatronusa.com does, however, use “cookies” to collect information about how our website is used. Information, such as the server your computer is logged onto, your browser type (for example, Chrome or Internet Explorer), and the pages you view/request are automatically collected and tracked in aggregate.
In order to provide you with e-news, contact us forms, quotes, RMA numbers, and other online services, we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information including your name, e-mail address, and contact information.
Information Use:
Dosatronusa.com may use information you have given us to, for example, provide a service, measure guest interest in certain new products, and inform you about products and services. If you have provided your e-mail address to us or to a company we have partnered with to make their products and services available to you, we may send you e-mail offers. We may also send you e-mail offers if you have provided your e-mail address to a third party and have actively chosen or requested, on an opt-in basis, to receive e-mail offers from other parties.
We may send you offers on behalf of our business partners. When we send e-mails to you, we may be able to identify information about your e-mail address, such as whether you can read graphic-rich HTML e-mails. If your e-mail address is HTML-enabled, we may choose to send you graphic-rich HTML e-mails.
Information Sharing and Disclosure:
Dosatronusa.com will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. Dosatronusa.com may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Dosatron International to provide a product or service to you. Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us; or we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
Dosatronusa.com may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our website.
×
Dosatron's e-blasts are the perfect way to keep up with important product updates, tips and news for your specific industry. Just fill out the form below to be added to our subscription list.
* indicates required
Email Address
*
North America - Select Your Industry
Irrigation
Hydroponics - Nutrient Delivery
Poultry - Animal Health
Swine - Animal Health
Other - Animal Health
Vehicle Wash
Food Safety & Sanitation
Printing
Metal Processing
Drinking Water Treatment
Hemp
Other
America Latina - Seleccione su Industria
Irrigación - LAM
Hidroponia - LAM
Salud Animal Pollo- LAM
Salud Animal Cerdo - LAM
Salud Animal Otra - LAM
Lavado de Vehículos - LAM
Tratamiento de Agua Potable - LAM
Higiene & Seguridad de los Alimentos - LAM
Procesamiento del Metal - LAM
Imprenta - LAM
Cáñamo - LAM
Ota - LAM
First Name
Last Name
Company
Please note: Information provided using this form will be used to process your request only. Dosatron will not share or sell your personal information to any third-party vendor. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for a complete overview of how Dosatron uses personal information provided to us.