http://www.omni-site.net/privacy-policy/
Top MenuGuardDog
Products
The OmniAdvantage Plan
Contact
Company
Partners
Support
Employee Portal
Total Telemetry Tools (T3)
Monitoring Solutions
Landfill
Wastewater
Water Distribution
Products / Services
Where To Buy
Activate Your Device
Home  >  Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Last Updated: January 3, 2018
We at OmniSite (“OmniSite” or “we”) take your privacy seriously. To that end, we have enacted the following Privacy Policy that details what information we collect, how we use it and how we protect it. This Privacy Policy is intended for users of and applies to the access and use of www.omnisite.com, www.guarddog.omnisite.com, and GuardDog iPhone and Android Apps (“Website”). If you feel that this Website is not following the stated Privacy Policy, please contact us immediately via the methods provided below.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
OmniSite collects certain information in order to optimize your experience on our Website when purchasing products and services, registering and activating your products and services, participating in promotions, newsletters and other activities, or otherwise communicating with us. OmniSite collects both personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information from users of Website.
We may use the information we collect to notify you about changes to the Website including to any terms and conditions or policy; however, any changes will be posted to this page and as such you should routinely check back to this page for updates. We will also use your information to respond to you if you contact us. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you in the future to tell you about specials and new products or services.
This Website does not seek out, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from, children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may only use this Website under the supervision of your parent(s) or guardian(s).
Personally Identifiable Information
When you order and/or create an account, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, billing address, credit-card number and expiration date. This allows us to process and ship your orders, notify you of your order status, and follow-up on your order. We will also use this information to contact you about your account and products and services including renewal of cellular service. We do not sell, rent or trade your personally identifiable information to third parties.
However, OmniSite may use third parties to help us complete orders and provide marketing services, such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring site activity, conducting surveys and administering emails. If any personally identifiable information is provided to any of these third parties, we will require that such information be maintained by them in strictest confidence.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
As is true of most websites, when you visit our Website, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. We gather technical information about your computer such as your IP address, operating system, domain name, browser type, pages visited, manner of connection to the Internet, and referring URL. We collect this information in aggregate to improve the design and content of our Website.
Cookies
We use “cookies”. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our Website and identify repeat visitors to our Website. We use cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, and record past activity at our Website in order to provide better service when visitors return to our Website. These cookies may be used by third-party vendors to serve ads on websites across the internet based on past visits to our Website. If you would like to opt-out of our third party vendor network please visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Please note that opting out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the company or companies from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns.
If you prefer not to accept cookies, you can set your browser to either disallow cookies all together or have a browser alert you when a website is using a cookie. The exact method of disabling cookies varies depending on the browser you are using. Please consult the ‘Help’ option in your browser for specific directions. Please note that if you reject or block all cookies in your browser settings, you will not be able to take full advantage of our Website and services as some cookies are necessary for the Website to function properly.
Your Access to and Control Over Your Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our Website and listed below:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, OmniSite may link to websites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with OmniSite, OmniSite has no control over these linked websites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of OmniSite. These linked websites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, OmniSite seeks to protect the integrity of its Website and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own Website, but for websites it links to as well, including if a specific link does not work.
Information Sharing
We use outside companies to ship orders, provide live chat capability, and process credit card payments. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order and providing customer service. We do not sell, rent or trade your personally identifiable information to third parties.
How We Protect Your Information
When you submit sensitive information via the Website, your information is protected both online and offline. When we collect sensitive information, such as credit card data, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our Website.
Changes to Privacy Policy
From time to time we may change this Privacy Policy. Any changes will be posted on this page and the effective date above will be updated to reflect the revision date. By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by OmniSite. Your continued use of the Website after any change to this Privacy Policy is made constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy and any such change thereto. Any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Website Use, including limitations on liability and damages, application of the laws of the State of Indiana as well as jurisdiction and venue for dispute resolution.
How to Contact Us About Privacy Policy
We can be reached via email at webmaster@omnisite.com; via telephone at 317-885-6330; and via mail at OmniSite, 203 W. Morris Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46225.
ProductsAll Products & Services
Crystal Ball
XR50
OmniBeacon
GuardDog
Tweets by OmniSiteStatus
© 2014-2020 OmniSite, All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy  /   Sitemap
/Products
/Solutions
/Partners
/Support
/Activate
/Terms
/Warranty