http://www.wpcu.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy policy
We understand the importance of protecting the privacy of our members. As such, we are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of each member’s financial records in accordance with federal and state laws and regulations. WPCCU wants you to understand what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it. We will inform you annually about our privacy policy via the mail and online.
Our website creates a temporary data file commonly known as a cookie. It may also track the areas of our website that you visit. We may collect information regarding the internet provider from which you are connecting to our website, such as AOL or MSN. We may also track the website from which you linked to our site. This information is used statistically and not to identify individuals.
Our policy applies to both current and former WPCCU members, and addresses the disclosure of personal information about you that may not be available in public records. We use the term “affiliate” and “non-affiliate” to describe companies with which we may share your information. An “affiliate company” is one which the credit union owns or over which we have control. A “non-affiliate” is a third party with whom we have a business or marketing relationship, and performs services on our or your behalf.
Information WPCCU collects about you
WPCCU collects information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;
Information we obtain when verifying the information we receive from you;
Information about your transactions with us.
Generally, we may share all information we collect about you as described above with nonaffiliated third parties to complete transactions and maintain accounts and related records (such as data processing transactions and records, and credit reporting records). We may also share such information with select nonaffiliated third parties if: 1) you request or authorize it; 2) the information is provided to help complete a transaction initiated by you; 3) the disclosure otherwise is lawfully required or permitted.
Because of the limited way we share information with nonaffiliated third parties, we are not required to provide you with the opportunity to opt-out from disclosure of information to nonaffiliated third parties.
Employee access
We restrict access to your personal information only to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you, or to maintain your account. Our employees access information about you when needed to administer your accounts to provide requested services, or in response to a legally valid outside request or order, such a subpoena. In addition, our employees may also access information to exercise the credit union’s rights under the law or pursuant to any agreement with you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
Disclosure about former members
We will not share information collected about former members, except as may be permitted by law.
Internet privacy policy
From time to time we enter into business relationships with various businesses who offer goods and services that we think may be of interest to you. We will send promotional emails and notifications to your email address in our records as long as you are an online banking customer of ours. We do not share your information with these businesses. You may "opt-out" of receiving these promotional emails and notifications by calling us at 800-300-9728.
How we use cookies
While you browse the wpcu.org website, a session cookie will identify only your IP address for the purpose of tracking your use of the site, and that data is destroyed on your computer when the session expires, or you log out. We do not collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time, or across third-party websites, or through other online services. However, if you become a registered user on the website with a designated User ID and password such as when using Online Banking, Bill Pay, or when completing a WPCCU AnyTime Loan application, you must accept certain cookies as they are essential for storing your session data, and for site administration and security. While WPCCU will store a cookie on your computer that records your member preferences so that we can provide personalized information that we believe will be of value to you, we DO NOT permit a cookie to be placed on your computer to store your name and password. Should you choose to apply for a loan online through AnyTime Loan, be aware that we will treat that application as we do a standard, in-person loan application, following all policies and procedures established for loan applications, including credit checks, employment verification, etc. Our online forms that do not require you to register will post the information you provide to us to our secure application system, and some personal information will reside on our system for those posts. The data, however, is PGP encrypted, and is accessible only by authorized WPCCU staff and the content developers at our web host provider, CU Solutions.
Changes to our policy
We reserve the right to revise our privacy policy as our business needs change or as the law requires. If we revise our policies, we will provide our members with notification of new policies at that time.
See WPCCU's annual privacy disclosure notice here.
California Consumer Privacy Act “CCPA”
Request to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information
Open Accessibility Panel
We are committed to providing a fully accessible and optimized user experience for all site visitors, regardless of vision or other impairments.
Toggle High Contrast
The contrast between foreground and background text will increase. Non-essential images will be removed.
Hide Accessibilty Settings
Remove the accessibility icon while viewing the site.