http://www.pmigroup.com/legal/pmiprivacy.html
ABOUT US|
CAREERS|
CONTACT US|
LOGIN e-PMI
Type Size:
A
A
A
SERVICERS
Services
Policy Servicing  »
Loss Mitigation  »
Claims & Default Reporting  »
e-PMI Servicing  »
Announcements
Servicing Announcements  »
Resources
Servicing Contacts  »
HOMEOWNERS
Homeownership
Benefits of MI  »
Homebuyer Education  »
Homebuyer Q&A  »
Foreclosure Assistance
Foreclosure Facts  »
Foreclosure Alternatives  »
Foreclosure Help  »
HARP
FORMS
Policy Servicing »
Loss Mitigation  »
Claims »
HARP / RTM  »
Assumptions  »
PMI Privacy Policy
Home > Legal > PMI Privacy Policy
PMI Privacy Policy
Effective January 1, 2020
PMI Mortgage Insurance Co., in Rehabilition, including its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as "PMI,") is committed to complying with applicable information privacy and security laws. PMI has prepared this Privacy Policy (this "Policy") in order to explain how it collects, uses and protects Private Information it obtains about consumers in the course of providing products and services to its customers and to consumers where applicable.
SCOPE OF THIS POLICY
This Policy applies to personal information relating to an identifiable consumer collected by PMI, whether PMI obtains the information (i) either directly from the consumer, (ii) or from one of PMI's commercial customers, (iii) or otherwise obtains such information in the normal course of PMI’s provision of financial products or services ("Private Information").
This Policy does not apply to information pertaining to employees of PMI or any service provider or commercial entity.
This Policy is intended to govern all PMI directors, officers, employees, contractors, vendors and any other person whom PMI authorizes to access such information, except where such access is pursuant to specific legal authority.
TYPES OF PRIVATE INFORMATION COLLECTED BY PMI
Private Information generally refers to information that can be used to identify or contact a specific borrower such as a social security number, name, address, telephone number, or email address. This information is classified as “Sensitive Personal” information under PMI’s internal Information Security and Data Privacy Policy, which provides guidance to PMI employees regarding handling of Private Information and other information.
For individuals who are California residents, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires certain disclosures about the categories of personal information we collect and the third parties with whom we share it. Depending on how you interact with us, PMI may collect the following categories of information as summarized in the table below.
Categories of Personal Information PMI Collects
Categories of Third Parties with Which PMI Share that Information
Identifiers (name, address, email address, social security number, driver’s license number or other similar identifiers)
Affiliates
Third party service providers
Commercial Information (mortgage transaction data)
Affiliates
Third party service providers
Internet or Other Network Activity (interaction with PMI’s internet website)
Affiliates
Third party service providers
Location Information (inferred from IP address)
Affiliates
Third party service providers
Professional or Employment-Related Data
Affiliates
Third party service providers
Legally Protected Classifications (including gender and marital status)
Affiliates
Third party service providers
Other Information that Identifies or Can Be Reasonably Associated with You
Affiliates
Third party service providers
SOURCES OF PRIVATE INFORMATION
Requests for products and services from PMI, which originate from a consumer’s financial institution, will normally involve the transfer of Private Information from the financial institution to PMI. In the course of providing services, PMI may receive additional Private Information from third party sources, such as credit reporting agencies, investigators, attorneys, and other service providers, or from consumers themselves.
CONSUMER ACCESS AND ACCURACY
Individuals may access their Private Information held by PMI by contacting the Compliance Officer at the address listed below to make a request in writing or by calling PMI’s toll free number, or through PMI’s website, also listed below. In order to obtain access to the information in PMI’s records, requesting parties will be required to verify their identity. If any Private Information held by PMI is found to be inaccurate, PMI will, upon notice to and consent by the individual to whom the Private Information relates, and the provider of the information, make any necessary corrections to the Private Information.
PMI has internal controls to keep Private Information as accurate and complete as possible. If a PMI customer believes that any information about one of its consumers is inaccurate, please inform PMI immediately.
DISCLOSURE OF PRIVATE INFORMATION BY PMI
Under some circumstances, PMI may need to disclose the Private Information of a PMI customer’s consumer to third parties to provide services as a part of PMI’s servicing of its mortgage insurance policies and processing of claims. When PMI does so, PMI will use caution and prudence in the selection of responsible third parties; however, PMI’s customers and their consumers will not be a party to the agreement with that third party. PMI will require the third party to use Private Information only for the agreed upon purpose and not transfer it further. Additionally, the third party will be required to maintain the privacy and security of the shared information in a manner consistent with PMI’s internal Information Security and Data Privacy Policy.
Notice to California Residents:
All of the categories of personal information we collect about you (as detailed above) are used for the following purposes:
Providing mortgage insurance services.
For our operational purposes, and the operational purposes of our service providers and affiliates.
Detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents and fraudulent or illegal activity.
Other uses that advance our commercial or economic interests, including servicing policies, account administration and management, risk and compliance management, and human resources.
INFORMATION SECURITY
Whether in paper or electronic form, Private Information is subject to physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, and will be stored, transmitted and disposed of in accordance with the provisions of PMI’s Information Security and Data Privacy Policy applicable to Private Information. PMI restricts access to this information to just those persons who are specifically authorized to know the information.
PMI uses a high degree of care to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of Private Information in its possession. In part, through a third-party service provider, PMI seeks to ensure that technological, organizational and physical safeguards commensurate with the sensitivity of the Private Information it collects are implemented to protect against unauthorized or inadvertent collection, use and disclosure of such Private Information.
PMI will restrict access to Private Information to only those individuals who have a need-to-know the information in order to provide the financial products or services requested or as necessary to operate PMI’s business. Employees who have access to a consumer’s Private Information are required to protect it and keep it private.
RETENTION OF PRIVATE INFORMATION
Except as is required to fulfill legal/regulatory requirements or as necessary to maintain the integrity of PMI’s books and records, Private Information will be returned or securely destroyed consistent with applicable law, when it is no longer in use or needed for archival purposes.
NOTIFICATION IN THE EVENT OF UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE
In the event PMI discovers, or has a reasonable belief, that unencrypted Private Information maintained by PMI has been acquired or accessed by an unauthorized individual, PMI will notify the provider of the Private Information. If the provider is a business customer, PMI expects that such customer will notify consumers to the extent such notification is required by law.
CALIFORNIA RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Subject to certain restrictions and exceptions, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you, to delete any personal information that we collected from or maintain about you, and to opt-out of the sale of personal information about you. As a California resident, you also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests.
Accessing and Deleting Your Personal Information
Right to request access to personal information - California residents have the right to request that we disclose what categories of personal information we collect about you. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to request deletion of personal information - You may also request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from/about you. However, we may retain personal information as authorized under applicable law, such as personal information required as necessary to provide our services, protect our business and systems from fraudulent activity, to debug and identify errors that impair existing functionality, for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations.
How to exercise your privacy rights
California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by submitting a request here or you may also call us at 800-963-8849.
For security purposes, we may request additional information from you to verify your identity when you request to exercise your California privacy rights.
Sale of Personal Information
California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. PMI does not “sell” personal information as we understand that term to be defined under the CCPA.
Non-Discrimination Rights
California residents have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising their rights as described in this section. PMI will not discriminate against you for exercising rights under applicable law.
ADMINISTRATION OF PRIVACY POLICY
PMI’s Special Deputy Receiver, along with PMI’s Compliance Officer, administers PMI’s policies and procedures for handling Private Information. Additionally, PMI appoints employees working in various capacities to oversee implementation of policies and procedures and to advise the Special Deputy Receiver.
Compliance with this Policy is the responsibility of every PMI employee. To that end, PMI provides notice to all employees of the contents of this Policy, and provides periodic training to employees on how to comply with PMI’s policies and with applicable law.
PERIODIC REVIEW OF PRIVACY POLICY
In addition to PMI’s periodic evaluation of its own policies and procedures and compliance therewith, from time to time, PMI engages the services of experts, including certified public accounting firms and consultants, to review PMI’s policies, procedures and compliance therewith, as well as with applicable law. Any deficiencies are reported to the Compliance Officer and the Special Deputy Receiver, as appropriate. Remedial measures will be implemented by PMI based on the findings of such reviews, where appropriate.
NOTICE OF PMI’s PRIVACY POLICY AND INQUIRIES
This Policy may change from time to time, and the Policy, as changed, will be posted on the PMI website. Private Information collected will be used and disclosed in accordance with the Policy in effect at the time of use or disclosure.
If you have any questions related to this policy, please contact us at ComplianceTeam@pmigroup.com or by phone at 800-963-8849.
About PMI
Leadership
Contact Us Online
Thank you for your interest in PMI Mortgage Insurance Co., in Rehabilitation. To contact us, please submit the Information Request Form.
Corporate Mailing Address
PMI Plaza
3003 Oak Road
Walnut Creek, CA 94597
(800) 288-1970
Phone Inquiries
e-PMI Origination  »(877) 764-ePMI (3764)
e-PMI Servicing/Policy Servicing  »(800) 366-1143
Loss Mitigation  »(800) 685-4PMI (4764)
Claims & Default Reporting  »(800) 795-4PMI (4764)
All fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required to be filled.
My inquiry is related to:
Select a Topic
Underwriting/Guidelines
Loss Mitigation
Claims
Policy Servicing
Sales Reps
Customer Training
Homebuyers Education
Public Relations
Website Feedback
*First Name:
*Last Name:
*E-mail:
*Primary Phone:
*City:
State:
--Select a State--
NONE
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Company Name:
Questions or Comments:
Thank you for your inquiry.
Contact Us
Terms of Use
PMI Privacy
Careers
Purchase Order Terms
Share:
©
PMI Mortgage Insurance Co., in Rehabilitation