https://www.grindmaster.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Cookie Policy of Electrolux Professional AB
This document informs Users about the technologies that help this Application to achieve the purposes described below. Such technologies allow the Owner to access and store information (for example by using a Cookie) or use resources (for example by running a script) on a User’s device as they interact with this Application.
For simplicity, all such technologies are defined as "Trackers" within this document – unless there is a reason to differentiate. For example, while Cookies can be used on both web and mobile browsers, it would be inaccurate to talk about Cookies in the context of mobile apps as they are a browser-based Tracker. For this reason, within this document, the term Cookies is only used where it is specifically meant to indicate that particular type of Tracker.
Some of the purposes for which Trackers are used may also require the User's consent. Whenever consent is given, it can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document. This Application uses Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers). Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them. The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider. Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session. In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information – such as the presence of other Trackers - in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner.
To find more information dedicated to Californian consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy.
Activities strictly necessary for the operation of this Application and delivery of the Service This Application uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service. Third-party Trackers
Managing landing and invitation pages
This type of service helps with building and managing landing and invitation pages, i.e., pages for presenting a product or service, where you may add your contact information such as an email address. Managing these pages means that these services will handle the Personal Data collected through the pages, including Usage Data. Mailchimp Landing Page (The Rocket Science Group LLC) Mailchimp Landing Page is a landing page management service provided by The Rocket Science Group LLC, that allows this Application to collect the email addresses of Users interested in its service. Mailchimp Landing Page allows the Owner to track and analyze the User response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure, text or any other component of the created landing pages. Personal Data processed: address, company name, Cookies, country, date of birth, email address, first name, gender, last name, phone number, profession, Usage Data and username. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
SPAM protection
This type of service analyzes the traffic of this Application, potentially containing Users' Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM. Google reCAPTCHA
Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from. The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy; Ireland – Privacy Policy.
Other activities involving the use of Trackers Basic interactions & functionalities This Application uses Trackers to enable basic interactions and functionalities, allowing Users to access selected features of the Service and facilitating the User's communication with the Owner.
Interaction with live chat platforms
This type of service allows Users to interact with third-party live chat platforms directly from the pages of this Application, for contacting and being contacted by this Application support service. If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. Moreover, live chat conversations may be logged. Salesforce Live Agent (Salesforce.com, inc.) Salesforce Live Agent is a service for interacting with the Salesforce live chat platform provided by Salesforce.com, inc. Personal Data processed: address, company name, Cookies, country, Data communicated while using the service, email address, first name, last name, phone number and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Tag Management
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on this Application in a centralized fashion. This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data. Segment (Segment Inc.) Segment is a tag management service provided by Segment.io, Inc. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Experience enhancement This Application uses Trackers to provide a personalized user experience by improving the quality of preference management options, and by enabling interaction with external networks and platforms.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them. This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it. YouTube video widget
YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy; Ireland – Privacy Policy.
Google Maps widget
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy; Ireland – Privacy Policy.
Google Site Search
Google Site Search is a search engine embedding service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy; Ireland – Privacy Policy.
Interaction with data collection platforms and other third parties
This type of service allows Users to interact with data collection platforms or other services directly from the pages of this Application for the purpose of saving and reusing data. If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. Mailchimp widget (The Rocket Science Group LLC) The Mailchimp widget is a service for interacting with the Mailchimp email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group LLC. Personal Data processed: Cookies, email address, first name, last name, phone number and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application. The interaction and information obtained through this Application are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network. This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it. It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on this Application isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile. LinkedIn button and social widgets (LinkedIn Corporation) The LinkedIn button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the LinkedIn social network provided by LinkedIn Corporation. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Twitter Tweet button and social widgets (Twitter, Inc.) The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.) The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Measurement This Application uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyze User behavior with the goal of improving the Service.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out; Ireland – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Google Ads conversion tracking
Google Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, that connects data from the Google Ads advertising network with actions performed on this Application. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy; Ireland – Privacy Policy.
Google Analytics Demographics and Interests reports
Google Analytics Demographics and Interests reports is a Google Advertising Reporting feature that makes available demographic and interests Data inside Google Analytics for this Application (demographics means age and gender Data). Users can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings. Personal Data processed: Cookies and unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example). Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out; Ireland – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Salesforce Analytics Cloud (Salesforce.com, inc.) Salesforce Analytics Cloud is an analytics service provided by salesforce.com, inc. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Wordpress Stats (Automattic Inc.) Wordpress Stats is an analytics service provided by Automattic Inc. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
LinkedIn conversion tracking (LinkedIn Insight Tag) (LinkedIn Corporation) LinkedIn conversion tracking (LinkedIn Insight Tag) is an analytics and behavioral targeting service provided by LinkedIn Corporation that connects data from the LinkedIn advertising network with actions performed on this Application. The LinkedIn Insight Tag tracks conversions that can be attributed to LinkedIn ads and enables to target groups of Users on the base of their past use of this Application. Users may opt out of behavioral targeting features through their device settings, their LinkedIn account settings or by visiting the AdChoices opt-out page. Personal Data processed: device information, Tracker and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Analytics services managed directly by this Application
The services contained in this section allow the Owner to collect and manage analytics through the use of first-party Trackers. Analytics collected directly (this Application) This Application uses an internal analytics system that does not involve third parties. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Anonymized analytics services
The services contained in this section allow the Owner, through the use of third-party Trackers, to collect and manage analytics in an anonymized form. Google Analytics with anonymized IP
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address. It works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out; Ireland – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)
The services contained in this section allow the Owner to track and analyze the User response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure, text or any other component of this Application. Google Optimize
Google Optimize is an A/B testing service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, ("Google"). Google may use Personal Data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy; Ireland – Privacy Policy.
Targeting & Advertising This Application uses Trackers to deliver personalized marketing content based on User behavior and to operate, serve and track ads.
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies or other Identifiers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general. Facebook Lookalike Audience (Facebook, Inc.) Facebook Lookalike Audience is an advertising and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that uses Data collected through Facebook Custom Audience in order to display ads to Users with similar behavior to Users who are already in a Custom Audience list on the base of their past use of this Application or engagement with relevant content across the Facebook apps and services. On the base of these Data, personalized ads will be shown to Users suggested by Facebook Lookalike Audience. Users can opt out of Facebook's use of cookies for ads personalization by visiting this opt-out page. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Google Ad Manager
Google Ad Manager is an advertising service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, that allows the Owner to run advertising campaigns in conjunction with external advertising networks that the Owner, unless otherwise specified in this document, has no direct relationship with. In order to opt out from being tracked by various advertising networks, Users may make use of Youronlinechoices. In order to understand Google's use of data, consult Google's partner policy. This service uses the “DoubleClick” Cookie, which tracks use of this Application and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered.   Users may decide to disable all the DoubleClick Cookies by going to: Google Ad Settings. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy; Ireland – Privacy Policy.
Google Ads Similar audiences
Similar audiences is an advertising and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, that uses Data from Google Ads Remarketing in order to display ads to Users with similar behavior to Users who are already on the remarketing list due to their past use of this Application. On the basis of this Data, personalized ads will be shown to Users suggested by Google Ads Similar audiences. Users who don't want to be included in Similar audiences can opt out and disable the use of advertising cookies by going to: Google Ad Settings. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out; Ireland – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
salesforce.com (salesforce.com, inc.) salesforce.com is an advertising service provided by salesforce.com, inc. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This type of service allows this Application and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Application by the User. This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity. Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists. In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general. Facebook Remarketing (Facebook, Inc.) Facebook Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Facebook advertising network. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
LinkedIn Website Retargeting (LinkedIn Corporation) LinkedIn Website Retargeting is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by LinkedIn Corporation that connects the activity of this Application with the LinkedIn advertising network. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Facebook Custom Audience (Facebook, Inc.) Facebook Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Facebook advertising network. Users can opt out of Facebook's use of cookies for ads personalization by visiting this opt-out page. Personal Data processed: Cookies and email address. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Google Ad Manager Audience Extension
Google Ad Manager Audience Extension is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, that tracks the visitors of this Application and allows selected advertising partners to display targeted ads across the web to them. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out; Ireland – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Google Ads Remarketing
Google Ads Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, that connects the activity of this Application with the Google Ads advertising network and the DoubleClick Cookie. Users can opt out of Google's use of cookies for ads personalization by visiting Google's Ads Settings. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out; Ireland – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Remarketing with Google Analytics
Remarketing with Google Analytics is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, that connects the tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the Google Ads advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out; Ireland – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Salesforce Audience Studio (Salesforce.com, inc.) Salesforce Audience Studio is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Salesforce.com, inc. Salesforce Audience Studio makes use of tracking technologies to monitor User behavior. This Data is then used to personalize the User's experience and to provide targeted advertising. Salesforce Audience Studio may also connect the collected Data with other networks, including advertising networks, and enable these parties to track and target the User. The Owner, unless otherwise specified in this document, has no direct relationship with the third parties that Salesforce Audience Studio may be including. Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent There are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant: Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers. Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available. It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent. Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history. With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party. Locating Tracker Settings Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses:
Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer Microsoft Edge Brave Opera
Users may also manage certain categories of Trackers used on mobile apps by opting out through relevant device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices, or tracking settings in general (Users may open the device settings, view and look for the relevant setting). Advertising industry specific opt-outs Notwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided by YourOnlineChoices (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Owner and Data Controller Electrolux Professional AB Group Privacy Office S:t Goransgatan 143 112 17 Stockholm Sweden privacy@electroluxprofessional.com www.electroluxprofessional.com/data-privacy-statement/ Owner contact email: privacy@electroluxprofessional.com Since the use of third-party Trackers through this Application cannot be fully controlled by the Owner, any specific references to third-party Trackers are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, Users are kindly requested to consult the privacy policies of the respective third-party services listed in this document. Given the objective complexity surrounding tracking technologies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of such technologies by this Application.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data) Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person. Usage Data Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment. User The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject. Data Subject The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers. Data Processor (or Data Supervisor) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy. Data Controller (or Owner) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application. This Application The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed. Service The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application. European Union (or EU) Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area. Cookie Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser. Tracker Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation). This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Your browser is out-of-date!
Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update my browser now
×
Compare Products
(0/4)
Close
Open
No products to compare.
Maximum comparable products reached.
Clear
Compare these products