https://www.newgate.uk.com/terms-and-policies/environmental-policy/
Home  /  Terms and Policies  /  Environmental PolicyEnvironmental PolicyNewgate (Newark) Ltd recognises the importance and the need for the development of operational practices that will continue towards an improved environment.
The company will conform with the requirements of The Environmental Protection Act 1990, Control of Pollution Act 1974 and the Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Regulations 2002 (COSHH) and pursue environmentally responsible and eco-efficient methods of operating to promote improved standards of working, whilst maintaining the highest quality production. In order to achieve its objective Newgate (Newark) Ltd will endeavour to:
To meet the requirements and comply with or improve on the standards required under current Legislation.
To give full co-operation to statutory bodies administering environmental legislation.
Ensure that management personal familiarise themselves with the requirements of relevant Legislation.
Provide instructions to all personnel to enable them to contribute towards the implementation of this policy.
Encourage every employee to act in an environmentally responsible manner.
Work towards the attainment of an appropriate environmental system.
Plan company undertakings, set objectives and targets for environmental improvements
Ensure that environmental issues are considered in the decision making process.
Endeavour to ensure that contractors working for Newgate (Newark) Ltd. contribute towards the company’s environmental objectives.
Ensure Noise is reduced to a practical minimum.
Monitor the natural resources utilised by the company to ensure they are used as efficiently as is practicable
Ensure that raw materials and waste products are managed effectively so as to minimise possible adverse effect on the environment.
Ensure all waste products are removed from site and disposed of in accordance with Newgate (Newark) Ltd’s Policy
All Cardboard and Plastics are to be bailed and disposed of in accordance with Newgate (Newark) Ltd’s Policy.
Consider environmental criteria when purchasing new plant, construction materials and products to ensure they will be acceptable to Newgate (Newark) Ltd and its customers.
Ensure that waste products are disposed of in accordance with best practice and whenever,practicable seek to enhance waste re-use, recycling and the use of recycled materials in accordance with construction and quality standards. eg Cardboard and Plastics
Consider the concerns of local communities and other interested parties.
Ensure the efficient use of resources energy and fuel throughout company operations.
Provide necessary resources to ensure the effective implementation of this policy.
Periodically review this policy to ensure that it continues to reflect the requirements and expectations of society and that it meets the requirements of legislation.
Conduct regular environmental audits.
Employees at all levels have an important part to play in the success of this policy.
Newgate (Newark) Ltd will in respect of the company’s undertaking endeavour to co-operate with clients and regulatory bodies and other interested parties in the common objective of improving our working and living environment.
Related LinksTerms and Conditions of Sale
Terms and Conditions of Installation
General Statement of Intent
Health & Safety Signage
Gate Safety
Unsafe and Poorly Maintained Gates
Environmental Policy
Privacy Policy
Corruption and Bribery Policy
Equal Opportunities Policy
Contact Us
Please leave this field empty.
-- Enquiry Type --General EnquirySalesService
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Our ProductsSecurity BarriersSecurity GatesTurnstilesDrive UnitsRoad BlockersAccess Control SystemsAccessoriesCan't find what you're looking for?
Our team can design and build truly unique products, tailored to your exact specifications. If you have a specialist requirement, please contact the team at Newgate today.
Contact the TeamMenuHomepage
Contact Us
Barriers
Barriers Overview
Rising Arm Barriers
Automatic Rising Arm Barriers
Manual Rising Arm Barriers
Rising Arm Bridge Barriers
Height Restriction Barriers
Manual Swing Arm Barriers
Smart Parking Barrier
Gates
Gates Overview
Swing Gates
Automatic Swing Gates
Manual Swing Gates
Bi-folding Swing Gates
Sliding Security Gates
Manual Sliding Gates
Automatic Sliding Gates
Pedestrian Gates
Manual Pedestrian Gates
Semi Automatic Pedestrian Gates
Fully Automatic Pedestrian Gates
Road Blockers
Turnstiles
Turnstiles Overview
Single Rotor Turnstiles
Twin Rotor Turnstiles
Tripod Turnstiles
Drive Units
Drive Units Overview
Drive Units for Swing Gates
Drive Units for Sliding Gates
Access Control Systems
Accessories
About Us
Our Profile
Our Team
Job Vacancies
Accreditations
Credit Account Application
Insurance Details
Distributors Wanted
Guarantees & Warranties
Maintenance
Product Servicing
Product Repairs
Product Maintenance
Request an Engineer
Custom Security Solutions
Custom Barrier Design
Custom Gate Design
Specialist Market Sectors
Airports
Caravan and Holiday Parks
Car Parks
Council Parks
Industrial
Ports and Harbours
Retail
Schools and Education
Stadiums and Sports Grounds
Supermarkets
Theme Parks
Resources
FAQs
Gate Safety Guide
RAL Colour Chart
Maintenance Manuals
Gate Force Testing
Case Studies
News & Events
Blog
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you