http://www.icecomponents.com/privacy-policy
Contact UsUse the form on the right to contact us.You can edit the text in this area, and change where the contact form on the right submits to, by entering edit mode using the modes on the bottom right.
1165 Allgood Road Northeast,
Suite 20
Marietta, GA, 30062
United States
(678) 560-9172
sales@icecomp.com
Home
Magnetics
Gate Drive Transformers
Current Sense Transformers
SMT High Current Inductors
Fixed Inductors
Custom Magnetics
Current Sensors
ISB Series
ISE-A-800 Series
ISD-P15 Series
Power Designs
Resources
Company Information
Press Releases
Failure Rate Calculation
Contact Us
Info
Email
Search
Privacy Policy | ICE Components, Inc.
PRIVACY POLICYAt ICE Components, Inc., we are committed to protecting your privacy and providing a secure online experience. You can access our web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data. However, while visiting the ICE Components, Inc. site, we may ask you to register and/or provide information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information") for purposes of interacting with our site, including requesting samples and custom quotes.ICE Components, Inc. uses your Personal Information to process requests for product samples and custom quotes, as well as assist you with other customer service needs. If you choose not to give us your Personal Information, you can still use most of this site. You merely will not be able to make online requests for samples or submit requests for custom quotes.ICE Components, Inc. will not share your personal information with any outside organizations. At times, we may send you e-mail or postal mail regarding ICE Components, Inc. or its services. If you do not wish to receive these communications from ICE Components, Inc., you may "opt out" at the time you give us your Personal Information.PERSONAL INFORMATION ICE COMPONENTS, INC. COLLECTSDuring registration, www.icecomponents.com asks you for a user name, password, your name, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address, company name, and addresses. This information is a mandatory requirement during registration. Once you register you are no longer anonymous to www.icecomponents.com and are able to take full advantage of the site. If you are requesting a custom product quote, we will request further information in order to fulfill your request.If you have further questions about the Privacy Policy of ICE Components, Inc., please contact us at custserv@icecomp.com or 800.729.2099.
HOME
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use