http://www.plasticsuppliers.com/privacy
Plastic Suppliers
HOME
PRODUCTS
OPERATIONS & CERTIFICATIONS
SIDAPLAX
LATEST NEWS
ABOUT US
Overview
Innovation
Industry Associations
Leadership
Sustainability
LOCATIONS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
LinkedIn
Privacy
Plastic Supplies never sells or gives your contact information to anyone.
Effective Date of this Policy: July 1, 2020.
Introduction
Plastic Suppliers, Inc. and its Belgium subsidiary, Sidaplax V.OF.[Sidaplax] (collectively, “PSI”, “we,” “us,” or “our”) offer products and services (collectively “Services”) to our customers, website visitors, and users (“you”). We also own this website, plasticsuppliers.com (the “Site”), to help us provide these Services to you. We sometimes collect Personal Information to provide information and Services that you request, and to better understand our customer’s wants and needs. Personal Information is information that specifically identifies an individual. Personal Information can include, but is not limited to, your name, address, e-mail address, and phone number. Personal Information also includes the specific types of information defined under locally applicable law.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of your information. Please take a moment to read this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to understand how we collect, use, store, and delete Personal Information about you when you visit and/or use the website. This Policy applies only to the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of Personal Information collected through the Site and does not apply to any other data or information collected by us online or offline except to the extent this Policy is expressly incorporated by us,  such as by internet link on a website, reference within a contract, or otherwise presented or displayed to end users in the course of providing Services.
Policy Integration
This Privacy Policy is part of the Website Terms of Use and other applicable agreements, policies, and procedures that govern your use of the Site. A link to our Website Terms of Use is also provided at the bottom of each page within this website and can also be found here: https://www.plasticsuppliers.com/terms.
This Privacy Policy incorporates our Cookie Notice, which is accessible from a notice presented to users of the website and/or Services and can be accessed here: https://www.plasticsuppliers.com/cookies.
What Types of Information Do We Collect?
Information You Voluntarily Provide
PSI collects Personal Information you and others voluntarily provide when you use the website and Services. For example, you may supply your email account and product interests on forms you fill out to interact with our business units.  Also, you may provide us information when you sign up for news alerts or newsletters, or contact us with questions.
There may also be optional functions of the website, which you must provide Personal Information to use. Such optional services may include: submitting general contact forms or submitting inquiries in any form (i.e. e-mail, phone, mail, etc.).
When you provide us with Personal Information, you agree to provide accurate, complete and true information. You agree to not use a false or misleading name that you are not authorized to use.
In order to provide our Services and deliver products, we also need to collect and store Personal Information. The types of information we may collect from you may include: names, company names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, or any other information you choose to provide in connection with the Services.
Information Your Web Browser Provides
When you visit the website, we automatically collect information provided by your web browser. This information includes, but is not limited to, your device’s IP address, the pages of the website you visit, the time that your device visited, the identity of your service provider, and the name and version of your operating system, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. This passively collected data is used to administer, operate, and improve the website and Services. We may use IP addresses and device data to identify a user who is noncompliant with our Terms of Use, or to protect the site or other users.
We may also use information in the aggregate that has no personal identifying characteristics to understand aggregate user and customer behavior. Non-personally identifiable information is not treated the same as Personal Information and we may use and disclose such information for various purposes.
Cookies and Similar Technology
We use cookies and other technology to collect information, provide Services, and support features of the website. Please see our Cookie Notice, described above, which is fully incorporated with this Privacy Policy.
Please be aware that by using this website and our Services, you are also consenting to websites and other services provided by third parties to submit and store cookies on your device to passively collect information about your use of our website and Services or third party websites and services.
Information from Other Sources
We may receive information about you, including Personal Information, from third parties. We may combine this information with other Personal Information we maintain about you and such information will be handled under the terms of this Privacy Policy.
How Do We Use and Share Personal Information?
Use
We use collected Personal Information to provide information and Services you request; to operate, improve, and maintain our website and Services; to prevent fraudulent use of our systems; to enforce our Terms of Use or comply with laws; to maintain a record of how you use our platforms; for administrative purposes; and for any other purposes that we may disclose to you when we request Personal Information and your consent to use it.
We may also use Personal Information to send you marketing materials that we believe might match your interests. For example, you may occasionally receive information on products and marketing collateral. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Sharing
There may be times when we need to share your Personal Information with third parties to provide you Services, for the proper functioning of website features, to comply with the law, and for other lawful bases consistent with locally controlling laws and regulations. The occasions when we will share your Personal Information because of these reasons are explained below.
Affiliates
Plastic Suppliers, Inc., located in Columbus, Ohio and its subsidiary, Sidaplax V.O.F., located in Ghent Belgium, regularly share information to serve our customers and our other ordinary business purposes. We follow specific procedures to protect the privacy and security of your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Service Providers
We use third parties to assist us with providing our Services (for example, website hosting and development, data storage and processing, customer relationship management) and we may share your Personal Information with these third-party Service Providers to help us to serve you. We limit the amount and types of Personal Information we share with Service Providers to what they need to reasonably perform their functions. We also require Service Providers to comply with a privacy policy that is at least as restrictive as this Policy.
Business Transfers
We may disclose and transfer Personal Information to a third party in the event that a merger, acquisition, debt financing transaction, sale of our assets, other similar transaction, or if a bankruptcy, insolvency, or receivership occurs.
Legal Protection
We may disclose Personal Information if we believe we must to comply with a law, or if disclosure is in our interest to protect property or other legal rights. This may include disclosing Personal Information to enforce contracts and agreements, to protect the rights or property of others, or to help protect the security of our Service and the information of other users.
Data Retention
We store the information we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we collected it and in accordance with applicable law and legitimate business interests.
When assessing the data retention period, we take into account the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process the data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Security of Information
We have reasonable and appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of any personal information we receive about you. We maintain appropriate security standards to protect the personal information that we maintain.
Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be completely secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) we cannot control security and privacy indefinitely; (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of information or data exchanged between you and us cannot always be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or compromised when in transit by a third party.
Accuracy of Information
We strive to keep our records accurate and will make appropriate corrections when you notify us. Please let us know if there is incorrect information in any statements or other communications that you receive from us. If you would like to correct or update your personal information, please contact us by phone at 1-800-722-5577 or by email at privacy@plasticsuppliers.com.
Unsubscribing from Emails
Users who no longer wish to receive communications, may opt-out of receiving these communications by using the unsubscribe link on the website. Please note that if you choose to opt-out of receiving communications, it may take us up ten days, or possibly longer, to complete your request and you may receive communications during that period. Even if you elect to opt-out of communications, we will still send administrative communications required for us to deliver our Services (e.g., policy update notifications).
Special Disclosures
“Do Not Track” Disclosures
California and Delaware require websites accessible by users based in those states to indicate whether the website respects “Do Not Track” browser settings. We follow the standards explained in this Privacy Policy and do not interact with or implement “Do Not Track” requests.
Children
Our Services and website are not directed at children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 18 without obtaining parental consent. It is our procedure to promptly delete any Personal Information collected from a child under the age of 18 upon discovery of such a circumstance. If you believe that we may have collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 18, please contact us using the contact information at the end of this Policy and we will take appropriate steps to rectify this inadvertent collection.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a consumer located in California and we collect your personal information, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may apply to you.  In such a case, our Supplemental CCPA Privacy Notice, located at https://www.plasticsuppliers.com/CCPA will apply and will control in the event of any conflict with this general Privacy Policy.
Likewise, other California Privacy laws may apply to you in certain circumstances.
Pursuant to California Business and Professions Code Section 1798.83 (or such successor provision), as amended and supplemented, residents of California have the right to request from a business with whom the California resident has an established business relationship certain information with respect to the types of Personal Information the business shares with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.
In addition, an operator of a commercial website subject to California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 must allow California residents under age 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. If this applies to you and you wish to make such a request, your request should include a detailed description of the specific content or information to be removed. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
If you are a California resident, believe that one of the above code provisions applies to you, and would like to make such a request, you may submit a written request using the contact information located at the end of this Privacy Policy.
European Data Subjects
The European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) provides certain regulations for the processing of personal data of users who are located within the EU. The GDPR applies when an entity offers goods or services to a person located within the EU or monitors the behavior of a person if the behavior takes place in the EU.
Your GDPR Rights
Subject to any local or national law exceptions, if you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or your personal information is processed in the context of the activities of our Ghent Belgium facilities], you have certain rights:
Access. Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request a copy of the personal information we are processing about you, which we will provide to you in electronic form.
Rectification. You have the right to require that any incomplete or inaccurate personal information that we process about you is amended.
Deletion. In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we delete personal information that we process about you.  Please note that we may still retain and use any aggregated and non-personally identifiable Personal Information, and may also retain Personal Information, even after request of deletion or stopping use, as necessary to comply with our legal obligation, to resolve disputes, and enforce any agreements relating to Services.
Restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict our processing of your personal information where: (a) you believe such information to be inaccurate, (b) our processing is unlawful but you oppose the deletion of your personal information, (c) we no longer need to process such information for a particular purpose, but where we are not able to delete the data due to a legal or other obligation or because we require the information in connection with legal claims, or (d) you have objected to the processing of your personal information.
Portability. You have the right to request that we transmit the personal information we hold in respect of you to another data controller, where this is (a) personal information which you have provided to us, (b) the processing is by automated means, and (c) we are processing that information on the basis of your consent or in order to perform our obligations under a contract to you.
Objection. Where the legal justification for our processing of your personal information is our legitimate interest, you have the right to object to such processing on grounds relating to your particular situation. We will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests and rights, or if we need to continue to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim.
Withdrawing Consent. If we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. This includes cases where you wish to opt out from marketing messages that you receive from us.
Making a Complaint. You may make a complaint at any time with the national data protection authority in the EU country where you are based. We would, however, appreciate the chance to address and resolve your concerns before you approach your supervisory authority so please contact us at privacy@plasticsuppliers.com.
You may contact us at privacy@plasticsuppliers.com at any time to exercise any of the rights which apply to you. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights).
Purposes and Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Data
Our legal basis for processing your personal information may include the following:
Consent, in cases where we have sought and you have freely provided a specific, informed, and unambiguous indication of your wish to permit us to collect and process your personal information for a purpose that is compatible with the reason in which you provided the information;
Contractual necessity, in situations where you have provided your personal information so that we may perform under or take steps before entering into a contractual relationship with you;
Legitimate interests, in situations where it is reasonably necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override our interests;  and
Compliance with a legal obligation under European or member state law.
We may process your personal information for more than one legal ground depending on the specific processing purpose for which we are using your information. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal information.
Purpose
Legal Ground(s)
Legitimate Interest(s) (if applicable)
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law
Compliance with our legal obligations
N/A
Operate the Services and improve the content, functionality and usability of the Services
Our legitimate interests
Providing high quality customer service
To customize our Sites’ content and layout
Our legitimate interests
Consent (where this involves the use of cookies; please see our Cookie Notice.
Providing high quality customer service
Respond to questions, comments and requests you initiated through the Services (including our digital marketing tools)
Our legitimate interests
Providing high quality customer service
Contact you about products, services and news that we believe will be of interest to you (unless you have chosen not to receive these communications)
Our legitimate interests
Your consent
Providing high quality customer service; keeping our communications relevant, effective and of high quality;; marketing our products
Contact you with information and notices related to your use of the Services
Your consent
Our legitimate interests
Providing high quality customer service; marketing our services; fulfilling our legal and/or contractual obligations
Ensure our mailing lists are accurate, current and do not contain multiple entries for the same individual
Our legitimate interests
Compliance with our legal obligations
Providing high quality customer service; keeping our communications relevant, effective and of high quality; fulfilling our legal and/or contractual obligations; marketing our products
Monitor and analyze website navigation, trends and activities related to better understand your needs and interests
Our legitimate interests
Providing high quality customer service; keeping our communications relevant, effective and of high quality; marketing our products
Assess job applicants and make hiring decisions
Compliance with our legal obligations
Our legitimate interests
Making hiring decisions; ensuring the quality and good character of our personnel
To perform any agreement and/or contract we have with you
Contract performance
N/A
To administer and protect the security of our business and IT infrastructure, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data
Our legitimate interests
Compliance with our legal obligations
Efficiently fulfilling our legal and contractual duties; complying with regulations that apply to us; developing and improving the network security, efficiency and technical specification of our IT systems and infrastructure
As part of any proposed mergers and acquisitions involving PSI
Our legitimate interests
Expanding and developing our business; ensuring the future success of our business
To assert our rights in contracts to which we are a party and to establish, exercise or defend legal claims in which we are involved
Our legitimate interests
Contract performance
Compliance with our legal obligations
Efficiently fulfilling our legal and contractual duties; complying with regulations that apply to us; to establish, exercise or defend legal claims
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it.  Where reasonably necessary, we may also use your personal information for new purposes that are compatible with the original purpose.  If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal ground that allows us to do so.
International Data Transfers – EU/US Privacy Shield Framework
We transfer Personal Information between the EU and the United States, including Personal Information we receive from individuals residing in the EU who visit our Websites and/or who use our Services.
We transfer personal information to jurisdictions as necessary for the purposes described above. In particular, our Site is hosted on servers located in the United States. To the extent permitted by law, such submission also constitutes your consent for the cross-border transfer.
With respect to transfers from the EEA to the United States and other non-EEA jurisdictions, we implement standard contractual clauses as approved by the European Commission, and other appropriate solutions to address cross-border transfers as required or permitted by Articles 46 and 49 of the General Data Protection Regulation.  Where required by such laws, you may request a copy of the suitable mechanisms we have in place by contacting us.
Changes and Updates to this Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. The Privacy Policy will be updated on the website and the effective date can be found at the end of the Policy. Users are responsible for understanding and periodically reviewing the Privacy Policy to understand any changes that may impact them.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: privacy@plasticsuppliers.com.
Join our mailing list?
Plastic Suppliers
1-800-722-5577
Americas
Sidaplax
+32 9 210 80 10
Europe + UK
Products
Operations & Certifications
Latest News
About Us
Locations
Careers
Contact Us
Terms of use
Privacy
Cookies
CCPA
Search
LinkedIn
© 2020 plastic suppliers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Please confirm you consent to our website’s use of cookies or find out more about them here.
By continuing to use this site without changing your settings you consent to their use.
I accept