http://www.wescomresources.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy sets out how Wescom Resources Group uses and protects any information that you give Wescom Resources Group when you use this website located at wescomresources.com.
Wescom Resources Group is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What identifying information does Wescom Resources Group collect?
The level of information Wescom Resources Group collects depends on the level of your site usage. If you opt to download a free version of our software, you are required to enter your email address and name. We need this information in order to forward you the software download link.
If you make a purchase from our websiteour software, we may collect your email address, full name, and mailing address and credit card information or PayPal information. The payment is processed by a third-party secure server to ensure the safe transmission of the sensitive information. We do not store or have direct access to your payment information at any time.
Wescom Resources Group uses collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provision, billing, customer support, and research.
Wescom Resources Group does not share your email address or other personally identifying information with any third parties, except our service providers, such as credit-card payment processors, performing services on our behalf. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. The third-party service providers are subject to their respective privacy policies set forth to protect the sensitive information.
What tracking information does Wescom Resources Group collect?
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
How Wescom Resources stores its data
We take appropriate physical, electronic, software related and other security measures to help safeguard personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure.
What data can be disclosed
Wescom Resources Group may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances in order to comply with valid legal processes. In addition, Wescom Resources Group may disclose certain information to our service providers, such as credit-card payment processors, performing services on our behalf. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. The third-party service providers are subject to their respective privacy policies set forth to protect the sensitive information.
Email Contact
Wescom Resources Group will not share your email information with third parties, except our service providers, such as credit-card payment processors or e-mail distribution service providers performing services on our behalf. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. The third-party service providers are subject to their respective privacy policies set forth to protect the sensitive information.
When you download the free version of the software Wescom Resources Group collects your email address. We may occasionally use this email to inform you about the important software updates or other relevant information that is important for your user experience. If you do not want to receive e-mail updates from Wescom Resources Group, you may unsubscribe by following the unsubscribe link included in the e-mail.
If you have further questions regarding our privacy policy, contact us at support@wescomresources.com.