http://www.egmont.com/privacy-policy-egmont
Business AreasCareerEgmont FoundationNewsAboutPrivacy Policy - Egmont.comHere you will find information about how cookies and personal data is stored and used on this website.Privacy Policy1. Introduction1.1   Egmont International Holding A/S collects data about you, when you visit our website. This Privacy Policy sets forth the terms and conditions for our processing of your personal data.2. Controller of Personal Data2.1   Egmont International Holding A/S, Vognmagergade 11, 1148 Copenhagen K, Denmark (Reg. No. 75 27 20 14), is the data controller. This means that we are responsible for your personal data.3. The purposes and the legal basis for our collection of your personal data3.1   We will ensure that your personal data is collected and processed only in accordance with the following purposes:
If you consent to performance cookies, we transfer information about you, including your IP address, to third-party partners, e.g. Google Analytics, in order to collect analytics regarding the usage of our website, the performance of campaigns, and to manage the number of requests to our server. 3.2 Our legal basis for collecting and processing is: Collection and processing is carried out based on your consent to the purposes described in section 3.1. You can always withdraw your consent to cookies in Cookie Settings, which can be found at the bottom of all pages on the website. Withdrawal of consent does not affect the legality of any processing carried out prior to this.3.3   Retention of your personal data Where the processing of data is carried out based on your cookie consent, we will store personal data for as long as we are processing your personal data for this purpose. The storage period depends on the type of cookie and the expiration of such. You can find an overview of the storage periods here.4. Categories of personal data4.1 We process the following categories of personal data about you:(a) IP address(b) We monitor behavioral data on the website in order to improve it 5. Your rights5.1   If you have any questions regarding our processing of your personal data, you may contact us by using the contact details described below in section 7.5.2   Subject to applicable legislation, you may, at any time, request access to your personal data and that incorrect personal data be rectified, deleted, or changed by using the contact details described below in section 7. You may also request restriction, data portability or object to us processing your data.5.3   If you have any complaints about our processing of your personal data, you may contact the Danish Data Protection Agency.6. Transfer of Personal Data6.1   We may disclose personal data to affiliate or subsidiary companies, as well as professional advisors in accordance with applicable legislation.6.2   Our employees, agents, business partners, vendors and/or suppliers may have access to your personal data on a limited as needed basis in order to deliver a service to us or to enable them to act on our behalf in accordance with applicable legislation.6.3   We reserve the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation, or legal request, or to co-operate with any legal investigation.6.4   Transfer of personal data is conducted in compliance with legal requirements, including concluding appropriate data processor agreements with our data processors, to ensure that personal data is not processed for other purposes than clearly stated and to ensure adequate security measures.6.5   The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a location outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). If personal data is transferred outside of the EEA we ensure an adequate level of security by transferring to countries approved by the European Commission as having an adequate level of protection, or by entering into contracts between us and the non-EEA entity receiving the personal data.7. Contact details7.1   If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the use of the information collected, you may contact us using the below contact information:Egmont International Holding A/SVognmagergade 111148 Copenhagen KDenmarkReg. No.: 75 27 20 14E-mail: corporateweb@egmont.comPlease refer to our contact page if your inquiry is related to anything but Egmont.com.  © 2020 Egmont. All rights reserved.Cookie SettingsCookie PolicyPrivacy PolicyContact