http://www.rpcelectronics.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
RPC Electronics respects your privacy and our site visitors’ information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information CollectedIf you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via info@rpcelectronics.com or by filling out a “contact” form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by OthersThis notice addresses only RPC Electronics’ website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. RPC Electronics not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
CookiesRPC Electronics’ website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal InformationIf you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with “Remove personal information” in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of InformationRPC Electronics may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy ChangesPlease note that RPC Electronics reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of RPC Electronics and is effective as of November 06, 2013. This statement does not create an agreement between RPC Electronics and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:RPC Electronics749 Miner RoadHighland Heights, Ohio 44143
Toll Free: 800-827-2650Tel: 440-461-4700Email: info@rpcelectronics.comWebsite: www.rpcelectronics.com
Toll Free800-827-2650
Office Number440-461-4700
E-mailinfo@rpcelectronics.com
CAPABILITIES
Printed Circuit Board (PCB) Assembly Services
Electromechanical Assembly Services and Panel Building
Custom Wire Harnessing
Graphic Solutions LCD Display and Embedded Computing
Printed Circuit Board (PCB) Design Services
PROJECTS
LCD Display and Embedded Computer for an Industrial Application
Electromechanical Assembly of a Panel Used Within an Industrial Automation Application
Assembly of a Printed Circuit Board (PCB) For an Instrumentation Application
REQUEST A QUOTE
Interested in working with us? we can help you get what you need.
START MY QUOTE
INDUSTRY CERTIFICATION
RPC
– ISO 9001:2015
© 2020 RPC Electronics All Rights Reserved. Website Designed By IGV
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Purchasing Terms and Conditions | Sitemap