http://www.signal-tech.com/privacy
Signal-Tech Privacy Policy
License To Use Website
Unless otherwise stated, Signal-Tech owns the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website.
Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved. While we welcome the opportunity for other resellers to promote our products on their website, we ask that you request permission before doing so by contacting Signal-Tech's director of marketing at 814-835-3000.
Without Signal-Tech's approval you must not:
republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website
Website/Forms Security
At Signal-Tech, we understand that your privacy is important and that your personal information needs to be kept secure.
When you submit private information to us via our secure forms such as the registration or order forms, we protect your information with a SSL (secure socket layer) protocol, which protects your information from being viewed by a third party during transmission.
We secure our website with a SSL certificate from Comodo Limited
(www.comodo.com).
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, contact us at:Signal Technologies, Inc.4985 Pittsburgh AveErie, PA 16509877-547-9900sales@signal-tech.com
Cookies
We use cookies on our site in order to keep track of your information during your visit to our site, such as login status and products in your shopping cart. Our cookies do not contain any personal information about you and are used solely by our site and are never shared with third parties. We also use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google") to help analyze how users use our site. Google Analytics uses "cookies" to do this. At your discretion, you can disable cookies on our site; however, cookies are required to login and place orders.
Privacy
We do track IP addresses in order to view visitor trends so that we can continually improve our website experience for our customers. However, your identity remains anonymous unless you provide it to us (such as completing a contact us form or submitting a quote request).
The data collected through Google Analytics is for web analytics purposes only. The web analytics data is collected using "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
We are a business-to-business manufacturer and need to obtain and verify your personal information in order to permit access to our prices and allow ordering from our site.
Individuals registering on our site and deemed not to be a product reseller/distributor will have their information transferred to a national retail seller of our products.
Companies that register on our site that are deemed to be a reseller/distributor in the Banking industry will have their information transferred to Signal Technologies, Inc. (www.signal-tech.com). You will be notified by email if this transfer occurs.
Your personal information is kept secure. We do not sell or otherwise share your private information to outside sources, except in ways described above or when it is required for us to complete our obligations to you (such as billing, shipping, credit card processing, printing). Care is taken to share your information, when required, in the most secure way possible.
You may occasionally receive emails from us about our products and services. You may chose, at any time, to opt out of these emails by one of the following methods: 1) clicking the opt-out link at the bottom of the email, or 2) calling 877-547-9900 and request to be removed from our emailing list.
Using the Ads Settings, visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.
Live Chat
In order to provide the best possible service to our customers during their online experience, we offer Live Chat on our site.
While our representative may view your current visit, offer help, or reply to your chat request, your identity is completely anonymous to us except for the information submitted during a chat request.