http://www.photomedex.com/privacy.htm
Delivering the Science of Skin Health.
Innovatively. Globally.
General information that we gather
Whenever you visit laserprodirect.com we gather general information about your visit – the site you are coming from, pages or areas you visit on our site, and how long you stay at a particular location on the site. This general information is used only in the aggregate, much like television ratings. This information helps us identify popular areas of our site as well as areas that could use refinement, so that we can keep content on the site fresh and relevant to our users’ interests. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on this data.
Cookies
Cookies are text files that are saved by your browser (e.g., Internet Explorer) and stored on your computer’s hard drive. They DO NOT pose any threat to your computer. As stated above, these cookies do not identify, monitor, or track any personally identifiable information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies without asking the user if he/she wants to do so, but you can usually change your browser to notify you when there is a cookie so you can choose whether to accept or decline the cookie. If you choose to decline one of our cookies, you will still be able to use the features on our site.
How to be removed from our mailing list after you’ve subscribed
If at any time after signing up for our mailing list you would prefer to be removed from it, you can always send a message to info@laserprodirect.com the email address you sent your unsubscribe request from will be removed immediately. Alternatively, you can click on our newsletter link and add your email address and hit remove.
We gather personal data ONLY at your request
If at some point during your visit to laserprodirect.com you order products, download documents or sign up for our newsletter, or if you choose to contact us for some reason, we may ask for personal information such as your name, address, e-mail address and other information. We also may ask you for information about your interests, opinions and background so that we can better interact with you in the future and better understand your needs as a customer. Providing such information is always optional on your part.
When you submit personal information to us, you also may choose to be notified by e-mail about additional products and services offered by Laser Pro Direct. If you’d like to join our mailing list to receive more information about our products and services, please check the opt-in box on the appropriate web form on our Newsletter link. We only add users to our mailing list when they choose to subscribe.
Disclosure policy
Information collected at laserprodirect.com will not be sold, rented, lent or otherwise disclosed to anyone. Any personal information you may choose to give us is used only to fulfill the service you have requested, such as ordering a product or subscribing to a mailing list. If you have any questions that are not answered here, please don’t hesitate to ask us.
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map