http://www.attends.co.uk/cookies-policy
Search
Toggle navigation
ConsumersCaregiversProfessionalsProduct RangeBlogContact
Managing Cookies
Cookies help us identify your device, performance of typical actions on this website or when you are logged in to specific secure zones.
We use strictly necessary and functional cookies to enable you to move around the site and to provide basic features. Tracking and performance cookies are used to provide a better overall user experience. Below are the type of cookies present on our website:
Strictly necessary cookies
Some cookies are strictly necessary in enabling you to move around this website and use its most basic features. Without these cookies, for example, you would not be able to login to secure zones or keep track of your online shopping cart.
These cookies can't be disabled.
Tracking and other optional cookies
We use performance and tracking cookies internally to enable us to provide you with a better user experience. Information supplied by these cookies helps us understand how our visitors behave on this website, track unique visitors or time spent on the site, and on different web pages so that we can improve how we present content to you.
Enable Cookies:
Yes
Settings saved successfully
Third Party Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Service
Cookies
Privacy Policy
Google Analytics
_ga – This cookie is used to distinguish unique users, sessions, and anonymized browsing data for analytics reporting
_gat – This cookie is used to aid site performance and limit data collection on high-traffic sites
Opt out
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
Service
Cookies
Privacy Policy
LiveChat
LiveChat is an online customer service software with live support, help desk software, and web analytics capabilities.
Privacy Policy
Postcode Anywhere
PCA Predict (formerly Postcode Anywhere) is a UK-based company best known for its market-leading address validation technology, used to quickly complete your address when buying online.
Privacy Policy
Salsify
Salsify's Product Experience Management (PXM) platform enables brands to deliver the product experiences consumers demand. Next gen Product Information Management.
Privacy Policy
Sharethis
Sharethis is an all-in-one widget that lets people share any content on the Web with friends via e-mail, AIM, or text message. Shar.es is the URL shortener for ShareThis.com. The widget can also keep an account of personal contacts so that users can send an e-mail, IM, or text message with favorite links to friends.
Privacy Policy
Trustpilot
Trustpilot is a website which publishes reviews for online businesses. The site lists and promotes registered businesses. Roughly 500,000 new reviews are posted to Trustpilot each month. The firm relies on its users, reviewed business, and software to report questionable reviews, which it can delete at its own discretion.
Privacy Policy