https://www.ffei.co.uk/privacy-cookies-policy/
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Introduction
FFEI respects the privacy of our customers and contacts who have expressed an interest in our products and services.
FFEI will use personal information for account management, administration, technical support and marketing.
FFEI will not rent, sell or share personal information with other organisations.
FFEI will not retain personal information for longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
All email marketing/e-newsletters contain instructions for how to unsubscribe.
Emails and any files transmitted with them by FFEI are confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they are addressed. Email communications represent the originator’s personal views and opinions, which do not necessarily reflect those of FFEI. If you are not the original recipient or the person responsible for delivering the email to the intended recipient, be advised that you have received the email in error, and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing, or copying of this email is strictly prohibited.
The anti-virus software used by FFEI is updated regularly in an effort to minimise the possibility of viruses infecting our systems. However, you should be aware that there is no absolute guarantee that any files attached to FFEI emails are virus free.
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when FFEI collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
Visitors to our websites;
People who subscribe to our e-newsletter service;
People who email us;
People who respond to our polls and surveys;
Job applicants and current or former employees.
What information do we collect?
When someone visits https://www.ffei.co.uk, www.ffei.ai or https://www.colourprofiling.com, we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. Example information collected includes:-
(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation).
(b) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us.
(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/ or newsletters.
(d) any other information that you choose to send to us.
This information is only processed in a way that does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
For more information on Google Analytics
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may use both ‘session’ cookies and ‘persistent’ cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. We will use the persistent cookies to enable our website to recognise you when you visit.
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third-party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
For more information on cookies visit https://www.aboutcookies.org
People who subscribe to our e-newsletter service
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver various e-newsletters. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice here.
People who email us
Any email sent to FFEI directly or via a website form, including any attachments, may be monitored and used by us for reasons of security and for monitoring. Email monitoring or blocking software may also be used. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send to us is within the bounds of the law.
Job applicants and employees
When individuals apply to work at FFEI, we will only use the information they supply to us to process their application and to monitor recruitment statistics. Where we want to disclose information to a third party, for example where we want to take up a reference or obtain a ‘disclosure’ from the Criminal Records Bureau we will not do so without informing them beforehand unless the disclosure is required by law. Once a person has taken up employment with FFEI, we will compile a file relating to their employment. The information contained in this will be kept secure and will only be used for purposes directly relevant to that person’s employment. Once their employment with FFEI has ended, we will retain the file in accordance with the requirements of our retention schedule and then delete it.
Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
(a) administer the website;
(b) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
(c) enable your use of the services available on the website;
(d) send you goods purchased via the website, and supply services purchased via the website;
(e) send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
(f) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
(g) send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications).
(i) provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
(j) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law.
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings.
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
(d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling.
(e) to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers. All electronic transactions you make to or receive from us will be encrypted.
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. This privacy notice was last updated on 21st May 2018.
We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
Access to personal information
FFEI tries to be as open as it can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘subject access request’ under the current UK and EU data protection legislation. If we do hold information about you we will:
Give you a description of it
Tell you why we are holding it
Tell you who it could be disclosed to
Let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form
To make a request to FFEI for any personal information we may hold you need to put the request in writing to the address provided below. If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone. If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by, once again, contacting us using the details below.
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by email at any time. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Website design
This website was designed by Phase Marketing Consultancy. The website is based on the WordPress theme Enfold by Kriesi. Please contact them directly if you have any questions in relation to the design of this site.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please contact us at the following address: gdpr@ffei.co.uk.
The reproduction of any information, artwork, and photographs on this site is strictly prohibited without prior consent of FFEI Ltd, The Cube, Maylands Avenue, Hemel Hempstead, HP2 7DF.
ContactGet in touch
Where to find us
News & updatesPrintbar sync to markSeptember 14, 2020 - 9:25 amPrintbar digital varnish application with high laydownAugust 17, 2020 - 11:42 amFFEI’s Digital Screen White Printbar ApplicationJuly 27, 2020 - 9:49 amSectionsExecutive team
FFEI digital imaging capability
Careers at FFEI
PolicyPrivacy & cookies policy
Accreditations
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
OKLearn more
Cookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable google webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable google maps.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy & cookies policy