http://www.tagitright.com/privacyAndTerms.php
Already a customer? Create an Account|Log In
CONTACT US
SUPPORT
PRODUCTS
PRODUCTS
RedtagTM
RoundsKeeperTM
Online Training
Printing Supplies
ABOUT US
HOME
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Privacy
Terms
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us!
It is Instamation Systems's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to www.instamation.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "www.instamation.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Instamation Systems collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Instamation Systems's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Instamation Systems's visitors use its website. From time to time, Instamation Systems may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Instamation Systems also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.instamation.com blog posts. Instamation Systems only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Instamation Systems's websites choose to interact with Instamation Systems in ways that require Instamation Systems to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Instamation Systems gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at http://www.instamation.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Instamation Systems discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Instamation Systems's behalf or to provide services available at Instamation Systems's website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Instamation Systems's website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Instamation Systems will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Instamation Systems discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other
governmental request, or when Instamation Systems believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Instamation Systems, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of http://www.instamation.com and have supplied your email address, Instamation Systems may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Instamation Systems and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Instamation Systems takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Aggregated Statistics
Instamation Systems may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Instamation Systems may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Instamation Systems does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Instamation Systems – by purchasing Instamation Systems's services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Instamation Systems collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Instamation Systems. Instamation Systems does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Instamation Systems may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Instamation Systems's sole discretion. Instamation Systems encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Instamation Systems's Website.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use Instamation Systems's website
if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice
and any or all Agreements: "Client", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person accessing this website
and accepting the Company's terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We", "Our" and "Us", refers
to our Company. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client
or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake
the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings
of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client's needs in respect
of provision of the Company's stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law
of . Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural,
capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
License
Unless otherwise stated, Instamation Systems and/or it's licensors own the intellectual property rights for
all material on Instamation Systems. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or print
pages from http://www.instamation.com for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from http://www.instamation.com
Sell, rent or sub-license material from http://www.instamation.com
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from http://www.instamation.com
Redistribute content from Instamation Systems (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Web site without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors when they list us in the directory may link to our Web site in the same
manner as they hyperlink to the Web sites of other listed businesses; and
Systemwide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls,
and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long
as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or
approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking
party's site.
We may consider and approve in our sole discretion other link requests from the following types of organizations:
commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources such as Chambers of Commerce, American
Automobile Association, AARP and Consumers Union;
dot.com community sites;
associations or other groups representing charities, including charity giving sites,
online directory distributors;
internet portals;
accounting, law and consulting firms whose primary clients are businesses; and
educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we determine that: (a) the link would not reflect
unfavorably on us or our accredited businesses (for example, trade associations or other organizations
representing inherently suspect types of business, such as work-at-home opportunities, shall not be allowed
to link); (b)the organization does not have an unsatisfactory record with us; (c) the benefit to us from
the visibility associated with the hyperlink outweighs the absence of ; and (d) where the
link is in the context of general resource information or is otherwise consistent with editorial content
in a newsletter or similar product furthering the mission of the organization.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as
the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval
of the linking party and it products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party's
site.
If you are among the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website,
you must notify us by sending an e-mail to support@instamation.com.
Please include your name, your organization name, contact information (such as a phone number and/or e-mail
address) as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Web site,
and a list of the URL(s) on our site to which you would like to link. Allow 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Web site as follows:
By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator (Web address) being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our Web site or material being linked to that makes sense within the
context and format of content on the linking party's site.
No use of Instamation Systems's logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license
agreement.
Iframes
Without prior approval and express written permission, you may not create frames around our Web pages or
use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Web site.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular
link to our Web site. You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request. We also
reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and its linking policy at any time. By continuing
to link to our Web site, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Web site or any linked web site objectionable for any reason, you may contact
us about this. We will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to respond
directly to you.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness
or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the
website is kept up to date.
Content Liability
We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site. You agree to indemnify
and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear on any
page on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as
libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or
other violation of, any third party rights.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a)
are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or
in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort
(including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge,
we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
NAVIGATION
Home
About Us
Support
Customer Login
Privacy and Terms
PRODUCTS
Redtag
Roundskeeper
Online Training
Printing Solutions
CONTACT US
T: 661-589-2219
F: 661-589-8504
E: support@instamation.com