http://www.dfsales.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Close menu
Products
IC
Connectors
Capacitors
Resistors
Diode & Transistors
Military
Electromechanical
Other
AMAT
Inductors and Ferrites
Crystal & Ocsillators
Tools
Solar
Automotive
Inductors
Manufacturers
Contact Us
About
Log in
Create account
Legal and Privacy Notices
DF Sales Company maintains this web site as a service to its customers. By using this web site and any links to third party web sites, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of service, which may change at any time.
Web-site Privacy Statement
DF Sales Company will not knowingly share information provided by you with anyone other than its subsidiaries and affiliates except as required by the court of law. We do not sell our names or lists unless otherwise disclosed to you by an individual subsidiary. While it is our intent to hold private the information you transmit via our Website or by way of an Internet electronic mail system, DF Sales Company cannot promise or ensure that such information will remain confidential or secure because no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be one hundred percent secure.DF Sales Company will also use information that you provide for market research purposes, development of prospect lists and project planning. Information gathered from inquiries at our Website may be used for purposes of offering you property or service offerings of DF Sales Company or its subsidiaries. The use of our Website constitutes your permission for such uses.The privacy of our customers is of utmost importance to DF Sales Company If you visit this site to read or download information, we may collect and store aggregate information for statistical purposes. For example, we may count the number of unique visitors to the different sections of our site in order to help us make the site more useful to visitors.We ask visitors to fill out registration forms. This information we gather about you, and other information which may be collected through feedback forms or other means, enables us to determine visitors' interests, with the goal of providing better service to our customers. If you are providing personally identifiable information within a registration page, it will only be used within DF Sales Company and not sold to third parties.ALL PARTIES INVOLVED WITH THE CREATION AND DELIVERY OF THE CONTENT OF THIS SITE HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WITH RESPECT TO ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION WHICH IS GATHERED FROM VISITORS TO THIS SITE.
Links to third-party-sites
This web site may contain links to third-party web sites. These linked sites are not under the control of DF Sales Company , and DF Sales Company is not responsible for the contents or activities of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site.
Warranties and Limitation of Liability
This site is presented on an "AS IS" basis. DF Sales Company makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site, the information, content, materials or products included on this site. DF Sales Company and all of its affiliates, directors, officers, agents, marketing affiliates, web site designer will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, or any linked site. DF Sales Company reserves the right to alter price, product, design or information in this Website without prior notice or obligation.
Copyright Notice
All contents and designs of this site are the property of DF Sales Company or the entities that created them therefore are protected by the copyright laws of the United States and by international copyright laws. The reproduction, republication, modification, distribution, transmission, display or of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.
DF Sales is an independent stocking distributor specializing in bringing you top-quality, new electronics parts direct from Silicon Valley at highly competitive prices.