http://www.tedsonline.com/privacy-notice/
Locations
New York
Arizona
Menu
Order Online
New York
Arizona
Catering
Allergens & Gluten
Food Truck
History
Careers
Shop
Featured Items
Gift Cards
Merchandise
Check Gift Card Balance
Connect
Keep in Touch
Ted’s Fans
Coupons
Community
Survey
FAQs
Contact
Privacy Notice
Protecting the privacy of visitors is a priority for Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. . The following policy lists the types of information collected through tedshotdogs.com (“the Website”) and how this information is used.
By accessing and using the Website, visitors fully acknowledge and accept these terms, including any additional or updated rules or regulations that Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. may post, here or on individual pages herein. Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. may revise these terms, at its discretion, at any time.
When using some areas of the Website, visitors may be asked to provide personal information or identifying data ("Personal Information"). Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. only collects Personal Information when such information is expressly and knowingly provided.
Personal Information is collected when visitors engage in online activities including but not limited to job applications to Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. ; contact forms, retail products, and catering requests. Visitors are asked to provide only the information necessary to process the application, request, order, or registration. Information provided to Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. as part of the ordering process is not provided to anyone else. The only exception is that credit card transactions may be handled by a third-party financial institution, which receives the credit card number and other personal identifying information like billing address to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions.
Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. manages a number of online mailing lists. Visitors who wish to subscribe to these mailing lists are asked to provide information necessary to process the subscription. Visitors may opt out of future mailings at any time by request.
Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. automatically collects anonymous or “non-personally identifiable” information about visitors (such as browser type, operating system, and Internet Service Provider) when visitors request pages through a browser. This information is used for statistical purposes, to help us monitor how guests navigate our site. We may also provide these statistics to others, such as to grant funding organizations. However, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. may also record a visitor’s IP address in order to administer the Website and diagnose technical problems. IP addresses are also used for non-user-specific purposes such as determining how many users visit a specific page of our site.
Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. uses “cookies” (small data files automatically stored on a visitor’s hard drive when they visit some websites) to save a visitor’s settings and provide personalized information on subsequent visits. Only information supplied by visitors, such as usernames, are included in the cookie.
We use Google Analytics’ third-party audience data such as age, gender and interests to better understand the behavior of our online audience. Website visitors who do not want data collected by Google Analytics may opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add on.
Any personal information provided to Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. is maintained and accessible only by Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. unless explicitly stated otherwise. Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. Our website has security measures in place to guard against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under its control. Our Website may contain links to other Websites of interest. We do not have any control over the other Websites. Hence such sites are not governed by this privacy statement, and we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information collected by such sites.
Simply put, we will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
If you have any questions about the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc. at info@tedshotdogs.com.
eNEWSLETTER
Sign up for Ted's Monthly eNewsletter, and receive news & updates, coupons, and the Works.
LOCATIONS
Amherst
Orchard Park
Cheektowaga
Tonawanda
Lancaster
Williamsville
Lockport
Tempe, AZ
North Tonawanda
SOCIAL MEDIA
"Like" Ted’s on Facebook.
Follow @TedsHotDogs on Twitter.
Follow Ted’s on Instagram.
Copyright © 2020 Ted's Jumbo Red Hots, Inc.
301 Ohio Street, Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14204
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use