http://www.fungyucpa.com/privacy/
CH
ENG
FR
Company profileServicesKey PeopleJoin UsArticlesQ&AContact
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY FOR HTTP://WWW.FUNGYUCPA.COM/
At Fung, Yu & Co CPA Limited, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by http://www.fungyucpa.com/ and how it is used. To read more about our Accounting and professional services, click here.
Data Privacy Policy Statement
Fung, Yu & Co CPA Limited respects your privacy and commits ourselves to protecting the personal data we collect from you. We will apply and comply with the laws and principles of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap 486) of the Laws of Hong Kong in collecting, holding, processing and using your personal data.
This policy does not however apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people not under our employment or management. In particular, this policy does not apply to other websites accessible by hyperlink from this website www.fungyucpa.com (“Site”), or sites linking to this Site.
Data Collection
To facilitate the provision of our services to you, when you register with or subscribe to any services provided in this Site, we ask for your personal data, which include, inter alia:
Name
Address
Telephone number
E-mail address
Other data in connection with and to assist in our operations.
We also collect general information about your visits by means of cookies files when you visit certain services of this Site. “Cookies” are small test files sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. The information so gathered is only used for analyzing your preference in relation to the services we provide. You can decide not to accept the cookies files, but if you do so, certain functionality may not be available.
We also allow our advertisers to set and access their cookies on your computer subject however to their own privacy policies, not this one. Neither our advertisers nor we have access to the other’s cookies.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, http://www.fungyucpa.com/ makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
http://www.fungyucpa.com/ does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
”        Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Site.
”        Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet.
”        Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising and promotion partners include Google Adwords and Google Adsense, Facebook, Mailchimp and Twitter.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on http://www.fungyucpa.com/ send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Fung, Yu & Co CPA Limited has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Fung, Yu & Co CPA Limited’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Use of Data
We will use your personal data only for the purposes stated in the respective screens on which we invite you to provide your data and in accordance with this policy statement. Your personal data will also be used for other general purposes:
To customize the advertising, remarketing and content you see
To fulfil your requests for certain products and services
To notify you of any promotion, special offers or new products information
We will not use or associate data collected from interest-based advertising campaigns, including but not limited to sensitive categories, with any personally identifiable information you provided before.
Data Sharing and Disclosure
We may provide your personal data to third party organizations, including without limitation any of Fung, Yu & Co CPA Limited’s holding companies, subsidiaries, or affiliates,
Who provide administrative, telecommunications, computer, billing, maintenance, payment, debt collection and other services to Fung, Yu & Co CPA Limited in connection with the operation of its business;
For the purpose of providing the service and products contained in the Site;
Who may assist in our business;
Who are under a duty of confidentiality to keep your personal data confidential;
Who are actual or proposed assignees, transferees or purchasers of the Site.
Only the minimum necessary personal data will be provided to the third party organization to perform its task.
We will also disclose your personal data if we are required to do so by law
Retention of Data
Fung, Yu & Co CPA Limited will retain your personal data for so long as is necessary to fulfill the original or directly related purpose for which it was collected and to satisfy any applicable statutory or contractual requirements.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info -at- fungyucpa.com.
Contact
Hong KongShanghaiGuangzhouBeijingParisLuxembourg
Hong Kong
10/F., Guangdong Investment Tower,
148 Connaught Road Central,
Hong Kong
Tel: +852 2541-6632
Fax: +852 2541-9339
Email: info@fungyucpa.com
Message
Send
Your message has been sent!
Please try again or contact us by email.
Shanghai
Suite 1206, Jing’an China Tower,
1701 Beijing Road West,
Jing’an District, Shanghai, PRC
Tel: +86 21 6289 8813
Fax: +86 21 6289 8816
Email: info.sh@fungyucpa.com
Message
Send
Your message has been sent!
Please try again or contact us by email.
Guangzhou
Flat D, 11/F, Yueyun Building,
3 Zhongshan 2nd Road,
Guangzhou, PRC
Tel: +86 20 8762 0508
Fax: +86 20 3762 1108
Email: info.gz@fungyucpa.com
Message
Send
Your message has been sent!
Please try again or contact us by email.
Beijing
Room 2005, E-Tower,
No.12 Guanghua Road,
Chaoyang District,
Beijing, PRC 100020
Tel: +86 10 6591 8087
Fax: +86 10 8599 9882
Email: info.bj@fungyucpa.com
Message
Send
Your message has been sent!
Please try again or contact us by email.
Paris
20 Rue Cambon
75001 Paris, France
Tel: (+33) 1 44 50 40 55
Email: info.fr@fungyucpa.com
Message
Send
Your message has been sent!
Please try again or contact us by email.
Luxembourg
12 rue Jean Engling
L-1466 Luxembourg
Tel: (352) 2740 6430
Email: info@harriscorps.lu
Message
Send
Your message has been sent!
Please try again or contact us by email.
Privacy
Copyright ©2016 Fung, Yu & Co. CPA Limited All rights reserved. designed by mill studio.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more.