http://www.jacorinc.com/privacy-policy
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarBrush Seals
Brush Seals
Brush Seal Kits
Applications
Weather Seals
Weather Seals
Applications
Services
Contact
Shop Now
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Jacor, Inc. we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals. It is Jacor’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Jacor collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Jacor’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Jacor's visitors use its website. From time to time, Jacor may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Jacor also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on WordPress.com blogs. Jacor only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Jacor’s websites choose to interact with Jacor in ways that require Jacor to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Jacor gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. Those who engage in transactions with Jacor are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Jacor collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Jacor. Jacor does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Jacor may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Jacor may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Jacor does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Jacor discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Jacor’s behalf or to provide services available at Jacor’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Jacor’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Jacor will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Jacor discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Jacor believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Jacor, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Jacor website and have supplied your email address, Jacor may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Jacor and our products. We primarily use our website to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Jacor takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Jacor uses cookies to help Jacor identify and track visitors, their usage of Jacor website, and their website access preferences. Jacor visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Jacor’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Jacor’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Jacor may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Jacor’s sole discretion. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Note, we’ve adapted this privacy policy from one that Automattic, the people behind WordPress.com, made available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license, which means you’re more than welcome to repurpose it for your own use, but please include a link to WordPress.com somewhere on your site. Automattic spent a lot of money and time on this policy, and feels other people shouldn’t need to do the same.
Resources
Help/Info
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
jason@jacorinc.com
414.403.1625
Copyright © 2020 Jacor, Inc. All rights reserved. | W182S8363 Racine Ave. Muskego, WI 53150 USA