http://www.aci-boland.com/privacy-policy/
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
ACI Boland’s General Privacy Policy communicates how ACI Boland, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “ACI Boland”, “we” or “us”), collects and utilizes the personal information of our website visitors. It is not the exclusive description of we collect and utilize personal information of individuals. For questions about ACI Boland’s Global Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at info@aciboland.com or by mail at ACI Boland., 1710 Wyandotte, Kansas City, MO 64108.
ACI Boland will collect and store your personal information when you interact with ACIBoland.com. We collect information, some of which may contain personal information, by online forms as follows: (i) limited data/information is automatically acquired from website users when users visit aciboland.com through the use of Google Analytics or Log Data; or (ii) users may voluntarily provide information, including personal information, to us by: emailing ACI Boland about our services, employment or internship opportunities, marketing, media requests, and other business matters through the use of one of our online forms.
ACI Boland does not make any attempt to use Google Analytics or Log Data to find out the identities of those visiting aciboland.com. It is the website user’s responsibility to adjust their browser settings to accommodate your personal privacy preferences. By visiting and using the aciboland.com website you have consented to ACI Boland’s collection of information as discussed above.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Personal information means any information relating to an individual that enables them to be identified either directly or indirectly. Personal information that we hold about you may include the user’s contact details (such name, phone number, address and email address), IP address, language, gender and geolocation.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Google Analytics is a free third-party services that uses “cookies” to measure, collect, analyze and report web data for purposes of optimizing the experience of users of aciboland.com. Cookies are files with small amounts of data, that are sent to website users’ browser (typically stored in the temporarily internet files of the browser). Cookies are sent by the website being visited, and the files sent will be stored on the users computer’s hard drive. You can opt-out and prevent your data from being used. User’s can opt out of participating in Google Analytics by using a “Opt-Out browser Add-on”.
Who we share your data with
We will use your personal information, and may share your personal information with other parties acting on our behalf, for one or more of the following:
to conduct research about how website visitors’ use our website
to improve our services
to assess and respond any complaints users might make to us
for our own internal purposes, including staff training, conducting internal assessments, or transferring assets as part of a sale, purchase or investment in the business
for market research purposes
to conduct investigations of suspicious or harmful activity
to comply with ACI Boland’s regulatory and legal obligations
to manage risks
for marketing purposes.
If ACI Boland wants to use any of the personal information collected through the aciboland.com website, for a purpose beyond that for which it was originally provided, we will ask for your consent prior to doing so.  ACI Boland does not sell personal information to others.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Changes to this policy
As we strive to improve our product, services and organizational practices, we will review this Privacy Policy from time to time. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time and to notify you of those changes by posting an updated version of this policy on our website. It is your responsibility to check our policy each time before you access our website for any changes.
OFFICES
KANSAS CITY
1710 Wyandotte
Kansas City, MO 64108
(816) 763-9600
ST. LOUIS
17107 Chesterfield Airport Rd
Suite 110
Chesterfield, MO 63005
(314) 991-9993
QUICK LINKS
CAREERS
NEWS
ABOUT
PORTFOLIO
PRIVACY POLICY
Search
OURWORK
LIVE
LEARN
WORK
HEAL
OURTHOUGHTS
GUIDING PRINCIPLES
INSIGHTS
OURCOMPANY
ABOUT
SERVICES
LATEST
CONTACT
KANSAS CITY
ST. LOUIS
CAREERS
Test Gallery
×