https://www.printwand.com/privacy-policy
Search Site
Search
Welcome, sign in to access member benefits or join
My Account
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Mugs
Beer Mugs
Glass Beer Mugs
Plastic Beer Mugs
Coffee Mugs
Acrylic Coffee Mugs
Ceramic Coffee Mugs
Glass Coffee Mugs
Plastic Coffee Mugs
Stainless Steel Coffee Mugs
Soup Mugs
Travel Mugs
Acrylic Travel Mugs
Ceramic Travel Mugs
Plastic Travel Mugs
Stainless Steel Travel Mugs
Cups & Glasses
Beer Glasses
Plastic Beer Glasses
Standard Beer Glasses
Brandy Snifters
Champagne Flutes
Coffee Cups & Glasses
Ceramic Coffee Cups
Foam Coffee Cups
Glass Coffee Cups
Paper Coffee Cups
Plastic Coffee Cups
Drinking Cups & Glasses
Glass Cups
Foam Cups
Paper Cups
Plastic Cups
Hurricane Glasses
Margarita Glasses
Martini Glasses
Shot Glasses
Ceramic Shot Glasses
Plastic Shot Glasses
Standard Shot Glasses
Stadium Cups
Tasters
Wine Glasses
Plastic Wine Glasses
Standard Wine Glasses
Steins
Glass Steins
Plastic Steins
Tumblers & Thermoses
Acrylic Tumblers
Ceramic Tumblers
Glass Tumblers
Plastic Tumblers
Stainless Steel Tumblers
Thermos & Vacuum Bottles
Water Bottles
Acrylic Water Bottles
Aluminum Water Bottles
Glass Water Bottles
Plastic Water Bottles
Stainless Steel Water Bottles
Plates
Dinner Plates
Luncheon Plates
Salad & Appetizer Plates
Snack & Serving Trays
Napkins
Beverage Napkins
Linen Like Beverage Napkins
Paper Beverage Napkins
Dinner Napkins
Luncheon Napkins
Linen Like Luncheon Napkins
Paper Luncheon Napkins
Guest Hand Towels
Coasters
Foam Coasters
Paper Coasters
Leather & Suede Coasters
Wooden Coasters
Accessories
Apothecary & Candy Jars
Aprons & Oven Mitts
Bar Accessories
Bottle Openers
Decanters
Drink Stirrers & Sticks
Growlers
Martini Shakers
Wine Bags & Carriers
Wine Openers & Corkscrews
Wine Stoppers
Cup Lids
Molded Lids
Dome Lids
Straw Slot Lids
Food & Ice Cream Tubs
Gift Sets
Koozies
Matchbooks & Match Boxes
Pitchers, Carafes, & Coffee Pots
Placemats
Straws & Straw Caps
Flexible Plastic Straws
Serving & Snack Trays
Utensils & Cutlery
Vases
Magnets
Animal Magnets
Awareness Ribbon Magnets
Business Card Magnets
Car & Truck Magnets
Bumper Sticker Magnets
Car Door Magnets
Car Ribbon Magnets
Car & Truck Shaped Magnets
Custom Shaped Magnets
Food & Beverage Magnets
Geometric Magnets
Heart Magnets
Oval Magnets
Rectangle Magnets
Round Magnets
Square Magnets
Star Magnets
Triangle Magnets
Health Magnets
Home & Real Estate Magnets
Memo Board Magnets
Notepad Magnets
Political Magnets
School Magnets
Sports Magnets
Baseball Magnets
Basketball Magnets
Football Magnets
Sport Schedule Magnets
Technology Magnets
Folders
Presentation Folders
File Folders
Photo Folders
Document Folders
Card Folders
Certificate Folders
You're currently on:
Home
/
Privacy Policy - Printwand™
Printwand's Privacy Policy
At Printwand, we respect your privacy with the highest regards. To this effect, we have implemented the following Privacy Policy. Use of the Printwand's website (the "Website") implies your consent to the Privacy Policy, so please take a moment to review the policy details below. This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Website, and when you access, download, purchase or use any information, services, products or content appearing on the Website. Any reference to us, our, we or similar words shall refer to this Website and its affiliates thereto.
What information does Printwand gather and how is it utilized? Our Web server automatically collects click-stream information such as the address (or URL) of the Website that you came from before visiting our site, which pages you visit on our site, which browser you used to view our site and any search terms you have entered on our site.
We may ask that you provide certain information about yourself while using the Printwand Website. Printwand may also obtain information or lists from other companies.
We use the information you provide in order to 1)administer contests or promotions, 2) measure and improve the effectiveness of our Website, our marketing endeavors or our services and offers,3) tailor our online offerings to your preferences, 4)fulfill requests you may make, 5) to provide further information and announcements and 6) other business purposes.
Any comments or submissions that you post to the Website will be publicly available. You post and share your personal information and content on the Website at your own risk. While we go to great lengths to create a safe and enjoyable experience on the Website, we cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your content and/or information. In addition, we cannot anticipate other users’ ability to circumvent privacy settings. You understand that, even after removal of your personal information and content from the Website, copies of your information may remain viewable in cached or archived Web pages or on the local computers of users who may have downloaded or stored your information.
Even with all the appropriate precautions we take to protect your information, we recommend you refrain from sending private information or personal information by e-mail, chat, article comments, or other messaging services.
Does Printwand use cookies and other techniques to collect information? When you visit the Printwand Website, you will be assigned a permanent "cookie" (a small text file) that is stored on your computer's hard drive. The cookie identifies you when you visit the site so that we can customize and enhance your experience. You may choose to browse our site without cookies; however, without these identifiers you will not be able to take advantage of certain features of the site. To change your cookie preferences, please check your browser's "Help" menu.
We also collect certain technical data from your computer each time you request a page during your visit to the Printwand Website. This information may include your IP (Internet Protocol) address, your computer's operating system, browser type, and the address of a referring website, if any. We collect this information to enhance the quality of your experience during your visit and we will not sell or rent this information to any third parties.
What is our commitment to children’s privacy? Protecting the privacy of young children is important. For that reason, Printwand does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information or non-personally-identifiable information on the Printwand Website received from persons under 18 years of age, and no part of our Website is directed to persons under 18. You must be at least 18 years of age to use or access the Printwand Website. If you are under 18 years of age, then you are not authorized to use or access the Printwand Website at any time or in any manner.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Printwand. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us? If your information is currently being used to send you marketing communications, you can opt-out at any time. All marketing e-mail and direct mail communications from Printwand tell you how to stop receiving them.
To opt-out of receiving marketing material from Printwand:
1) Follow directions on a marketing e-mail or direct mail communication from us. 2) Send an e-mail with your current contact information to info@printwand.com 3) Send a request with your current contact information to:
Attn: Customer Service Printwand22 West Huron Street, Suite 200Pontiac, Michigan 48342
When you elect not to receive marketing emails from Printwand, you will still receive email communications from us regarding any orders you place with us. You will also receive email communications regarding any Customer Service inquiries you make, as well as operational emails to inform you of any changes we make to the site.
How does Printwand secure my personal information? Whether you are using the Printwand site or submitting a request to our inkGeeks, we have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access and alteration of the information under our control.
Although we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration or destruction of data, we take reasonable precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. Printwand cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us by e-mail and you do so at your own risk.
What about third party links? In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
What is the governing law for this privacy policy?  The terms of this Privacy Statement are incorporated by reference and made part of our Terms of Use. This Privacy Statement and all disputes arising from or related to the Printwand Website or its use shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Michigan, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Any claim or dispute between you and Printwand that arises from or in any way relates to, in whole or in part, the Printwand Website or its use shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Oakland County, Michigan, or the United States District Court, Eastern District of Michigan. You hereby irrevocably waive any and all objections to venue in those courts.
Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please be advised that we transfer personal information to the United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
How may the privacy policy change?
We reserve the right to change, modify, or amend this policy at any time. Please review our Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Use of this website after any modification implies your consent to this Policy as modified. This policy was last modified on December 5, 2011.
May I ask questions or give feedback on the privacy policy? We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
About Us
Free Design
Design Portfolio
Blog
Samples
Site Map
Artwork Specifications
Reseller Program
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
© 2020 Printwand, Inc.