http://www.midwestbank.com/privacy/
Contact a Branch
ATM/Branch Locations
About Us
Contact Us
News
Careers
Blog
Personal
Checking
Savings
Online & Mobile Banking
Loans
Debit Cards
ID Protect Plus
Credit Cards
Business
Checking
Savings
Online Banking
Business Mobile Banking
Cash Management Services
Loans
Debit Cards
Credit Cards
Insurance
Crop Insurance
Personal & Commercial Insurance
Midwest Wealth Management
Other Resources
Education Center
Financial Calculators
Protecting Your Privacy
Switch Kit
Resources for Businesses
Access your Account
Access your Account
Username:
Password:
Username:
Password:
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Facts: What Does Midwest Bank Do With Your Personal Information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and Income
Transaction History and Account Balances
Credit History and Checking Account Information
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customer's personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customer's personal information; the reasons Midwest Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Midwest Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes — Such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes — To offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don't share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes —Information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes —Information about your creditworthiness
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
To limit our sharing
Call 402-329-4077 - our menu will prompt you through your choice(s)Visit us online www.midwestbank.com to contact us
Please note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Call 402-329-4077 or go to www.midwestbank.com
Who is providing this notice?
Midwest Bank
How does Midwest Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Midwest Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or Deposit money
Pay your bills or Apply for a loan
Use your debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account -- unless you tell us otherwise.
Definitions
AffiliatesCompanies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include Midwest Wealth Management and Midwest Bank Agency.
NonaffiliatesCompanies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Midwest Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you
Joint marketingA formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Midwest Bank doesn't jointly market
Disclaimer
×
By clicking the "Continue" button below, you will be leaving the website of Midwest Bank. Midwest Bank is not responsible for any content of the linked site. By clicking on the "Continue" button, you recognize and agree to hold us, our employees, agents, successors, and/or assignees harmless from any liability as a result of your using this information, materials, products or services listed at this website.
Cancel
Continue