https://www.healthcarestrategy.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy
Privacy
The following provisions apply to information Healthcare Strategy Institute, Inc. (HSI) and the Forum for Healthcare Strategists (Forum) learn about or obtain from You when You visit the Site. These provisions may be changed from time to time and without notice, at HSI’s/Forum’s sole discretion and as provided by applicable law. You should check this Privacy Policy frequently for any such changes, but in any case Your continued access or use of the Site shall constitute acceptance of any modifications of the Privacy Policy. HSI’s/Forum’s use of information gathered or obtained now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such use.
What We Collect
Information You Give Us
HSI/Forum receives and stores any information you enter on the Site (for example, when you register for one of our events, or purchase one of our products) or provide in any other manner. This may include Your personally identifiable information, such as Your name and e-mail address. Of course, You can choose not to provide information, but then You might not be able to register for an event or make a purchase on-line. Of course, You are always welcome to make such transactions by mail (980 North Michigan Ave., Suite 1260, Chicago, IL 60611) or telephone (312.440.9080 x23). HSI/Forum uses the information You provide for such purposes as facilitating Your purchase or event registration, responding to Your requests for information, improving the products and services we offer, and communicating with You.
Automated Information Collection
HSI and the Forum receive and store certain types of information whenever You visit the Site. In addition to information You provide, we may collect the name of the domain and host from which You access the Internet; the IP address of the computer You are using; and the browser and operating system You are using; the date and time You access the Site; and the Internet address of the Web site from which You linked to the Site. We use “cookies” to automatically gather some of this information. A cookie is a small text file that the HSI/Forum system sends to Your computer to collect information about Your activities on the Site. The cookie transmits this information back to the Site each time Your browser requests a page from the Site, and the information is stored to help facilitate Your use of the Site the next time You visit. If You do not want to receive cookies from the Site, You can set Your browser to not accept cookies.
How We Use Information
We use the information You provide and we collect to:
Administer the Site and diagnose problems with our server;
Verify Your identity;
Provide You with information about the Site and HSI/Forum products and services; and in order to facilitate performance by HSI/Forum or You under the Terms and any other agreement You may enter into with HSI/Forum; and
Measure the number of visitors to the Site and how the Site is used, in order to make the Site as useful as possible to our visitors.
Sharing Information
We may share information collected or obtained from You with others. If You do not want us to share information we have collected or obtained from You, please follow the instructions under Opt Out below.
Links
The Site may contain links to other sites. These links are for the convenience of visitors to the Site only, and HSI/Forum makes no representations whatsoever regarding such other sites. You should review the privacy policies of other sites carefully before providing any information to such sites. HSI/Forum is not responsible for the privacy policies or procedures or the content of any other site.
Security
The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under HSI’s/Forum’s control.
Compliance with COPPA
The Site is not directed at children under the age of 13. HSI/Forum complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and does not knowingly permit registration or submission of personally identifiable information by anyone under 13 years of age.
Subpoenas
HSI/Forum does not disclose the identities of visitors or users of the Site unless legally required to do so. We will respond to any subpoena received from a government agency (i.e., the Securities and Exchange Commission or law enforcement agencies) without prior notice to You. Unless prohibited by law or by a valid court order, we will notify You of any subpoena received from any other party (i.e., for civil litigation) which requires us to disclose Your identity, and will wait ten (10) days, or a lesser amount of time as required by the deadline in the subpoena, before providing the information requested by the subpoena.
Opt-Out
If You do not want HSI/Forum to share information we collect or receive about You, or want Automated Information deleted from HSI/Forum records, You may do so by:
Sending an email to jpense@healthcarestrategy.com
By mail to the following address:
Jennifer Pense
Director
Healthcare Strategy Institute, Inc.
980 North Michigan Ave., Suite 1260
Chicago, IL 60611
By calling the following telephone number: 312.440.9080 x23
Upcoming Forum Events
26th Healthcare Marketing & Physician Strategies SummitMore Info27th Healthcare Marketing & Physician Strategies SummitMay 16-18, 2022The Grand America Hotel
Salt Lake City, UTMore Info
Login
Sign Up
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Sign In
I accept the
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Sign Up
Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.