http://www.4mybenefits.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement for www.4mybenefits.com
Last Updated On
August 24 2017
4myBenefits, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information
gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: www.4mybenefits.com.
This Web site links to other Web sites.  4myBenefits, Inc. is
not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other Web sites.  Please
note that when you click on one of these links, you are "clicking" to another
Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their
privacy statement may differ from ours.
Information we collect and parties whom with we share information
We collect data in our log files. We collect your IP address, ISP (internet service
provider), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp and browser type, and we
keep a log of the pages visited and the length of time of your visit. We use this
information to administer the Web site, and provide you with services that are more useful
and relevant to you. Consequently, this information is tied to personal information.
This information is stored and it is for our internal use. We do not share
specific information about your visit regarding IP address, etc. with any third parties.
Our site's registration process, which is completed by your employer, requires your
employer to give us certain information about employees who will be using this service.
This information includes your name, work email address, social security number, and
financial information about company paid benefits and employees' salaries. Also,
demographic information is collected in the registration process. Your date of birth,
gender, and family status is collected from your employer in order to tailor your
experience at our site, so that we can show you content we think you might be interested
in, and display the content according to your preferences. Financial information is used
to present a financial overview of your company sponsored benefits. The agent who sells
the 4myBenefits service to your employer is presented with this information about you in
both a physical form as well as through the Web site application. The servicing agent also
requests periodic reports of information that the agent has gathered in the process of
providing your insurance benefits. This information, which is already available to the
servicing agent in a paper based format in the form of employee benefit enrollment forms,
is stored on our system to help the agent provide better service to you. This information
is known by your employer and is typically presented to your servicing agent by your
employer.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as
required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights
and/or comply with a judicial proceeding or court order, or legal process served on our
Web site.
If 4myBenefits Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Some financial information can also be entered by you in order to facilitate the
presentation of additional useful financial information. This user entered information may
include insurance policy summary information, stocks, bonds and mutual funds you own or
keep track of, and a list of your assets and liabilities. You also have the option of
sharing certain information about your personal insurance policies with your servicing
agent. This option is explicitly noted on the site and the information is not shared
unless you direct us to do so. This information is optionally entered by you for your
personal use only. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as
required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights
and/or comply with a judicial proceeding or court order, or legal process served on our
Web site.
You may send us emails or feedback regarding service questions about the site. These
emails are stored for our use in servicing your account.
You may be asked to answer optional survey questions from time to time. These surveys may
be conducted by the employer or by 4myBenefits. In either case, the survey will clearly
state, prior to answering questions, with whom the survey information will be shared.
Typically this is shared with your servicing agent so they can provide you with more
insurance opportunities. If your answers to the surveys are shared with your insurance
agent, they will only be shared either in an aggregate form, or will not be tied to any of
your personal information. The answers you provide to the survey questions will only be
shared with your employer if the survey is designated as an employer sponsored survey. The
information in the surveys will not be shared with any other third parties unless required
by law.
You may choose to fill out a questionnaire regarding a request for product information
from your servicing agent. This agent's identifying and contact information will be shown
on the web page to the right of the questionnaire. In this case, the answers to your
questions and any additional information that you provide on the questionnaire will be
emailed to the specified servicing agent so that he or she may respond to your request. A
record of this request for information is stored in our database when the email is sent
to the servicing agent. No information other than what you specify in the questionnaire
will be sent to the agent.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as
required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights
and/or comply with a judicial proceeding or court order, or legal process served on our
Web site.
Your servicing agent will also contact you through email addresses that you or your
employer has provided. If you choose to give us your personal email address, the agent
will only be able to use this address through the use of our site. The agent will never be
given the address directly, and emails that you receive in this fashion will be clearly
marked as originating from the 4myBenefits Web site. Your agent will also contact you
through your work-provided email address from time to time regarding changes in your
benefit plan or other related matters. To opt out of emails through your personal email
address see the Opt Out section below.
4myBenefits uses your contact information to notify you when necessary to provide the
service, and send you information about our site and its new offerings. You may choose to
opt out of future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.  Examples
of our contact with you may include (but is not limited to):
Responding to a service request that you send to one of our email
addresses.
Retrieval of your password if you forget it, via our I forgot my
password link.
Notification of new features available on the site
Emails that we send on behalf of your employer regarding usage of this
site, or your employee benefit package.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for
record-keeping purposes.  We do not link the information we store in
cookies to any personal information you submit while on our site.
We use session ID cookies on this website to make it easier for you to navigate
our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser.
Third Party Cookies
The use of cookies by our tracking utility company is not covered by our privacy statement.
We do not have access or control over these cookies.
Our tracking utility company uses session ID and persistent cookies to help us assist you when you have a question about navigating the site.
Web beacons
Our Web pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.
This site has relationships with several other sites and financial institutions that allow
us to present information and features to you along with the right to use these companies
logos and link to their Web sites. 4myBenefits will never disclose any private information
about individual users to these third parties. This information from other sites and
financial institutions includes insurance carrier links, and the banners and links on the
financial calculator pages. When you click-through to a third party site, none of your
personal information is transmitted to the third party site.
We partner with
other third parties to provide specific services. For example, they may provide
assistance with technical email requirements. For these particular types of
services, we share some personal information to facilitate our
own services. These third parties are not allowed to use personal
information except for the purpose of providing these services.
You may be asked by your employer to fill out benefit enrollments or change your benefit
enrollment related information on our Web site. This information is for the purpose of
enrolling and using your employee benefits. The information is stored in the system to
make it convenient for you to reuse the information the next time you need to enroll or
change your benefit related information. This information will not be transmitted to any
third party, other than the insurance or other company for whom it is intended. In some
cases, you will be asked to print a copy for your records and sign the copy for return to
your company or benefit provider. You and your family's, dependents', and beneficiary's
medical information and history can be optionally entered on the site, or alternatively
filled in by hand. 4myBenifits Inc. stores this information for the sole purpose. Your family’s, dependents’ and beneficiaries may contact us at privacy@4mybenefits.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
If we allow medical information to be entered on the site, it will only
be used to print a completed copy of the form and then transmitted electronically to the
benefit provider. The medical information will then be discarded from our system.
We provide a chat capability so that we may easily answer your questions about our site.
This chat capability is provided by ProvideSupport.
The ProvideSupport service will set one or
more cookies on your computer. Any information you entered could conceivably be used by
ProvideSupport, so you should examine and be aware of ProvideSupport's privacy statement.
If you are a registered 4myBenefits agent, the information collected about
you will only be used to service your account and be presented to your
clients on their company benefits Web sites. This information includes your
name, email address, postal address and phone numbers, and any information
you add to your personal or agency's information page.
If you use our demo registration feature, we will use this information to generate sales
leads, and will contact you about your interest in our site. Your name, a postal
address and a valid
email address are required for you to register for a demo. If you include your postal address we would likely use this address to
contact you regarding your interest in our Web site. We will not disclose information you give on the demo registration form to
any third party without your prior consent.
How the information we collect is used
The information we collect from your employer, and from your input on our site, is used to
help you manage and track your portfolio of investments, insurance policies, and your
assets and liabilities. Occasionally, you will be sent information through your email
address regarding new features on the site or on other sites working in conjunction with
4myBenefits. You may choose to opt out of future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section
below.
The agent that services your group employee benefits contacts you from time to time to
offer you products and services to augment your employee benefits. These include, but are
not limited to: individual insurance products, investment products, and financial planning
services. The agent only has access to the information provided by you on your employee
benefits enrollment forms, unless you provide additional information in the form of email
or web-based requests for information. None of your other personal information is shared
with the servicing agent, except as described herein.
Any demographic information we collect will only be used in its aggregated form with third
parties and will not be linked to any of your personal information if it is used in this
way. We use this information for administering and improving the site.
We use your demographic information to tailor the site for your use, and make your
experience more enjoyable and useful. This demographic information includes age range,
gender, and family status, as well as information you have entered on the site.
4myBenefits will not sell, reveal or share any of your personal information to others,
except as described herein, unless we have your authorization.
If we are going to use your personal information in a manner different from
that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via email. You will have a choice
as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. However, if you
have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated your account,
then you will not be contacted. Nor will your personal information be used in this new
manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that may or may not
affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on
our Web site notifying users of the change prior to the change becoming effective. In some cases where we post a notice we will
also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the
changes in our privacy practices. We will also update our privacy statement to reflect
these changes.
Changing Your Personal Information
You may change certain information that we have collected about you. This information
includes your name, email address, age and your personal financial and insurance policy
information that you have entered on the site. Other information about you that has been
provided by your employer such as your salary and the cost of your benefits, is updated by
the employer on a periodic basis. Some data is updated monthly or quarterly and some other
information annually.
If you feel that there is an error in your personal information and/or are
having difficulty in changing this information, you may contact us via the
telephone or email contact information listed in the choice/opt-out or
correct/update sections below.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the
information under our control. All users' information is stored in a secured database on a
server separate from the Web site, and access to a user's information through the Web site
is only on a password protected basis. When you log in to the site, an SSL (secure socket
layer) connection is used. This encrypted session is used to help protect your login
information from unauthorized use. SSL is also used on pages that contain your personal
financial information. These pages have a clear notification that the page is secured by
SSL, and an indication of SSL should appear in the bottom bar of your web browser.
You can take steps to help ensure that your information remains secure and confidential.
Do not disclose your login information or password to anyone.
Use a password with mixed upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols.
Change your password on a regular basis.
Make sure you logout of 4myBenefits before you leave your computer. The button to logout
of 4myBenefits is in the top left hand corner of the page.
Close your browser after using 4myBenefits.
Please be aware that it is at least possible (notwithstanding our precautions) that
someone intent on surreptitiously gaining unauthorized access to the information we
collect might ultimately be successful, though any such access would be without our
consent. We think this is unlikely, and would of course take immediate steps to correct
any discovered breach of security.
Supplementation Information
This site supplements the information that you provide with information that is received
from third parties. Certain financial information entered by you is shown in conjunction
with information provided by your employer, such as company sponsored benefits.
Linked to 3rd Party Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.
Choice/Opt-Out
This site gives users the following options for removing their contact information and
personal information from our database to not receive future communications. Users still
may receive communications regarding their benefit plans to their work email address if
one is provided by the employer. This communication with the work email address is
governed by the relation we have with the employer. The work email address is the
company's property.
You can opt-out of future mailings by following the link to
http://www.4mybenefits.com/optout.asp on the page after you successfully log into the site
You can send email to privacy@4mybenefits.com
You can call one of the following telephone numbers: (513) 891-6726 or (800) 734-5144
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing,deleting and modifying information
previously provided.
Edit the information in the 4myAccounts section of the site
email privacy@4mybenefits.com
call one of the following telephone numbers: (513) 891-6726 or (800) 734-5144
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you, or your employer services.
If you wish to cancel your account 	or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services,
contact us at privacy@4mybenefits.com.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal
obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Contacting the Web site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or
your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
4myBenefits, Inc.
4665 Cornell Road
Suite 331
Cincinnati, OH 45241
privacy@4mybenefits.com