http://www.sensource.biz/privacy/
SenSource
800.239.1226Call us for assistance.
Home
Products
Support
About
Contact
Home » Our Commitment to Privacy
Company DetailsAbout Us
Technology
Testimonials
Partners
Careers
News & Press
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
At SenSource, we value our customers and respect their privacy. We hope that the following statement will help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard information provided to us on our website.
What type of information does SenSource collect?
We do not provided any personally identifying information from users unless it is voluntarily provided to us from one of our contact us forms. This contact form may include your name, company name, street address, telephone and fax numbers and certain other information so that we can provide you with the information you request. You are under no obligation to provide us with this information and not providing this information will not affect your ability to browse all functions of our website. When you visit our site, your browser automatically sends an IP (Internet Protocol) address and certain other information, including the type of browser that you use.
How do we use any information collected?
When you provide any personally identifying information to us, you communicate that you are knowingly and voluntarily providing us the information. We try to make sure that the personally identifying information you provide us remains private. We will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose the personally identifying information you provide to anyone outside of SenSource, our affiliated companies, or our respective contractors providing services to us (but in that case, information is disclosed only for purposes of providing those services) unless we are required by law or have a good faith basis that you are in violation of the terms of service of our site or federal, state or local laws. We will use the personally identifying information to respond to your requests. When you use the site, you consent to the transmission of your personally identifying information to us and to its use as described herein. We will not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us via this site in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. We may release information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law or to protect our rights.
Cookies
A cookie is a data file that web sites store on your computer’s hard drive when visiting their site. Like many companies, we use “cookie” technology on our site. These cookies may tell us whether you have visited our site before or are a new visitor and what material on our site you have viewed. The cookies we use do not collect any personally identifying information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookies do not extract any information from your computer. More information on cookies is located on The Federal Trade Commission’s web site. You should also be aware that we collect certain usage information about our site, such as the number and frequency of visitors to certain parts of the site. We may use this information for research or to improve our site. This data is used only in the aggregate and does not include any personally identifying information.
Contacting Us Regarding our Privacy Policy
Should you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail to info@sensourceinc.com, subject line “Privacy Policy.” If you would like us to remove previously provided information from our databases, contact us at the same email address, subject line “Remove” with your name and company name included in the body of the e-mail. Written requests can be sent to SenSource Inc, 3890 Oakwood Avenue, Youngstown, OH 44515.
Please note that this privacy policy applies to this site only, and not to other sites. We reserve the right to update and make changes to our Privacy Policy as necessary. The latest version of the Privacy Policy will be posted here as well as available in print by mail.
Questions?
Should you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, e-mail info@sensourceinc.com.
Home |
Products |
Support |
About |
News |
Contact |
Site Map
©
SenSource, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 3890 Oakwood Ave. Youngstown, OH 44515