http://www.folglade.co.uk/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltd take the privacy of its users seriously. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing a personalised and valuable
service. This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing practices of Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltd. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or
any queries with regard to these practices please contact our Privacy Officer by e-mail.
Our site contains links to third party sites which are not subject to this privacy policy. We recommend that you read the privacy policy of any such sites that you visit.
Information Collected
Personal information is collected by Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltd for and on behalf of Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltd only.
We collect personally identifiable information about you (your "Data") through:
the use of enquiry and registration forms
when you purchase any of our products or services
the provision of your details to us either online or offline
The elements of your Data that we collect may include:
Name
Job title
Company name
Company address, phone and fax number
Home address and phone number
Mobile telephone number
E-mail address
Payment details such as credit card information
If you are an folglade.co.uk subscriber we may also collect information regarding your use of the service.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We use your Data for purposes which may include:
conducting market research surveys
running competitions
providing you with information about products and services we offer (if you agree to receive such information)
sharing your Data with third party organisations who offer products or services which we feel may be of interest to you (providing you agree to receive such
information)
If you wish to receive information about Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltds products or services or from other carefully selected organisations about products or services they
offer, please indicate your preferences using the consent boxes when providing us with your Data. We may also disclose your information to business partners and to third
party suppliers we engage to provide services which involve processing data on our behalf, successors in title to our business or in accordance with a properly executed
court order or otherwise required to do so by law.
Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Devices
We use cookies to help personalise your use of our sites. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your computer's hard drive by the web server so that
the website can remember who you are. This information may include information relating to your use of our sites, information about your computer such as the computer's IP
address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at our site via a link from third party site, the URL of the linking page. If you are a registered user or
subscriber this may include your name and email address , which may be transferred to data processors for registered user or subscriber verification purposes. We use
information from cookies for purposes which may include:
identifying returning users, registrants and subscribers and to allow subscribers to be presented with a personalised version of the site
eliminating the need for returning users to re-enter their login details
enabling you to move more easily around our site
tracking your use of our site to better develop our sites in accordance with your requirements
building up a demographic profile
You can delete cookies from your hard drive at any time however this will mean that any settings such as your stored username and password will have to be reset. You can
set your internet browser so that it will not allow cookies to be stored on your computer. This may reduce functionality of the site, prevent access to subscriber-only areas
of the site and mean that certain features or content will not be available to you. Further information on how to prevent cookies from being stored on your computer can be
found on http://www.allaboutcookies.org under the "manage cookies" section. Alternatively go to the
help menu within your internet browser.
We may use pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files may be provided by either of our ad management partners, DoubleClick or
Atlas. These files enable DoubleClick or Atlas to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our
website. With cookies the information that Atlas, and Doubleclick, also using Spotlight technology, collects is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not
contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. For more information about DoubleClick, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go
to http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy. For more information about Atlas go
to http://www.atlassolutions.com.
Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltd use web analytics services through either Webstats, WebTrends or Google Analytics, provided by Google, Inc. WebTrends and Google Analytics uses
cookies to help us to analyse how users use Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltds sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our sites (including your IP address)
will be transmitted to and stored on servers in the United States. They will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our sites, compiling reports on
website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. They may also transfer this information to third parties where required
to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf. They will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Webstats,
WebTrends or Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to
use the full functionality of Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltds sites. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Webstats, WebTrends and Google in
the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Some of the advertisements you see on Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltds sites maybe generated by third parties. Some of these third parties generate their own cookies for
statistical purposes, for example, for tracking how many unique users have seen a particular advertisement, and how many times they have seen it, and for providing you with
advertisements that are more relevant to your interests. They do not contain personal information such as your name or email address. Revenue Science, who generate these
cookies have their own privacy policy at http://www.revenuescience.com/site/privacy.asp. Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltd do not have access to these cookies, although we may use statistical information arising from the third party cookies and provided to us by Revenue
Science, to improve the targeting of advertisements to users.
Security Policy
Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltd have appropriate measures in place to ensure that our users' Data is protected against unauthorised access or use, alteration, unlawful or
accidental destruction and accidental loss. User Data may be transferred outside the Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltd to data processors such as fulfillment houses but they will
act only on our instructions to provide the services required.
Transfer of Data
The Internet is a global environment. Using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis.
Therefore, by browsing the Folglade Pipe & Fittings Ltd Sites and communicating electronically with us you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way.
By agreeing to our transfer of your Data to third party organisations for them to send you details of products and services offered (as detailed above) you are deemed to
provide your consent to any transfer of your Data to organisations based outside the European Economic Area.
User Access and Control of Data
If you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you, or update your marketing preferences, please contact us. Calls made to these numbers may be recorded for
training and quality control purposes. In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, you may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you by contacting
the Privacy Officer by e-mail. We may charge the statutory allowable fee for provision of this information.
Children Under 14
We do not intentionally collect any information on children under 14 years of age. We will undertake to delete any details of such users where a parent or guardian has
notified us that any such details have been obtained.
Changes to this Policy
This policy is effective December 2011. From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy statement to reflect any changes to our privacy practices in
accordance with changes to legislation, best practice or website enhancements.