http://www.cgml.co.uk/home/terms
Culross Global Investment Management
Home
About Us
Team
Funds
Wealth Management
Contact
Login
Home
About Us
Team
Services
Private Credit
Alternative Funds
Wealth Management
Culross Funds Platform
Contact
Login
Terms of Use
Please read the following information carefully:
Culross Global Investment Management Ltd is regulated in the conduct of investment services business by the Malta Financial Services Authority
by virtue of a Category 2 Investment Services Licence and qualifies as a full ‘Alternative Investment Fund Manager’.
The Funds described on this website are funds in respect of which Culross Global Investment Management Limited provides investment management services.
Notice
In return for Culross Global Investment Management Limited allowing you access to this website,
Culross Global Investment Management Limited imposes and requires you to accept the terms and conditions of its use set out in this notice.
Your continued use of our website indicates your acceptance of and acknowledgement of these terms and conditions and the regulatory information as amended.
If you are not prepared to agree to these terms, Culross Global Investment Management Limited requires you to leave the website immediately.
Disclaimer and limitation of liability
The information on this website has been issued and approved by Culross Global Investment Management Limited and does not in any way constitute investment,
tax, legal or other advice. If you are in any doubt about any of the information on this website, please consult your financial or other professional adviser.
The website is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer, or recommendation to acquire or dispose of any investment
or to engage in any other transaction in any jurisdiction.
Culross Global Investment Management Limited makes no representations, warranties or undertakings as to the accuracy of the content of our website
or as to whether any information you download is virus or error free.
Neither Culross Global Investment Management Limited nor any of its directors, officers, employees or agents shall have any liability, howsoever arising,
for any error or incompleteness of fact or opinion in it or lack of care in its preparation or publication; provided that this shall not exclude liability
to the extent that this is not permissible under the law relating to financial services. All statements and opinions are for personal and information purposes only
and are subject to change without notice.
Culross Global Investment Management Limited makes no representation that the information or materials on this website are appropriate for use in all locations,
or that any investments or services which are referred to on this website are available in all jurisdictions, to everyone, or at all.
In accessing this website, you are responsible for compliance with local laws or regulations and for obtaining your own legal,
tax and financial advice before entering into any transaction.
We do not take any responsibility for the content of off-site pages or any other websites linked or linking to the website.
Switzerland
In Switzerland, Culross Global SPC Limited (the Fund) is considered to be a foreign investment scheme pursuant to Art. 119 of the Swiss Federal Collective Investment Schemes Act (CISA).
No application has been submitted to the Federal Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) to obtain approval within the meaning of Art. 120 CISA
to offer or distribute the investment in or from Switzerland to “Non-Qualified Investors”, and no other steps have been taken in this direction.
Consequently, investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection and/or FINMA supervision pursuant to the CISA and its implementing ordinances.
Any offer or sale must therefore be in strict compliance with Swiss law, and in particular with the provisions of the Collective Investment Schemes Act
and its implementing ordinances, and FINMA circular 2013/9 on distribution of collective investment schemes.
No person or entity is authorized to offer or sell the Shares or distribute any Fund Documentation, including the Prospectus,
the Articles of Incorporation and annual reports issued by the Fund from time to time or promotional material pertaining to the Fund in or from Switzerland other than to
"Qualified Investors", as defined in Article 10 of the CISA and Articles 6 and 6a of the CISO and any circulars issued by FINMA.
The Fund has appointed as Swiss Representative: Oligo Swiss Fund Services SA, Av. Villamont 17, 1005 Lausanne, Switzerland, Tel: +41 21 311 17 77, email: info@oligofunds.ch.
The Fund’s paying agent is Banque Cantonale de Genève. Any Fund Documentation may be obtained free of charge from the Swiss Representative in Lausanne.
In respect of the Shares distributed in or from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is at the registered office of the Swiss Representative.
Regulatory information
Culross Global Investment Management Limited is licensed to provide investment services by the Malta Financial Services Authority.
The material in this website is directed solely at market counterparties and institutional or expert clients.
The material is not directed at, may not be suitable for and should not be relied on by retail clients.
Culross Global Investment Management Limited does not provide investment advisory services to retail clients.
By accessing this website you acknowledge and confirm that you are not a retail client and as such your rights will not be protected.
Should you be dissatisfied with any aspect of the service provided to you; in the first instance please contact our Chief Operating Officer to outline your concerns.
Alternatively, you may request a summary of our complaints procedures or make a complaint in writing to:
Culross Global Investment Management Limited
FAO: Compliance Officer
Forni 2E
Forni Complex
Valletta Waterfront
Floriana FRN 1913
Malta
If you are unhappy with our response, which we must have provided to you within eight weeks, you may be eligible to contact the MFSA’s Consumer Complaints Unit.
Culross Global Management Limited
FAO: Compliance Officer
32 Ludgate Hill
London EC4M 7DR
United Kingdom
If you are unhappy with our response, which we must have provided to you within eight weeks, you may be eligible to contact the Financial Ombudsman Service.
Unsolicited ideas
Culross Global Investment Management Limited has a policy not to accept unsolicited ideas from third parties.
The reason is that Culross Global Investment Management Limited is keen to avoid disputes or misunderstandings when Culross Global Investment Management Limited’s products, services,
marketing or other business activities seem similar to ideas submitted by third parties.
Therefore, please do not send unsolicited ideas to Culross Global Investment Management Limited.
If, despite this policy, you insist on sending your unsolicited ideas, Culross Global Investment Management gives no guarantee that it will answer your correspondence
or regard your ideas as confidential.
Licence for own use
You may view this site electronically and you may, for your own use only, save to your individual storage medium
and print such extracts from this site as are necessary for such use (“extracted material”).
Licence to recopy for limited purposes
You may recopy extracted material to individual third parties for their personal use only, but only if:
You acknowledge the Culross Global Investment Management Limited website as the source of the extracted material.
You must include such acknowledgement and the Culross Global Investment Management Limited website address www.culrossglobal.com in the copy of the extracted material.
You inform the third party that these conditions apply to them and that they must comply with them.
You recopy the extracted material in complete and unmodified form.
This licence to re-copy does not permit incorporation of the extracted material or any part of it in any other work or publication,
whether in hard copy or electronic or any other form.
In particular (but without limitation) no part of the Culross Global Investment Management Limited website may be distributed or recopied for any commercial purpose or for a fee.
Culross Global Investment Management Limited reserves the right at any time at its discretion to withdraw or modify the licences set out above.
Data Protection
Culross Global Investment Management Limited operates this website and is the Data Controller of all your personal data processed in connection with this website.
For the purposes of this website the term 'Personal Data' means any information relating to an identifiable person who can be identified directly
or indirectly by reference to an identification card number or to one of more factors specific to his physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
Culross Global Investment Management Limited regards your privacy as very important.
Any personal information you provide to Culross Global Investment Management Limited through this website will be dealt with in accordance with the Company’s Privacy Policy.
Legal Info
Terms of use
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Regulatory Disclosures
ESG
Ethical Investing and Social Responsibility
Award winning
Since 2007, Culross has won over 20 awards for its products and services.