http://www.sportclips.com/about-us/privacy-policy
skip to main content
HomeAbout UsOur StoryHaircuts with HeartPress BoxPodcastContact UsFAQPrivacy PolicyADA UpdatesCCPA Data Removal RequestSport Clips Clean Certified Program - Team Member and Client SafetyTerms & ConditionsProductsCareersStylistSupport CenterOwn A StoreFranchise OpportunitiesRequest InformationReal EstatePartnershipsSport Clips RacingHelp A Hero Connect With Us
Enter city or zip code
Search
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy of Sport Clips, Inc. was updated on January 1, 2020
This Privacy Policy explains our use of any personal information you may supply Sport Clips, Inc. ("SCI") when visiting our websites or stores owned by SCI or using the SCI mobile application. This Policy also describes how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your personal information. SCI does not provide access to or disclose your personal information to any third party for monetary or other valuable consideration, and only as described in this Privacy Policy, and has not done so during the 12 month period prior to our most current and updated Privacy Policy.
We recognize and respect the privacy of our clients, visitors and users of our web site and mobile applications. We do not collect personal information about visitors to our websites or stores owned by SCI or users of our mobile application unless it is 1) aggregated and non-sensitive data used to improve the overall user experience and 2) voluntarily provide it to us. Our purpose in collecting your personal information online or in stores owned by SCI or on our mobile application is to provide you with relevant information that meets your specific needs and to ensure that your visit to our websites or Sport Clips stores or your use of the mobile application is efficient and productive.
Types of Information We Collect and How It Is Used
The only personal information SCI has collected from any source, and during the 12 months prior to our most recently updated Privacy Policy, has been first and last names, physical addresses and email addresses voluntarily provide to us, except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. Personal information may be collected to ask for feedback on our websites, mobile application, products or services, or to enter you in one of our prize promotions. In addition, we collect location information with your permission if you choose to use the Online Check In feature of the web site or the mobile application. (If you use a mobile device and have provided permission, location information will also be collected even if you do not choose to use the Online Check In feature.) At stores owned by SCI, personal information also includes your credit or debit card number and related information (e.g., card expiration date) if used to pay for service(s) purchased at that store. SCI never stores your credit card information on its electronic systems. In all cases, unless otherwise expressly indicated by this Privacy Policy, personal information will only be used by SCI for the specific purpose for which it was collected except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Purpose and Use of Collected Personal Information
SCI is a franchising company, and we may share your personal information within the Sport Clips System. The Sport Clips System includes Sport Clips, Inc., Sport Clips area developers, Sport Clips franchisees, and our affiliates. Parties in the Sport Clips System may have access to your personal information, but we direct each party in the Sport Clips System to comply with our Privacy Policy. Occasionally, with your permission, we will send marketing information to you, such as discount coupons or information about new services. If you elect not to receive such materials, we will no longer send them to you.
Companies may be hired by SCI to perform a variety of functions, such as assisting with promotions, marketing, or providing technical services for our websites, mobile application, etc. (At stores owned by SCI, such companies also include entities that assist SCI in facilitating and processing credit card/debit card transactions.) These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform these functions. However, our direction to these companies is that they may only use such personal information for performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose; furthermore, such companies have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
Although SCI does not sell or trade your Personal Information, we may use Personal Information for business purposes and have done so during the 12 month period prior to our current Privacy Policy. Business purposes include the following:
Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with laws and other standards;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Performing services on behalf of business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Short-term, transient use, provided the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction;
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality of services provided by the Sport Clips System.
SCI will use or disclose Personal Information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to fulfill your requests, to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation, or to cooperate in an investigation involving public safety.
The Right to Request Your Personal Information
You may request to receive a copy of the information SCI has collected on or about you and with whom that information was shared, and/or update your personal information from our electronic systems. You may make either request through our Contact Us page, by sending SCI an email at privacy@sportclips.com, or by mailing a written request to:
Sport Clips, Inc.Attn: Privacy110 Sport Clips WayGeorgetown, Texas 78628
You may make a personal information request twice in any 12-month period. Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identify, and SCI will respond within 45 days of receiving your request and verifying your identity.
Opting Out and Access
You may opt out of our marketing emails directly at any time by using the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email itself, or by sending to us a letter through the U.S. mail addressed to Sport Clips, Inc., Attn: Privacy, 110 Sport Clips way, Georgetown, Texas 78628. If at any time, you would like to opt out of further electronic communication such as email or text message from us or any party affiliated with the Sports Clips System, you can let SCI know through our Contact Us page, by sending an email to privacy @sportclips.com, or by mailing a written request to:
Sport Clips, Inc.Attn: Privacy110 Sport Clips WayGeorgetown, Texas 78628
If you are using a mobile device, in addition to advising us through our Contact Us page, sending us a notice through the mail or sending us an email, you may do the following:
If at any time, you would like to opt out of further text message communications from us or any party affiliated with the Sports Clips System, you can let us know by texting STOP. (You may, however, receive one [1] additional text message confirming your decision to unsubscribe.)
If at any time, you would like to opt out of “push notifications” (i.e., notifications sent to you from the mobile application when it is not open), modify your consent settings on your mobile device.
If at any time, you would like to disable the collection of location information, modify your consent settings on your mobile device.
Cookies
"Cookies" are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the website to remember important information that will make your use of our websites more convenient. Like most websites, SCI uses cookies for a variety of purposes to improve your on-line experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our websites on an anonymous aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the website, to administer certain contests and sweepstakes, or to help customize your Sport Clips web experience. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in those instances. Other than as described in this paragraph, SCI does not use cookies to track your use of the internet.
Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the "Help" section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Please be advised that if you choose to disable cookies, this will limit your access to certain features or functionality of the website, thereby affecting your experience in using the website.
We may also utilize cookies on mobile devices.
Minors and Children’s Privacy
This website and mobile application are intended for general audiences and we do not knowingly collect personal information from minors, or children under the age of 13 or as defined as minors within the relevant jurisdiction, at the website or via the mobile application. If we become aware of collecting personal information on the website or mobile application from any child under the age of 13, we will immediately delete such personal information. If a parent or legal guardian believes that his/her child under the age of 13 has provided personal information on the website or mobile application, please contact us through our Contact Us page, by sending us an email to privacy@SportClips.com or at by mailing a notice to:
Sport Clips, Inc.Attn: Privacy110 Sport Clips WayGeorgetown, Texas 78628
Links to Other Websites
From time to time, we may post links to other websites owned and operated by third parties. We have no control over the content or the policies of these websites. If you visit the linked website, you should check the privacy policy of that web site.
Franchisee Websites and Stores
Most Sport Clips salons are owned and operated by franchisees, who are independent businessmen and women. Some franchisees may also operate independent websites. We have no control over the content of these websites, nor the policies of these stores and websites as to the collection, sharing or use of personal information. If you visit a website that is owned and operated by an independent Sport Clips franchisee, please review the privacy policy of that website to determine the privacy policy of that website. If you visit a store that is owned and operated by an independent Sport Clips franchisee, you may inquire regarding their in-store information collection policies.
Miscellaneous
SCI will only store information collected via this Privacy Policy for as long as is necessary to perform the corresponding function and/or to comply with applicable legal requirements. By using the website or mobile application, you agree to SCI storing and process this information in the United States. SCI uses administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized use or disclosure of personal information; however, we caution that no safeguard is fool-proof or provides absolute protection against unauthorized use/disclosure of personal information.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is effective as of January 1, 2020. From time to time, we may change this privacy policy. If we change our policy, we will post the revised version here. Any changes will not be applied retroactively and will not change how we handle previously collected information.
For California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) goes into effect on January 1, 2020, which requires that we notify you of certain rights under California law. (However, SCI extends these rights to even those who reside outside the state of California.)
In addition to sending us an email to privacy@sportclips.com or sending to us a letter through the U.S. mail addressed to Sport Clips, Inc., 110 Sport Clips Way, Georgetown, Texas 78628, you can go to sportclipsccpa.com for information of your privacy rights or to make a request under the California Privacy Act
You have the right to request disclosure of our data collection and sales practices in connection with you, including the categories of personal information we have collected, the source of the information, our use of the information and, if the information was disclosed or sold to third parties, the categories of personal information disclosed or sold to third parties and the categories of third parties to whom such information was disclosed or sold.
You have the right to request a copy of the specific personal information collected by Sport Clips, Inc. about you during the 12 months before your request, which is called a “personal information request.”
You have the right to have your personal information deleted from our system (with a few exceptions) by visiting http://www.sportclipsccpa.com and requesting that you are removed from our information technology systems.
SCI does not sell your personal information to any party, but you still have the right to request that your personal information not be sold.
You have the right to not be discriminated against because you exercise any of the rights listed in our Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about SCI's privacy policy, please contact us at privacy@SportClips.com or send us a letter to Sport Clips, Inc., Attn: Privacy, 110 Sport Clips Way, Georgetown, Texas 78628.