http://www.uktaxadvisor.com/privacy.htm
Stephen
J. Dann
~ ITPA ~
UK Tax Advisor
Privacy policy
Index to Other Pages on
this Website
Legal Position
I am personally committed to protecting your privacy, and take
my responsibilities regarding the security of client information very
seriously. This policy explains how I use any client information and
how I protect your privacy.
This website website (the Site) is owned and maintained by me personally and is also updated without assistance from any third party, and
is available to persons anywhere in the world. The distribution of
material on the Site may be restricted by the laws or regulations of the
country from which you are accessing the Site. Where there are such restrictions
then this information is not intended for distribution to, or use by,
any person or entity in any such jurisdiction and persons accessing these
pages are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
All information on the Site is issued subject to my
terms of business which clients are encouraged to read.
here
Use of Client Information
I do not collect personal information from you unless
you provide it to me. This means that you can visit this site without telling
me who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about
yourself.
When you supply information about yourself for a specific purpose, I
use the information for only that purpose (such as to provide the advice
or information you have requested).
I require certain information to allow me to provide any advice. This often
includes your name, postal and email addresses. This information allows
me to respond tp your request and deal with any subsequent queries arising.
Personally identifiable information is stored on my Web server and is
not publicly accessible. Further, personally identifiable information
can only be accessed by employees on a "need to know" basis.
I use email links on the Site to allow you to contact me directly via
e-mail. I use the information provided in your e-mail to respond to your
questions or comments. I may also store your comments for future reference.
Disclosure to Third Parties
I do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information
to others. I never disclose information about a client or enquiry without
your explicit permission UNLESS I am obliged to by law.
Security
When you pay for my services by credit card I offer the latest secure server software (SSL
version 3) which encrypts all information you input before it is transmitted.
Furthermore, as required by the UK Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998,
I follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of
information which you have given me to prevent unauthorized access. My
security procedures mean that I may occasionally request proof of identity
before I am able to disclose sensitive information to you.
Any credit or debit card information provided is submitted directly to
WorldPay who process orders on my behalf and the respective credit card companies. This information is not
made available to me.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser
on your computer's hard drive, and allow me to gather anonymous clickstream
information. Cookies can be deleted from your hard drive if you do not
want your web usage information to be revealed. Most web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to prevent that.
Even without a cookie you can use most of the features on the Site.
Anonymous clickstream information is collected for every visitor to the
Site. This includes pages viewed, date and time, and browser type. IP
numbers are not stored, but are temporarily used to determine domain type
and in some cases, geographic region. I do not make any association between
this information and a visitor's identity.
Site Tracking
I use site tracking software to monitor traffic patterns and site usage
to help me develop the design and layout of the Site. The software does
not enable me to capture any personally identifying information and I
do not make any association between this information and a visitor's identity.
Your Consent
In using The Site, you consent to the collection and
use of information by me. in the ways described
above. If you have any further questions about my privacy policy or its
implementation, please contact me by email
here.
If I decide to change my privacy policy, I will post those changes
on this page so that you are always aware of what information I collect,
how I use it, and in what circumstances I disclose it. Changes will
not be made retrospectively, and will only apply to data collected subsequent
to the date of any change of policy.
Links to other Web Sites
The Site may contain links to other Web sites. Please note that when
you click on one of these links, you are entering another site. I encourage
you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy
policy may differ from mine. I cannot accept responsibility
for the accuracy or content of such linked sites. In creating hypertext
links to any other website, I am not recommending that
Website or giving any assurances as to its standing.
Stephen J. Dann, April, 2020
Index to Other Pages on
this Website
Testimonials relevant to this page
Click on link to view testimonial
Stephen Dann provided clear advice - congratulations use of new technology
Stephen Dann provided a courteous and professional service
Impressed with all of my dealings with Stephen Dann
Stephen Dann provides a professional service
Recommending ex-pat friends to Stephen Dann
Would welcome emails from visitors to this site