https://www.dunhameng.com/privacy-policy/
Home | Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting DunhamEng.com and reviewing our Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us, and our policy is simple: we will collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit DunhamEng.com unless you choose to provide that information. This Privacy Policy does not describe information collection practices on other sites, including those linked to or from DunhamEng.com.
What Type of Information We Collect and Use:
The server on which DunhamEng.com is located collects and saves only the default information customarily logged by web server software. Such information may include the date and time of your visit, the originating IP address, and the pages and images requested.
Like most Web sites, DunhamEng.com also collects and logs information automatically and through the use of electronic web beaconing tools that may be transparent to you, such as your IP address, the name and location of your Internet Service Provider, the type and version of your browser, the length of time that you stay on DunhamEng.com, search queries, your click-stream data, the location that referred you to DunhamEng.com and the average number of pages viewed. DunhamEng.com does not create, place or analyze data “cookies.”
If you visit another Web site prior to browsing DunhamEng.com, that Web site might place information within a URL, such as search queries, which may be logged by us. Your IP address is the identifier assigned to your particular computer when you access the Internet. Depending on how you connect to the Internet, your IP address may always be the same, or it may change each time you access the Internet. Note that logging your IP address does not provide us with personally identifiable information such as your name, e-mail address or home or work address.
Changes and Updates to This Policy:
We reserve the right to change the information, services, features and policies at any time. We will post changes to this and any other policies on this website in writing.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Dunham Associates
50 South Sixth Street / Suite 1100
Minneapolis, MN 55402-1540