https://www.lindeplc.com/en/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
COVID-19 statement
Read our response to the coronavirus pandemic.
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Print
Read our Privacy Statement
With the following data privacy notice, we would like to inform you about the processing of your personal data by Linde plc (in the following “Linde”).
From time to time, it may be necessary to adapt this privacy policy as whole as well as specific parts of it to comply with the up to date legal requirements or to cover the introduction of new services. The most recent version of our data privacy notice can be found at www.linde.com/en/privacy-statement.
I. General
Information regarding Data Protection at Linde plc
1. Controller
The controller responsible for the processing of your
personal data in the sense of data protection law is Linde.
Questions, requests and comments
regarding this privacy statement can be addressed at any time to:
Contact:
Company Secretary
Linde plc
The Priestley Centre
10 Priestley Rd.
Surrey Research Park
Guildford GU2 7XY
United Kingdom
2. Your Data Privacy Rights
In connection with any processing of personal data by Linde,
all data subjects have the following rights pursuant to Articles 15 to 21 GDPR
- within the statutory limits of the member states:
Right of access;
Right to rectification;
Right to erasure;
Right to restriction of processing;
Right to data portability;
Right to object.
Furthermore, you have the right to revoke your consent to
the processing of your personal data at any time with effect for the future.
Such revocation has no effect for the past, i.e. it does not affect the
effectiveness of the data processing carried out up to the revocation.
If you are of the opinion that the processing of personal
data by Linde is not in accordance with the data protection regulations or you
are not satisfied with the information provided by us, you have the right to
file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority (see Art. 77 GDPR).
3. Transfer to Third Party Countries or International
Organizations
We take care not to transfer your data to recipients in
countries without an adequate level of data protection (third party countries).
However, in some cases, this cannot be completely avoided. Where this is the
case, Linde has taken and will take appropriate measures to ensure an adequate
level of data protection at the recipient at all times.
4. Storage and Retention Periods
We process personal data only as long as it is necessary for
the fulfillment of our contract obligations. As soon as the data concerned is no
longer required for this, it is generally deleted.
However,
in order to comply with certain legal requirements, we must store some data
beyond the termination of contractual relationships. This includes commercial
and tax documentation, evidence and storage obligations. In these cases, we are
generally required to safeguard or store data for three to ten years, or in
rare instances, e.g. in legal disputes for up to 30 years.
II. Processing of Personal Data by Linde for Core Business Purposes
Linde is offering customers from the industrial retail, trade, science, research and public sectors a comprehensive product and service portfolio. Our customers, suppliers and partners are as diverse as we are. To conduct our complex international business, it is necessary to process personal data.
1. Type and Origin of Personal Data
processed by Linde
We process personal data only to the extent necessary to
fulfill our contractual and legal obligations in connection with the business
relationship with our customers, suppliers and partners. “Processing” means
that we collect, store, delete or transfer personal data, to list a few
examples.
Personal data processed by us includes:
Master and contact data of customers and
suppliers, such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, function,
department of our contact persons, etc.
Data we need for invoicing and payment
processing, such as bank details, tax number, credit management information,
etc., as far as it concerns the data of a natural person;
Supplier and customer relationship management
information, such as order history, etc., as far as it concerns the data of a
natural person;
Special categories of personal data relating to
customers of our healthcare business, such as diagnosis and therapy related
information required for treatment.
We regularly receive the personal data processed by us
within the framework of and in the course of our business relationship with our
customers. In some cases, we also receive personal data from affiliated
companies of Linde, e.g. contact data from suppliers within Linde’s supplier
relationship management.
In some cases, we also process personal data that we have
received in another manner, in accordance with the applicable data protection
laws. This is regularly the case regarding:
Publicly accessible sources, e.g. trade and
business registers, trade fairs, exhibitions, Internet sources, newspapers,
trade directories, etc.
Third parties who are not affiliated with Linde,
e.g. trade/business associations, credit agencies, insurance companies, etc.
2. Purpose for Processing by Linde and Legal
Basis
We process your personal data only for permitted purposes
and in accordance with the applicable legal provisions of the GDPR and relevant
national data protection laws.
2.1 We process Data to fulfill our
Contractual Obligations
We process personal data to fulfill our contractual
obligations towards our customers and suppliers or to carry out so-called
pre-contractual measures, which take place upon a specific request.
In these cases, the purpose of data processing is determined
by the contract we have concluded with our customers or suppliers and services that
are provided under this contract. This also includes, for example, the processing
of personal data in the context of sending catalogues, information on our
services or the preparation of specific offers.
2.2 We process Data to protect Legitimate Interests
We also process personal data insofar as it is necessary to
safeguard the legitimate interests of Linde or Linde companies as well as our
customers (and, if applicable, other third parties). Where this is the case, we
process personal data only after due consideration of your relevant interests.
This includes in detail e.g.:
The supply of Linde products and the provision
of services;
Customer service and handling of complaints;
Direct mail, provided you have not objected to
the processing of your personal data for these purposes;
The surveillance of publicly accessible rooms in
our branches with optical-electronic equipment (video surveillance);
Transfer of personal data within Linde for
internal administrative purposes;
2.3 We process Data with your Consent
We also process your personal data if you have given us your
consent. You may revoke your consent at any time. Please note, however, that
data processing up to the date of revocation remains permissible.
2.4 We process Data to fulfill Legal Obligations
We are required to process certain data in order to comply
with legal obligations. Such obligations may arise from certain provisions of national
commercial, trade, tax and social law as well as European legislation, e.g. in
connection with regulations to avoid the financing of terrorism. In detail,
this may also result in obligations for Linde to safeguard, store, report and
collect data, which generally serve control purposes from the respective
authorities.
2.5 Information regarding Change of Purpose
Should we process your personal data for any reason other
than that for which we originally collected them, we will inform you of this
new purpose to the extent permitted by law.
3. Recipients of your Data
Personal data will only be made available to other companies
of Linde if and insofar as this is necessary to protect our legal and
contractual rights and obligations. This, for example, can be the case for the
coordination of our contractual services. Typical examples are centralized
supplier and customer management services, centralized IT services and internal
shared service center in finance and accounting.
We cooperate with external service providers to fulfill certain contractual obligations. This is the case, for example, in connection
with specific supplier and customer management services, hosting of IT
infrastructure and external shared service center in finance and accounting, payment
processing (credit card, direct debiting, purchase on account), logistics and
delivery, promotional activities or the transaction of online orders. As far as
we involve external service providers, this always takes place within the legal
limits and in compliance with the applicable data protection regulations.
We only transfer personal data to other recipients outside Linde
if we are legally obliged to do so. In all other cases, we will only transfer
your data to other third parties if you have given us your corresponding
consent.
In the context of the continuous development of our
business, we may divest subsidiaries or business parts or merge our business or
parts thereof with another company. Such transactions typically entail the
transfer of customer information pertaining to the sold or divested subsidiary
or business part to the buyer or to the company created by the merger. Your
personal information continues to be governed by the provisions of this privacy
policy in this case. In the unlikely event of a complete sale of Linde or
substantial parts thereof, your personal information will also be transferred
to the buyer.
4. Obligation to provide Data
In order to be able to provide our services to our
customers, we must process certain personal data or are legally obliged to do
so. We collect the corresponding data from you upon conclusion of the contract
(e.g. address, business contact data and function).
Without these data we cannot conclude contracts with our
customers.
5. Automated Decision-Making and Profiling
We do
not use automated decision-making processes for procedures that have legal
implications or a similarly significant impact on you. No decision will be made
without further human review.
III. How we use Personal
Data for the purposes of our Websites
The companies of Linde operate websites to provide you with information regarding the companies of Linde and their products and services.
1. Type and Origin of Personal Data
processed by Linde
When you visit one of the websites of Linde, we collect
certain personal data from you. Personal data processed in this connection includes
your name, address, phone number or email address.
Personal data processed in connection with the operation of
our websites is typically provided by you in the course of using our website.
In some cases, however, personal data processed can also be
provided by third parties who are not affiliated with Linde, such as internet
service providers, marketing affiliates or software plug-ins. The following
data (in particular log information and device data) is automatically processed
by Linde:
The name of your Internet Service Provider (ISP)
Your IP address
Your browser type and your operating system (OS)
Date, duration and time of your visit
Visited websites
Extracted data & downloaded files
Your country
Your referrer URL
Your search term in case you were referred
to our website by a search engine
2. Purpose for processing by Linde and Legal
Basis
We process personal data only to the extent necessary in
each case.
2.1 We process Data to fulfill our
Contractual Obligations
We process personal data to fulfill our contractual
obligations towards our customers or to carry out so-called pre-contractual
measures, which take place upon a specific request. This may be the case when
you register for certain services, for online orders or our supplier portal.
2.2 We process Data to protect Legitimate Interests
We also process personal data insofar as it is necessary to
safeguard the legitimate interests of Linde or Linde companies as well as our
costumers (and, if applicable, other third parties). Where this is the case, we
process personal data only after due consideration of your relevant interests.
This includes in detail e.g.:
Measures to analyze pseudonymized user behavior to
further improve our websites,
Measures to provide website functionalities such
as user account management, shopping carts
2.3 We process Data with your Consent
We also process your personal data if you have given us your
consent. You may revoke your consent at any time. Please note, however, that
data processing up to the date of revocation remains permissible.
This includes
in detail e.g.:
Newsletter registrations,
Promotions,
Contact enquiries
3. Recipients of your Data
3.1 The Linde Group Companies and Service
Providers
Linde shares personal information as outlined above (see
Section II. 3).
3.2 Social Media Providers
On some websites, Linde integrates some additional content
and publications (blogs, posts, news, videos, interviews etc.) which has already
been published in other social media / social networks (e.g. Facebook,
LinkedIn, Twitter). As long as you do not click on any such content, no
personal information will be transmitted to the respective social media
provider.
By clicking on Social Media Wall content, your IP address
will be transferred to the respective social media provider and stored,
processed and used there in accordance with his privacy policy. An information
banner at the Social Media Wall informs you that by clicking on a specific
content, you agree to such transfer of your personal information.
You can find further details regarding the processing of
your personal information by the social media providers here:
Facebook privacy policy
LinkedIn privacy policy
Twitter privacy policy
Instagram privacy policy
YouTube privacy policy
4. Cookies
We use cookies. Further information regarding the nature
& purpose of cookies employed by us are contained in our cookie policy,
available at:
www.lindeplc.com/en/cookie-policy
5. Links
Our
websites contain links to other websites, which are subject to separate data
protection notices of the respective operators of such websites.
Important Notice
Information regarding our Right of Objection
1. Objection in particular Individual Situations
You have the right to object at any time to certain types of
processing of your data for reasons arising from your particular situation.
This right applies to data processing in the public interest and to data
processing to protect legitimate separate interests. This right also applies to
profiling, insofar as it is based on these two provisions.
In the event of a contradiction, we will cease processing
your personal data. However, this does not apply if we can prove compelling
reasons worthy of protection for the processing, that outweigh your interests,
rights and freedoms, or if the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend
legal claims.
2. Objection to processing for Direct Marketing
purposes
In individual cases we process your personal data for direct
marketing purposes. This is the case, for example, if we send you information
about special offers or discount promotions.
You have the right to object to the processing of your
personal data for these purposes. This right also applies to profiling insofar
as it is connected to direct marketing.
In the event of any objection, we will no longer process
your personal data for these purposes.
Your
objection does not require any specific form and can be e-mailed to us at info@linde.com.