https://www.nationalcareerfairs.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Data Controller and Owner
www.nationalcareerfairs.com
NCF Holdings LLC
NATIONAL CAREER FAIRS
1291 Galleria Drive
Suite 170
Henderson NV, 89014
Owner contact email: privacy@ncfevents.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: general activity data, body measurements & indexes, movement activity, food related activity , sleeping activity, heart rate and other vital data, blood type, gender, date of birth, Cookies, Usage Data, email address, first name, last name, username, website, phone number, VAT Number, company name, profession, address, fax number, country, state, province, ZIP/Postal code, various types of Data, city, Tax ID, field of activity, User ID, number of employees, password, Social Security number (SSN), picture, workplace, marital status, billing address, shipping address, house number, prefix , data relating to the point of sale, language, profile picture, Twitter handle, budget, academic background, Email and geographic position.
Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.
Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Handling activity data, Remarketing and behavioral targeting, Managing contacts and sending messages, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Analytics, Backup saving and management, Advertising, Content commenting, Contacting the User, Registration and authentication, Access to third party accounts, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, RSS feed management, User database management, Location-based interactions, Displaying content from external platforms, SPAM protection, Content performance and features testing (A/B testing), Social features, Interaction with data collection platforms and other third parties, Handling payments, Interaction with online survey platforms, Infrastructure monitoring, Platform services and hosting and Interaction with live chat platforms.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Facebook permissions asked by this Application
This Application may ask for some Facebook permissions allowing it to perform actions with the User’s Facebook account and to retrieve information, including Personal Data, from it.
For more information about the following permissions, refer to the Facebook permissions documentation and to the Facebook privacy policy.
The permissions asked are the following:
Basic information
By default, this includes certain User’s Data such as id, name, picture, gender, and their locale. Certain connections of the User, such as the Friends, are also available. If the User has made more of their Data public, more information will be available.
About Me
Provides access to the ‘About Me’ section of the profile.
Access Friend Lists
Provides access to any friend lists the User created.
Access Page CTA
Provides the access to manage call to actions on User-managed Pages.
Access private data
Access the User’s and friends’ private data.
Access Requests
Provides read access to the User’s friend requests.
Activities
Provides access to the User’s list of activities.
App Notifications
Send notifications.
Birthday
Provides access to the birthday.
Books Actions
Business Management API
Read and write with Business Management API.
Chat
Provides applications that integrate with Facebook Chat the ability to log in Users.
Checkins
Provides read access to the authorized User’s check-ins.
Contact email
Access the User’s contact email address.
Create Events
Enables the application to create and modify events on the User’s behalf.
Create notes
Add or modify notes.
Current City
Provides access to the User’s current location.
Custom Friend Lists Access
Provides access to the names of custom lists the User has created to organize their friends.
Custom User Actions
Allows the app retrieve the actions published by another application as specified by the app namespace.
Deals
Read the deal activity.
Education History
Provides access to education history.
Email
Provides access to the User’s primary email address.
Events
Provides access to the list of events the User is attending.
Export Posts
Export the posts and make them public. All posts will be exported, including status updates.
Family Members and Relationship Status
Provides access to the User’s family and personal relationships and relationship status.
Fitness Actions
Friend subscriptions
Friends’ About Me
Provides access to the ‘About Me’ section of the friends’ profile.
Friends’ Activities
Provides access to the friends’ list of activities.
Friends’ birthdays
Provides access to the friends’ birthdays.
Friends’ Checkins
Provides read access to the friends’ check-ins that the User can see.
Friends’ Current Cities
Provides access to the friends’ current locations.
Friends’ Custom User Actions
Allows the app to retrieve the actions published by another application as specified by the app namespace.
Friends’ Education History
Provides access to friends’ education history.
Friends’ Events
Provides access to the list of events the friends are attending.
Friends’ Family Members and Relationship Status
Provides access to a friend’s family and personal relationships and relationship status.
Friends’ Games and App Activity
Allows the app post and retrieve game achievement activity.
Friends’ Groups
Provides access to the list of groups the User’s friends are a members of.
Friends’ Hometown
Provides access to the friends’ hometown.
Friends’ Interests
Provides access to the friends’ lists of interests.
Friends’ Likes
Provides access to the list of all of the pages the friends have liked.
Friends’ music.listens Actions
Allows the app to retrieve the actions published by all applications using the built-in music.listens action.
Friends’ news.read Actions
Allows the app to retrieve the actions published by all applications using the built-in news.reads action.
Friends’ Notes
Provides access to the friends’ notes.
Friends’ Online Presence
Provides access to the User’s friend’s online/offline presence.
Friends’ Photos
Provides access to the photos the friends have uploaded, and photos the friends have been tagged in.
Friends’ Questions
Provides access to the questions the friends have asked.
Friends’ Religious and Political Views
Provides access to the friends’ religious and political affiliations.
Friends’ Significant Others and Relationship Details
Provides access to the friends’ relationship preferences.
Friends’ Statuses
Provides access to the friends’ status messages and checkins.
Friends’ video.watches Actions
Allows the app to retrieve the actions published by all applications using the built-in video.watches action.
Friends’ Videos
Provides access to the videos the friends have uploaded and have been tagged in.
Friends’ Websites
Provides access to the friends’ web site URLs.
Friends’ Work History
Provides access to a friend’s work history.
Games and App Activity
Allows the app post and retrieve game achievement activity.
Groups
Provides access to the list of groups the User is a member of.
Hometown
Provides access to the User’s hometown.
Insights
Provides read access to the Insights data for pages, applications, and domains the user owns.
Interests
Provides access to the User’s list of interests.
Likes
Provides access to the list of all of the pages the User has liked.
List of Friends
Manage Advertisements
Provides the ability to manage ads and call the Facebook Ads API on behalf of a User.
Manage Friend Lists
Enables the app to create, delete and edit the User’s friend lists.
Manage Groups
Manage the User’s groups.
Manage Mailbox
Read and send messages from the User’s mailbox.
Manage Notifications
Enables the app to read notifications and mark them as read.
Manage Pages
Enables the application to retrieve access_tokens for Pages and Applications that the User administrates.
Mobile Messaging on behalf of Page
Send and receive mobile messages on behalf of a Facebook Page.
music.listen Action
Allows the app to retrieve the actions published by all applications using the built-in music.listens action.
News Feed and Wall
Provides access to all the posts in the User’s News Feed and enables the application to perform searches against the User’s News Feed.
news.read Actions
Allows the app to retrieve the actions published by all applications using the built-in news.reads action.
Notes
Provides access to the User’s notes.
Offline Access
Access the data when the User is not using the application.
Online Presence
Provides access to the User’s online/offline presence.
Page Messaging
Send and receive messages through a Facebook Page.
Photos
Provides access to the photos the User has uploaded, and photos the User has been tagged in.
Post Likes to my Wall
Publish stories about things the User Likes to the Wall.
Publish App Activity
Allows the app to publish to the Open Graph using Built-in Actions, Achievements, Scores, or Custom Actions. The app can also publish other activity which is detailed in the Facebook’s Publishing Permissions document.
Publish as Page
Enables the ability to post, comment and like as any of the Pages managed by the User.
Publish Checkins
Enables the app to perform checkins on behalf of the User.
Publish to the Wall
Enables the app to post content, comments, and likes to a User’s stream and to the streams of the User’s friends.
Questions
Provides access to the questions the User has asked.
Read Group Content
Lets the app read content in a group managed by the User.
Read Mailbox
Provides the ability to read from a user’s Facebook Inbox.
Read page mailbox
Religious and Political Views
Provides access to the User’s religious and political affiliations.
RSVP to Events
Enables the application to RSVP to events on the User’s behalf.
Share
Share items on the User’s behalf.
Show List of Managed Pages
Provides the access to show the list of the Pages that the User manages.
Significant Other and Relationship Details
Provides access to the User’s relationship preferences.
Status
Provides access to the User’s status messages and checkins.
Status Updates
Update the User’s status.
Tagged Places
Text Messaging
Send SMS messages to the User’s phone.
Upload Photos
Add or modify user’s photos.
User subscriptions
User Timeline Posts Access
Provides access to the posts on a Users’s timeline.
Video upload
Add or modify User’s videos.
video.watches Action
Allows the app to retrieve the actions published by all applications using the built-in video.watches action.
Videos
Provides access to the videos the User has uploaded and videos the User has been tagged in.
Website
Provides access to the User’s web site URL.
Work History
Provides access to work history.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third party accounts
This type of service allows this Application to access Data from your account on a third party service and perform actions with it.
These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.
Dropbox account access (Dropbox, Inc.)
This service allows this Application to connect with the User’s account on Dropbox, provided by Dropbox, Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Facebook account access (This Application)
This service allows this Application to connect with the User’s account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook, Inc.
Permissions asked: About Me, Access Friend Lists, Access Page CTA, Access private data, Access Requests, Activities, App Notifications, Birthday, Books Actions, Business Management API, Chat, Checkins, Contact email, Create Events, Create notes, Current City, Custom Friend Lists Access, Custom User Actions, Deals, Education History, Email, Events, Export Posts, Family Members and Relationship Status, Fitness Actions, Friend subscriptions, Friends’ About Me, Friends’ Activities, Friends’ birthdays, Friends’ Checkins, Friends’ Current Cities, Friends’ Custom User Actions, Friends’ Education History, Friends’ Events, Friends’ Family Members and Relationship Status, Friends’ Games and App Activity, Friends’ Groups, Friends’ Hometown, Friends’ Interests, Friends’ Likes, Friends’ music.listens Actions, Friends’ news.read Actions, Friends’ Notes, Friends’ Online Presence, Friends’ Photos, Friends’ Questions, Friends’ Religious and Political Views, Friends’ Significant Others and Relationship Details, Friends’ Statuses, Friends’ video.watches Actions, Friends’ Videos, Friends’ Websites, Friends’ Work History, Games and App Activity, Groups, Hometown, Insights, Interests, Likes, List of Friends, Manage Advertisements, Manage Friend Lists, Manage Groups, Manage Mailbox, Manage Notifications, Manage Pages, Mobile Messaging on behalf of Page, music.listen Action, News Feed and Wall, news.read Actions, Notes, Offline Access, Online Presence, Page Messaging, Photos, Post Likes to my Wall, Publish App Activity, Publish as Page, Publish Checkins, Publish to the Wall, Questions, Read Group Content, Read Mailbox, Read page mailbox, Religious and Political Views, RSVP to Events, Share, Show List of Managed Pages, Significant Other and Relationship Details, Status, Status Updates, Tagged Places, Text Messaging, Upload Photos, User subscriptions, User Timeline Posts Access, Video upload, video.watches Action, Videos, Website and Work History.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Google Drive account access (Google Inc.)
This service allows this Application to connect with the User’s account on Google Drive, provided by Google, Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Bing Ads (Microsoft Corporation)
Bing Ads is an advertising service provided by Microsoft Corporation.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Direct Email Marketing (DEM) (This Application)
This Application uses the User Data to propose services and products provided by third parties or unrelated to the product or service provided by this Application.
Personal Data collected: email address, Profession and Location.
Google AdSense (Google Inc.)
Google AdSense is an advertising service provided by Google Inc. This service uses the “Doubleclick” Cookie, which tracks use of this Application and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered.
Users may decide to disable all the Doubleclick Cookies by clicking on: google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Yahoo App Publishing Advertising (Yahoo! Inc.)
Yahoo App Publishing is an advertising service provided by Yahoo! Inc.
If the User chooses to opt-out, Yahoo App Publishing will stop tracking data for the device identified by the provided MAC address and/or device identifier going forward.
Yahoo App Publishing will stop providing ads and/or recommendations to that MAC address and/or device identifier across all publishers.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Pure Job Alerts (CF Alerts Corp)
Pure Job Alerts is an online recruitment service offered by CF Alerts Corp.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy — Opt Out
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Analytics collected directly (This Application)
This Application uses an internal analytics system that does not involve third parties.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Display Advertising extension for Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics on this Application might use Google’s Interest-based advertising, 3rd-party audience data and information from the DoubleClick Cookie to extend analytics with demographics, interests and ads interaction data.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Application.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Facebook Analytics for Apps (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Analytics for Apps is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Google AdWords conversion tracking (Google Inc.)
Google AdWords conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. that connects data from the Google AdWords advertising network with actions performed on this Application.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Google Analytics with anonymized IP (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address. It works by shortening Users’ IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Google Tag Manager (Google Inc.)
Google Tag Manager is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Nielsen Audience Measurement (The Nielsen Company)
Nielsen Audience Measurement is an analytics service provided by The Nielsen Company.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Quantcast Measure (Quantcast Corporation)
Quantcast Measure is an analytics service provided by Quantcast Corporation.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Yahoo Advertising conversion tracking (Yahoo! Inc.)
Yahoo Advertising conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Yahoo! Inc. that connects data from the Yahoo advertising network with actions performed on this Application.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Backup saving and management
This type of service allows the Owner to save and manage backups of this Application on external servers managed by the service provider itself. The backups may include the source code and content as well as the data that the User provides to this Application.
Backup on Dropbox (Dropbox, Inc.)
Dropbox is a service to save and manage backups provided by Dropbox Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Backup on Google Drive (Google Inc.)
Google Drive is a service to save and manage backups provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Contacting the User
Contact form (This Application)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data collected: address, city, company name, country, date of birth, email address, fax number, field of activity, first name, gender, last name, number of employees, phone number, profession, province, state, Tax ID, User ID, various types of Data, VAT Number, website and ZIP/Postal code.
Content commenting
Content commenting services allow Users to make and publish their comments on the contents of this Application.
Depending on the settings chosen by the Owner, Users may also leave anonymous comments. If there is an email address among the Personal Data provided by the User, it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content. Users are responsible for the content of their own comments.
If a content commenting service provided by third parties is installed, it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the comment service is installed, even when Users do not use the content commenting service.
Comment system managed directly (This Application)
This Application has its own internal content comment system.
Personal Data collected: Cookies, email address, first name, last name, Usage Data, username and website.
Facebook Comments (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Comments is a content commenting service provided by Facebook, Inc. enabling the User to leave comments and share them on the Facebook platform.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)
The services contained in this section allow the Owner to track and analyze the User response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure, text or any other component of this Application.
Google Website Optimizer (Google Inc.)
Google Website Optimizer is an A/B testing service provided by Google Inc.
Google may use Personal Data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Google Calendar widget (Google Inc.)
Google Calendar widget is a calendar content visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Google Fonts (Google Inc.)
Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Google Maps widget (Google Inc.)
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Google Site Search (Google Inc.)
Google Site Search is a search engine embedding service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Gravatar (Automattic Inc.)
Gravatar is an image visualization service provided by Automattic Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Please note that if Gravatar images are used for comment forms, the commenter’s email address or parts of it may be sent to Gravatar – even if the commenter has not signed up for that service.
Personal Data collected: email address and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Instagram widget (Instagram, Inc.)
Instagram is an image visualization service provided by Instagram, Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
YouTube video widget (Google Inc.)
YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
YouTube video widget without cookies (Google Inc.)
YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
This widget is set up in a way that ensures that YouTube won’t store information and cookies about Users on this Application unless they play the video.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Handling activity data
This type of service allows the Owner to use the activity data collected by your device in order for this Application to operate or to provide specific features. This may include movements, heartbeat, change in altitude or data about the surroundings.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may be involved in the activity tracking.
Most devices allow for the User to control which Data is accessed or stored.
Activity data tracked by your device (This Application)
This Application uses some activity data tracked by your device to operate or to provide specific features.
Personal Data collected: blood type, body measurements & indexes, date of birth, food related activity , gender, general activity data, heart rate and other vital data, movement activity and sleeping activity.
Handling payments
Payment processing services enable this Application to process payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means. To ensure greater security, this Application shares only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning the payment.
PayPal (PayPal Inc.)
PayPal is a payment service provided by PayPal Inc., which allows Users to make online payments.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Privacy Policy
PayPal Carrier Payments (PayPal Inc.)
PayPal Carrier Payments is a payment service provided by PayPal, Inc., which allows Users to make online payments using their mobile phone operator.
Personal Data collected: phone number and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: See the PayPal privacy policy – Privacy Policy
PayPal Payments Hub (PayPal Inc.)
PayPal Payments Hub is a payment service provided by PayPal Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Stripe (Stripe Inc)
Stripe is a payment service provided by Stripe Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Amazon Web Services (Amazon)
Amazon Web Services is a hosting service provided by Amazon.com Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Privacy Policy
Google Cloud Storage (Google Inc.)
Google Cloud Storage is a hosting service provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.
Web Performance (Web Performance, Inc.)
Web Performance is a monitoring service provided by Web Performance, Inc.Web Performance is a monitoring service provided by Web Performance, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Interaction with data collection platforms and other third parties
This type of service allows Users to interact with data collection platforms or other services directly from the pages of this Application for the purpose of saving and reusing data.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service.
MailChimp widget (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.)
The MailChimp widget is a service for interacting with the MailChimp email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group LLC.
Personal Data collected: Cookies, email address, first name, last name and Usage Data.
Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application.
The interaction and information obtained through this Application are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Google Friend Connect (Google Inc.)
Google Friend Connect is a social interaction service provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Google+ +1 button and social widgets (Google Inc.)
The Google+ +1 button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google+ social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
LinkedIn button and social widgets (LinkedIn Corporation)
The LinkedIn button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the LinkedIn social network provided by LinkedIn Corporation.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
PayPal button and widgets (PayPal Inc.)
The PayPal button and widgets are services allowing interaction with the PayPal platform provided by PayPal Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: See the PayPal privacy policy – Privacy Policy
Pinterest “Pin it” button and social widgets (Pinterest)
The Pinterest “Pin it” button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Pinterest platform provided by Pinterest Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Interaction with live chat platforms
This type of service allows Users to interact with third party live chat platforms directly from the pages of this Application, for contacting and being contacted by this Application support service.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. Moreover, live chat conversations may be logged.
Zopim Widget (Zopim Technologies Pte Ltd)
The Zopim Widget is a service for interacting with the Zopim live chat platform provided by Zopim Technologies Pte Ltd.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: Singapore – Privacy Policy
Interaction with online survey platforms
This type of service allows Users to interact with third party online survey platforms directly from the pages of this Application.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service.
SurveyMonkey Widget (SurveyMonkey Inc.)
The SurveyMonkey Widget is a service for interacting with the SurveyMonkey online survey platform provided by SurveyMonkey Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Location-based interactions
Geolocation (This Application)
This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorization has been provided, the User’s location data may be tracked by this Application.
Personal Data collected: geographic position.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon)
Amazon Simple Email Service is an email address management and message sending service provided by Amazon.com Inc.
Personal Data collected: email address.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Constant Contact (Constant Contact, Inc.)
Constant Contact is an email address management and message sending service provided by Constant Contact, Inc.
Personal Data collected: email address.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
MailChimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.)
MailChimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC.
Personal Data collected: email address.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Sendgrid (Sendgrid)
Sendgrid is an email address management and message sending service provided by Sendgrid Inc.
Personal Data collected: email address.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Platform services and hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of this Application, therefore allowing the provision of this Application from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner – e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
WordPress.com (Automattic Inc.)
WordPress.com is a platform provided by Automattic Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host this Application.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, this Application will be able to access some Data, stored by these third party services, for registration or identification purposes.
Direct registration (This Application)
The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to this Application.
Personal Data collected: academic background, address, billing address, budget, city, company name, country, data relating to the point of sale, date of birth, email address, fax number, field of activity, first name, gender, house number, language, last name, marital status, number of employees, password, phone number, picture, prefix , profession, profile picture, province, shipping address, Social Security number (SSN), state, Tax ID, Twitter handle, User ID, username, various types of Data, VAT Number, website, workplace and ZIP/Postal code.
Facebook Authentication (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Facebook, Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Google OAuth (Google Inc.)
Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google Inc. and is connected to the Google network.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Instagram Authentication (Instagram, Inc.)
Instagram Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Instagram, Inc. and is connected to the Instagram social network.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Linkedin OAuth (LinkedIn Corporation)
Linkedin Oauth is a registration and authentication service provided by Linkedin Corporation and is connected to the Linkedin social network.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Pinterest OAuth (Pinterest)
Pinterest OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Pinterest, Inc. and is connected to the Pinterest social network.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
WordPress.com Single Sign On (Automattic Inc.)
WordPress.com Single Sign On is a registration and authentication service provided by Automattic Inc. and is connected to the WordPress.com network.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This type of service allows this Application and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Application by the User.
This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using Cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
AdRoll (Semantic Sugar, Inc.)
AdRoll is an advertising service provided by Semantic Sugar, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
AdWords Remarketing (Google Inc.)
AdWords Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Facebook Custom Audience (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and email address.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Facebook Remarketing (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Remarketing through Google Analytics for Display Advertising (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics for Display Advertising is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
RSS feed management
This type of service allows this Application to manage RSS feeds and the distribution of their content. Depending on the characteristics of the service used, these services may be used to insert ads within the content and to gather statistics data from them.
Feedburner (Google Inc.)
Feedburner is a service to manage RSS feeds provided by Google Inc. It allows the collection of statistics on what content is consumed and to insert ads in it.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Social features
Inviting and suggesting friends (This Application)
This Application may use the Personal Data provided to allow Users to invite their friends – for example through the address book, if access has been provided – and to suggest friends or connections inside it.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data.
SPAM protection
This type of service analyzes the traffic of this Application, potentially containing Users’ Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM.
Google reCAPTCHA (Google Inc.)
Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
User database management
This type of service allows the Owner to build user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to this Application, as well as to track User activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks’ profiles) and used to build private profiles that the Owner can display and use for improving this Application.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions performed on this Application.
FullContact (FullContact Inc.)
FullContact is a User database management service provided by FullContact Inc.
Personal Data collected: company name, date of birth, Email, first name, gender, last name and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
ZOHO CRM (Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd.)
ZOHO CRM is a User database management service provided by Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd.
Personal Data collected: email address and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Further information about Personal Data
Access the address book
This Application may request access to your address book.
Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Information about this privacy policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by Iubenda and hosted on Iubenda’s servers.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically from this Application (or third party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.
Cookies
Small piece of data stored in the User’s device.
Email
Provides access to the User’s primary email address.
Legal information
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application.
Latest update: Mar 4, 2019