http://www.westad.com/cookies-policy/
Applications
LNG TANKERS
LNG TERMINALS
ETHANE/ETHYLENE TANKERS
LPG TANKERS
CHEMICAL/PRODUCT TANKERS
OIL & GAS PLATFORMS
Products
WESTAD CRYOSEAL 2X™
WESTAD SCORPIO 2X™
WESTAD SCORPIO 3X™
SERVICE & MAINTENANCE
ABOUT US
CERTIFICATES & APPROVALS
CONTACT US
CAREER OPPORTUNITIES
ABOUT WESTAD
ABOUT KLINGER
+47 32 78 95 00
westad@westad.com
Search for:
Search:
Cookies Policy
Home
Cookies Policy
Owner and Data Controller
Westad Industri AS, Heggenveien 530, 3360 Geithus
Owner contact email: privacy@westad.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Who we share your data with
We don’t share your data. Our hosting provider is Digital Garden AS/Uniweb.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
If you have any concerns or questions about Privacy Policy related to www.westad.com, please contact our web administrator: privacy@westad.com
Meet us at Please follow this section to find out more about the next conference or event, where you will be able to meet Westad team. Meanwhile, you are welcome to visit our office in Norway.
2018 © Westad Industri AS. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are fine with it.OkRead more