http://www.fouldslifts.co.uk/legal/privacy.cfm
Foulds Lifts - Quality on all levels
Home
24 Hour Call Out
Lift Service & Repair
New Lifts
Refurbishment
E A Foulds Company History
Testimonials
Contact E A Foulds Lifts Limited
Privacy Statement
E A Foulds Limited is committed to protecting your privacy, and we take our responsibilities regarding the security of user information very seriously. This Privacy Statement sets out how we comply with both UK and European Union data protection requirements. Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, it will be used only to process enquiries. For your protection, we are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and have given all appropriate notifications to the Information Commissioner. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law. You may ask that your details be removed from our system by writing to the address below.
WHAT IF YOU THINK WE HAVE INCORRECT INFORMATION OR YOU WOULD LIKE A COPY OF THE INFORMATION WE HOLD ABOUT YOU?
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you may request details of personal information which we hold about you.If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
Data Protection ComplianceAlbert Works, Clifton StreetCOLNE, BB8 9AEUnited Kingdom.info@fouldslifts.co.uk
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or e-mail us as soon as possible to the above address. Any incorrect information will be corrected promptly.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. Under the Data Protection Act 1998, we follow strict security procedures in the processing, storage and disclosure of information which you have given. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose sensitive information to you.
This website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites. However, once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Statement. You should exercise caution and read the Privacy Statement applicable to the website in question.
Your Consent
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by us for the purposes described above. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and in what circumstances we disclose it.
Copyright © E A Foulds Limited 2020. All Rights Reserved
Home
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Site by Ci