http://www.actuators-electric.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYour Privacy Is Our Concern
We appreciate your interest in our company and our products and services.  We want you to feel secure when visiting our Internet pages with regard to the protection of your personal data. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Compliance with the Data Protection Act is a matter of course for us.  We want you to know when we collect data and how we use it. We have taken technical and organisational measures to ensure that the data protection regulations are observed both by us and by external service providers.
Personal Data
Personal data is information about your identity. This includes for example Information such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address. To use our website, it is not necessary for you to disclose personal data.   In certain circumstances we need your name and address and other details so that we can provide the requested data to you.  Where this is necessary, we will point this out to you.  In addition, we only store and process data that you provide to us voluntarily.
As a rule, if you use our services, only such data is collected so that we can provide the necessary service.  If we ask you for further information, this information is voluntary.  The processing of personal data is done exclusively in order for us to provide the requested service and to safeguard our own legitimate business interests.
Purpose of Personal Data
When you do provide us with personal data, we usually use it to respond to your enquiry, process your order or provide you with access to specific information you request.  We will not sell your personal data to third parties nor market it in any other way.
Restricted Use of Personal Data
We will only collect, process and use your personal data which you provide online for the purposes disclosed to you. A transfer of your personal data to third parties will not take place without your prior consent.  Personal data will only be passed on to legal authorities which are entitled to receive such information, only within the scope of the relevant UK laws.  Our employees and service providers engaged by us are obliged to maintain confidentiality and to comply with the provisions of the Data Protection Act.
Consent and Revocation
If you have given us personal data, you can delete it at any time.  Data for billing and accounting purposes is not affected by a cancellation / revocation or deletion.  In addition, the use of your e-mail address, telephone and / or fax number for the purposes of advertising or market research will require extra consent for you.   This consent can be electronically provided when entering your information and can be revoked at any time against future use.
Storage Periods
Personal data which has been communicated to us via our website is only stored until the purpose is fulfilled, for which they were entrusted to us.  Insofar as there are retention periods under trade and tax law to be observed, the storage period can be up to 10 years.
Security
We have taken technical and organisational security measures to protect personal data against loss, destruction, manipulation and unauthorized access.  All our staff and all third parties involved in data processing are subject to the UK Data Protection Laws and the confidential handling of personal data.
Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to change our security and data protection measures should this be necessary due to technological development.  In these cases, we will update our privacy policy statement accordingly.  Please read the most current version of our privacy policy statement.
Links
If you use external links from our web pages to other sites, this privacy policy does not apply to these links.  When we provide links, we endeavour to ensure that they also comply with our privacy and security standards.  However, we have no control over compliance with privacy and security regulations by other providers.  Please click on the websites of other providers for information about them and their data protection declarations.
Right to Information And Right Of Objection (Affected Rights)
On request, we will send you, free of charge, information about all the personal data we have stored about you.   Should you no longer agree with the storage of your personal data or if the data is no longer correct, we will at your request ensure the data is deleted, blocked or make the necessary corrections (as far as this is possible according to applicable law).   If required, please contact us at sales@industrialdevices.co.uk
Questions, Suggestions and Complaints
If you have further questions, suggestions or complaints about our privacy statement and processing of your personal data, please contact us at sales@industrialdevices.co.uk
Complete Service Tailored for You
Contact our team to understand how we can meet your exact requirements, to discuss our various products and how we can manage your electric Linear Actuator needs.
01743 248 700 Contact Us
x
Home
Products
Electric Linear Actuators
Linear Actuator Controllers
Linear Actuator Power Supply
Height Adjustable Systems
Support
Case Studies
Company Profile
Privacy Policy
Contact
W
Text us
Call us