http://www.marahoffman.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Frequently Asked Questions
FAQ
CONTACT
SHIPPING
RETURNS
INTERNATIONAL
STOCKISTS
CAREERS
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
ACCESSIBILITY
PRIVACY POLICY
FAQ
CONTACT
SHIPPING
RETURNS
INTERNATIONAL
STOCKISTS
CAREERS
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
ACCESSIBILITY
Security & Privacy
Privacy matters. Mara Hoffman, Inc., and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Mara Hoffman,” “we,” or “us”) recognize the importance of our customers’ privacy, and the steps to take in order to protect that privacy. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for MaraHoffman.com. The statement does not include the privacy practices for partnered sites. We encourage our users who visit external sites from links within MaraHoffman.com to read the privacy statements of those sites, as their privacy practices may differ from ours. This privacy statement applies only to the site and does not necessarily apply to our off-line collection of information. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us via e-mail at info@marahoffman.com.
In order to make you feel comfortable and secure in our online store, we have taken numerous precautions to guard your security while making purchases online.
What Information is Being Collected
For each visitor to our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's Internet Protocol (IP) address and domain name. When you visit the MaraHoffman.com web site, in order for us to provide you with the products or services that you have requested, you may be asked to provide us with personally identifiable information. We collect and retain two types of information from site visitors: (i) personal information voluntarily provided by individual visitors when interacting on the site, making purchases of products or services from us, or on certain other occasions, such as via forms or in emails; and (ii) tracking data, which is automatically collected from every site visitor and recorded on our log files. For example, when you order a product, during the checkout process you will be asked for your name, shipping and billing addresses, your e-mail address, your phone number and your credit card number or other payment-related information. In addition, we may keep a record of any correspondence, including any information contained therein. You may decline to provide any personal information, but this may prohibit registration on the site or limit participation in activities or services offered on the Site. In an effort to improve our site we may collect non-personal information about how users navigate through the site with the use of cookies or web beacons. Without limitation, we may collect information and tracking data regarding the number and frequency of visits to the site, viewed and/or purchased items, information on websites accessed prior to and following your visit to the site, the software used to access the site, your IP address and other device identifiers, Internet service provider-related information, and clickstream data. However, that information typically does not contain any personally identifiable information about you. The tracking data we record may include the location of your computer. We may combine all information obtained and may disclose this information within our corporate family of companies and share it as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We may post customer testimonials on our web site, which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer's name. We do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. When you order a gift certificate you are given the opportunity to include the name and a message for the party receiving the gift certificate. This information is only captured as part of this specific order process and is not shared.
Cookies
We automatically collect data using cookies. A "cookie" is a small data file that our site transfers to your computer. We deliver these cookies and collect data on our sites, and we also may use a third party agent to deliver cookies and collect data. Cookies allow our website to recognize a specific browser and/or device being used to browse the site. We use the data we collect using cookies to help support the integrity of the registration and buying processes on our site, retain your preferences and account settings, learn about your possible interests so we can personalize our marketing and information to better support your interests, and improve our sites and your experience. When you view a video on our site that uses Adobe Flash Player, a third party (Adobe Systems Inc.) may set a "flash cookie" on your computer.
Web Beacons
We also collect information using web beacons (also known as pixel tags). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our site or in our emails. We use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, track conversions, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and to tell if an email has been opened or acted upon. Web beacons also help us analyze our customers' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our website and our advertising. We work with service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this information. We allow third party advertisers to place web beacons (pixel tags) on our site, which can enable Mara Hoffman advertising on your browser/devices and can deliver to you across the Internet. We use a Facebook pixel on our site. You can learn more about Facebook's cookie policies by visiting https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies. By using our website, you consent to the use of cookies and web beacons (pixel tags). Most browsers accept cookies by default, but you can adjust your device and/or browser settings to delete and/or block some or all cookies.
How is Your Information Being Used
Financial information that is collected is used to bill you for products that you request. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to you. If you subscribe to our mailing list, we will send you emails. These emails will inform you of our launch of new products, of special sales, of promotional offers from our partners, of other events and issues we think are important, and of potential employment opportunities with Mara Hoffman that you may find of interest. By visiting our site and/or signing up for our mailing list, you consent to allowing us to show you Mara Hoffman advertisements offered through third parties such as Facebook and AdRoll. If you currently receive our emails and do not wish to continue receiving them, click the unsubscribe button at the bottom of the email or contact us at info@marahoffman.com. We use your shipping address to ship your products. We use your billing address, if different than your shipping address, to verify your billing information and to prevent fraudulent transactions. We never share our customer names or addresses, e-mail addresses or other personally identifiable information, other than to the extent described in the “With whom do we share your information” section below.
With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
In order to operate this Web site and in order to provide you with the products and services you have requested, we occasionally need to share information with third parties. We may transmit your personal information to service providers who assist us in processing orders, shipping products to you, processing your payment information, conducting surveys, on and offline sweepstakes, processing job applications and sending you e-mails and newsletters. We have agreements with these service providers that they will protect your privacy in accordance with our standard Privacy Statement. Some of those organizations may have their own Privacy Statements that may give you additional protections, so you are encouraged to read those statements when presented to you. We may share personal information about you outside of Mara Hoffman and our affiliates, including as follows:
We may share personal information with third parties who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf.
We may use third-party service providers that use cookies, web beacons and pixel tags to publish advertisements (banners or links) on our behalf across the Internet.
We may use a third party to "power" product reviews on our site. When you submit a product review, you become subject to the terms of use and privacy policy of this third party, the reviews you submit may be publicly posted on our site, and other sites (such as social networking sites).
The blog, social networking and community sections of our site are designed as an open and public social community for connecting and sharing with other people. When you sign up you will be asked to provide certain information that will be displayed publicly along with photos, stories, posts, and other information you choose to provide in your profile.
We may also post or publish your information when you submit comments, stories, photos, and videos in connection with other areas of our sites and linked sites.
Personal information may be shared as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, joint venture, corporate reorganization, financing or sale of company assets. It may also be shared in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information could be transferred to third parties as one of the business assets in the transaction.
We may share personal information (i) to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process, (ii) to protect the rights and property of Mara Hoffman, our agents, members, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use, or (iii) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of Mara Hoffman, our employees, our members, our customers, or any other person.
How Do I Access, Update, or Delete My Information?
If you are a registered user of the web site, you can manage many aspects of your registration information. For security reasons, however, some parts of your personal information may not be changed online and may require you to call or write to us in order to verify your identity before such changes can be made. The online registration area will also permit you to exercise control over the use of your e-mail address, allowing you to opt-out of future e-mail messages from this web site. Unfortunately, due to various legal and recordkeeping requirements, we may be required to maintain records about your purchases or other activities on this website. However, you will always be permitted to opt-out of any marketing uses of information stored about you. If you prefer to manage your personal information via other means, you may contact us by email at: info@marahoffman.com.
What Information Will Be Disclosed if Required By Law?
If required by law, we may provide any and all information we have about you to law enforcement or other government agencies, pursuant to a subpoena, warrant, or other order by a court of competent jurisdiction. In all cases, we will require written documentation of the request, proof of the identity of the law enforcement official making the request, and we will take steps to authenticate the validity of the request. Any law enforcement or government agency request submitted with less than a court-issued order will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis according to the need and urgency, as well as the particular law enforcement agency making the request.
What Information is Collected in Mara Hoffman's Social Networking Sites
On certain portions of our web site, we provide links to sponsored social networking sites and message boards. Those features may require you to provide additional registration information, such as creating a username and password, providing an e-mail address or other information. It is important to understand that when you participate in online discussions, any information you choose to provide is considered "public knowledge" and it is your responsibility to protect your own privacy. If you register to use the social networking or message board features, we will keep your information private, in accordance with this policy. You have the choice of making certain information about yourself available to other users of the system. It is your responsibility to manage your account settings in order to maintain the level of privacy that you desire. If you inadvertently post private or other inappropriate information, we will do our best to assist you in removing it, but we will not be responsible for any problems arising from your errors. The social networking forums and message boards are provided without any warranty and you use them at your own risk.
What Choices Are Available To You Regarding the Collection, Use, and Distribution of the Information?
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please click "unsubscribe from this list" at the bottom of the email. If you provide us with your e-mail address, you may receive messages about your order status, issues regarding the operations of this web site, and messages from affiliates of Mara Hoffman and other companies with operational relationships to Mara Hoffman. You may modify your e-mail preferences by writing or e-mailing us, if you are a registered member at MaraHoffman.com, you may change them in the "My Account" section. We will request your telephone number or fax number, and if you provide it, you may receive telephone or fax contact from us with information regarding your orders, requests for information or in reference to valuable offers from us. We do not sell or rent phone numbers.
Secure Order Process
Any credit card information you enter on our site is strongly encrypted by industry-standard protocol, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). MaraHoffman.com site uses SSL to communicate with secure browsers like Google and Internet Explorer. These browsers encrypt your credit card and personal information in a way that makes it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept and misuse while being transmitted between your computer and our server.
Children
In accordance with federal law, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without the verifiable permission of a parent or guardian. If you are under age 13, you are welcome to browse our web site. However you are not permitted to use any of the features of our site that require the collection of any personally identifiable information. If we determine that we have erroneously collected a child's information, we will immediately undertake to delete that data from our records.
Changes in This Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Last Modified
August 1, 2018
Text Marketing & Notifications
By entering your phone number in the checkout and initialising a purchase, subscribing via our subscription form or a keyword, you agree that we may send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders) and text marketing offers. Text marketing messages will not exceed [4] a month. You acknowledge that consent is not a condition for any purchase.
If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications reply with STOP to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you with in any of our messages. You understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests will not be accounted as a reasonable means of opting out. Message and data rates may apply.
For any questions please text HELP to the number you received the messages from. You can also contact us for more information. If you wish to opt out please follow the procedures above.”
We’re using cookies to help us make your experience better! Learn more about cookies.
OK