http://www.itracks.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy
California Consumer Privacy Act Information for California Residents (click to skip to this part of the document).
Interactive Tracking Systems Inc. (itracks) provides technology and services for market research and other types of research. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of Personal Information Interactive Tracking Systems Inc. (as follows, “itracks”, “we” or “us”) collects about you in the process of conducting the principal activities of itracks as well as providing you with specific products and services you have contracted from us. It explains how we use and disclose that information, the choices you have regarding such use and disclosure, and how you may correct that information. This Privacy Policy sets out a summary of the principles and procedures that itracks follows in meeting its privacy commitments and in complying with the requirements of the laws and regulations. This Privacy Policy applies to any information itracks collects or receives about you.  itracks also hosts personal information as a service provider on behalf of itracks customers.  In order to exercise any rights with respect to personal information collected by itracks customers, you will need to contact itracks customers.
“Personal information” generally means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, mailing address, phone numbers, email address, and photos videos that you submit or provide permission for recording.
We will treat Personal Information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy under which it was collected unless we have your consent to treat it differently.
itracks is accountable for your Personal Information in its possession or control.
itracks is accountable for all Personal Information in its possession or under its control and shall designate one or more persons who are accountable for itracks compliance with the following principles (Privacy Officer). Other individuals within itracks may be delegated to act on behalf of the Privacy Officer or to take responsibility for the day-to-day collection and/or processing of Personal Information. itracks is responsible for Personal Information in its possession or control and shall use contractual or other means to provide a comparable level of protection while information is being processed or used by a third party.
itracks identifies the purposes for which it collects Personal Information from you before it is collected.
We identify the purposes for which we use your Personal Information at the time we collect such information from you and obtain your consent, in any case, prior to such use.
Some of the primary purposes for which we collect and use your Personal Information include
to respond to inquiries you submit,
to conduct quantitative or qualitative market research,
to send incentive payments for participating in market research,
to invite you to participate in market research studies.
In the event a customer of itracks provides Personal Information in order to purchase from itracks, we may use the Personal Information to provide services or product information to you in your capacity as a customer.
itracks obtains your consent before collecting Personal Information from you.
We explain your options and obtain your consent at the time of or prior to collecting your Personal Information. We will always collect your Personal Information by fair and lawful means.  Where is it reasonable to do so or permitted by law, we may rely on implied consent. For example, when sending e-mail messages of a commercial nature, reliance on implied consent is permitted to our customers or those who have recently purchased a product or services from us.
Providing us with your personal information is voluntary. You may withdraw or modify your consent at any time, subject to legal and contractual restrictions, provided that reasonable notice is given to us.
itracks discloses your Personal Information only for purposes for which it has consent, or as permitted or required by law. itracks retains Personal Information only as long as necessary to fulfill those purposes.
itracks shall limit the collection of Personal Information to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by itracks.  In conducting market research, itracks limits the amount and types of Personal Information it collects.  We collect only the type of information needed for the purposes identified to individuals.
itracks shall not use or disclose Personal Information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the individual or as required or permitted by law.  Personal Information shall be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.  itracks may disclose a respondent’s Personal Information  to:
a customer of itracks
a third party engaged by itracks to perform functions on its behalf
a third party or parties where the respondent consents to such disclosure or disclosure is required or permitted by law.
itracks shall maintain reasonable and systematic controls, schedules and practices for information and records retention and destruction which apply to Personal Information that is no longer necessary or relevant for the identified purposes or required by law to be retained.
itracks endeavors to keep accurate, complete, and up-to-date Personal Information in its possession or control, to the extent required to meet the purposes for which it was collected.
Personal Information shall be as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.
itracks shall update Personal Information about respondents as necessary to fulfill the identified purposes or upon notification of the individual.
itracks protects the privacy of Personal Information in its possession or control by using security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
We have implemented physical, organizational, contractual and technological security measures to protect your Personal Information from loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. The only employees who are granted access to your Personal Information are those with a business ‘need-to-know’ or whose duties reasonably require such information.
Data collected in itracks qualitative market research software is stored in secure data centers located at the following locations:
Rackspace – Chicago Primary Data Center
2200 Busse Rd
Elk Grove Village, IL 60007
iland – Veeam Cloud Connect Partner
1235 North Loop West
Suite 800
Houston, TX 77008
(Rackspace backups)
Amazon Web Services – US West (Oregon)
(media file backups)
Amazon Web Services – US East (N Virginia)
(iMarkit media files)
Sasktel North – Saskatoon Secondary DataCenter
66th St
Saskatoon, SK, Canada
S7P 0E4
Crown Enterprises Ltd.
1414 Fletcher Road
Saskatoon, SK, Canada
S7M 5J4
(Saskatoon backups)
You can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself, including your email address. However, our web server may collect the IP address and domain you used to access our website, the type and version of web browser and operating system you are using, the number, duration and frequency of visits to our website and the website you came from and visited next. This anonymous information cannot be traced to a specific individual user, it is used by us simply to measure the number of visits, average time spent, page views, most popular preferences and other statistics about visitors to the website and to determine the characteristics in which users use our website and services. We may use this data to monitor website performance for systems administration purposes, to make our website easier and more convenient to use, to improve our services and to track information in aggregate form (e.g. how many visitors use the website).
We use cookies, that is, small files that your web browser places on your computer’s hard drive, to remember a user’s code, password and preferences while the user is using our website and to facilitate navigating different pages on the website.
Our website contains security mechanisms that protect against the loss, the misuse and the modification of information under our control.
Our website provides links to third party web sites. Our Privacy Policy does not extend to these third party websites and it is recommended that users read the privacy policies of these websites. We are not responsible for the content of, or the privacy practices employed by, third party websites.
itracks is open about the procedures it uses to manage Personal Information.
Up-to-date information on itracks’s privacy policies can be obtained from itracks’ website, privacy notices or by contacting itracks Privacy Officer at privacy@itracks.com.
itracks responds on a timely basis to requests from members or customers about their Personal Information whichitracks possesses or controls.
We will make available to you any Personal Information that we have collected about you, utilized or disclosed, upon your written request. We will make such information available to you in a form that is generally understandable, including explaining any abbreviations or codes.
You can at any time, challenge the accuracy or completeness of the Personal Information we have which is related to you. Once we have validated your identity, we will amend the Personal Information as required. Where appropriate, we will transmit the amended information to third parties having access to your Personal Information.
You may opt-out at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link contained in e-mail communication received from itracks or by contacting us using the methods outlined below.
Upon request, you can request the Personal Information be permanently removed.  This request will be granted by itracks in a timely manner.  Due to data backup procedures in place, this request may take up to 30 days.
We will attempt to respond to each of your written requests not later than thirty (30) days after receipt of such requests. We will advise you in writing if we cannot meet your requests within this time limit.
itracks will notify on a timely basis in the event of a data breach
In the event that itracks is aware of a data breach of Information which itracks possesses or controls, active customers effected by the data breach will be notified as soon as possible.  If there is exposure or potential exposure to Personal Information, itracks will notify affected individuals within 30 days.
itracks will Obtain Parental Informed Consent Prior to Collecting Personal Information of Children
itracks does not knowingly collect or store any personal information from anyone under the age of 16 unless the child’s parent or legal guardian has provided consent and is directly involved in the data collection.  If itracks become aware that itracks has collected or stored personal information from an individual under age 16 without parent consent, itracks will delete the personal information. If you are a parent or guardian and believe itracks may have inadvertently collected personal information from your child without your consent, please notify us by contacting privacy@itracks.com.
__________________________________________
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Pursuant to the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), and subject to certain exceptions and limitations, the section below describes itracks’ data collection and sharing practices and the rights of California residents that are providing personal information and how the rights can be exercised.
Categories of Personal Information Collected, Purpose for Collection and Third-Parties With Whom Information Shared Within the Past 12 Months
itracks collects identifying information from research participants including name, address(es), telephone number(s), email address(es), date of birth and social media information.  The information is used to verify identity, in order to collect information requested by itracks clients as part of research studies and communicate with research participant’s about research studies.  The information is shared with data management and storage companies, professional service firms, and itracks clients.
itracks collects behavioural information such as employment information, education information, demographic information, potentially protected classifications under California law (e.g., health and medical conditions, sexual orientation, political opinions/views, race/ethnic origin, gender, religious and organization memberships) and additional content that you submit or permit the recording of including videos and photos.  The information is used for facilitating the operational purposes of itracks or our service providers in conducting research projects and maintaining security of itracks systems.  The information is shared with data management and storage companies, professional service firms, and itracks clients.
itracks collects internet or other electronic network information including browsing history on itracks webpages, information regarding interaction with a website, software application, document or advertisement.  The information is used for research and analytical purposes, our business operations, providing and improving products and services, maintaining system security and marketing and advertising.  The information is shared with data management and storage companies and itracks clients.
How Does itracks Collect Personal Information?
Personal information is collected when research participants interact with itracks websites.  itracks employees also request and receive information via email, telephone and voicemails.
How Does itracks Use Personal Information?
Personal Information collected from research participants is used for facilitating the operational purposes of itracks or our service providers in conducting research projects and maintaining security of itracks systems.
Who Does itracks Share Personal Information With?
itracks may share your personal information with the third parties described below.
Clients. If you quality and are selected for or participate in a research study, itracks may disclose your information to the third-party that contracted itracks to assist with the research study “itracks customers”.
Service Providers. itracks may share your personal information with third parties who work on behalf of, or with our clients, us such as vendors, processors, suppliers, agents and representatives (collectively, “Service Providers”). Service Providers assist us with a variety of functions including, but not limited to recruiting participants for research, conducting research, and processing research incentive payments.
Corporate Transactions. itracks may transfer your personal information in the event itracks is selling or transferring, all or a portion of its business or assets.
Does Itracks Sell Personal Information?
itracks does not sell personal information to third-parties. itracks also does not share any personal information with third-parties for the third-parties’ marketing purposes.
The CCPA affords you the following rights (subject to certain exceptions):
Right to Know/Access Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, or Sold.
You have the right to request that itracks disclose the following information for the 12-month period preceding your request:
The categories of personal information that itracks has collected about  consumers
The categories of sources from which that personal information was collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information
The categories of third parties with whom itracks shares personal information
The specific pieces of personal information itracks has collected about you (subject to some exceptions)
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to request deletion of the personal information about itracks have collected about you (subject to some exceptions).
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
You have the right not to receive unlawful discriminatory treatment by itracks for the exercise of your privacy rights under the CCPA.
How to Exercise Your Right to Know or Request to Delete
You may submit a Request to Know or a Request to Delete by contacting us at
Attn: Privacy Officer
301 Ontario Avenue
Saskatoon, SK
S7K 1S3
E-mail: privacy@itracks.com               Phone: 1.888.525.5026
itracks reserves the right to verify that you are the consumer to which a submitted request pertains by matching identifiable information that you provide with information itracks have stored in our database and or requesting you to log into your account.
How to Authorize an Agent to Exercise Your Rights
To designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights, you must either provide the agent with an executed power of attorney or provide the authorized agent with written permission, signed by you, to exercise your CCPA rights. The agent must also be registered with the California Secretary of State.
Individuals with Disabilities
If you would like to access to our CCPA Privacy Notice and/or privacy policy in a different format, please contact us at 1.888.525.5026 or privacyofficer@itracks.com.
__________________________________
All comments, questions, concerns or complaints regarding your Personal Information or our Privacy Policy and practices, should be forwarded to our Privacy Officer as follows.
In writing:
Attn: Privacy Officer
301 Ontario Avenue
Saskatoon, SK
S7K 1S3
E-mail: privacy@itracks.com
We will inform you of the relevant procedures when you make an inquiry or lodge a challenge or complaint.
Last revised: August 21, 2020
EMAIL US
Email:
info@itracks.com
(general inquiries)
help@itracks.com
(With support requests monitored 24 hours a day, we’ve got your back)
Fax:
+1.306.665.2045
Mailing Address:
301 Ontario Avenue
Saskatoon, SK, S7K 1S3
Canada
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Connect