https://www.sibbons.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policy/
Home
About Us
Machine Repairs & Servicing
Chainsaw Sharpening & New Chains with Fitting
Cat Scanner & Laser Level Repair Calibration
PAT Testing
Lorry Moves
Breaker Steel Sharpening
Product Sourcing
Screen Printing & Embroidery
Product Sales
Bituminous Supplies
Canteen, Janitorial & Hygiene
Clothing & Workwear
Electrical & Lighting
First aid & Fire safety
Footwear
Garden Equipment
Hand Tools & Tool Boxes
Lifting & Load Restraint
Power Tools & Accessories
PPE & Workgloves
Security, Fixings & Ironmongery
Signage
Special Offers & Clearance
Workplace Supplies
Plant Hire
Access & Lifting Equipment
Bowser Hire
Concrete Preparation & Compaction Plates
Compressor Hire
Dumper Hire
Excavator Hire
Fencing Hire
Forklift Hire
Garden Equipment Hire
Plant & Lorry Moves
Road Work Equipment Hire
Roller Hire
Small Plant & Tool Hire
Site Survey Equipment Hire
Trailer Hire
Snickers
Contact Us
Log In or Create an Account
CartCart0Your cart is empty.Login / Sign Up
CartCart0Your cart is empty.
Login
Our customer helpline number is 01206 823448
Buying Guides & Blog
Log In or Create an Account
Helpline: 01206 823448
Or email us at: sales@sibbons.co.uk
Credit accounts available, please enquire
Free delivery* on orders over £100+ VAT
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Home > Privacy & Cookie Policy
PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
Sibbons (Alresford) Ltd are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy, coupled with our terms of use, terms and conditions, returns policy and any other documents referred to in it, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be process by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protect Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Sibbons (Alresford) Ltd of Keelars Tye, Keelars Lane, Elmstead, Colchester, Essex, CO7 7EP.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
1) Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site.
2) If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
3) We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
4) Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
COOKIES
Cookies are small, text based files which are stored on the browser or hard drive of your computer from the websites you visit. Cookies are used widely in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.
The cookies used on this website and their purposes are detailed below. The denial of use of cookies on this website may prevent parts of the site from working correctly, or may restrict your access to certain parts of the site.
Session cookies store a session identifier to maintain your user experience whilst browsing the website. First person cookies can only be read by the site you are visiting. Disabling of these cookies will affect the basic running of the website, especially in regards to the shopping basket.
Persistent cookies are saved for a fixed period and generally help save data such as Logging In, the shopping cart and other similar functions, where data is used over multiple visits. Tracking (also persistent) cookies are used by systems such as Google Analytics, which are our authorised providers, which are used to gather and calculate non-specific user information as described in section 4 of “Information we may collect from you”. This data helps us to improve the website.
Please note that advertisers and third party websites (such as Facebook etc) may also use cookies. We have no control over these.
Cookies can be blocked and deleted. They can also be refused within the first use on the browser. However, using browser settings to block all cookies will seriously affect your ability to use and navigate all websites and will affect multiple features within them.
Unless you have blocked cookies in your settings, our system will issue cookies as soon as you enter the site, so you are therefore agreeing to our use of cookies (unless the browser settings are adjusted).
Please see below for a full explanation of our cookie policy.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
All information that you provide is stored on our secure servers.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
1) To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer.
2) To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
3) To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
4) To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
5) To notify you about changes to our service.
We may also use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of previous sale to you.
If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
We may collect information about your computer. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify and individual.
If you do not want us to use or pass on your data to relevant third parties, please tick the relevant box situated on the forms used to collect your data.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in the section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
1) In the event that we sell or buy a business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
2) If Sibbons (Alresford) Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
3) If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use, terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property of safety of Sibbons (Alresford) Ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at sales@sibbons.co.uk.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be sent via sales@sibbons.co.uk
COOKIE POLICY
THE LAW REGARDING COOKIES
The original EU legislation that became known as the “E-Privacy Directive” was published in 2003. It was concerned quite widely with the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector. In 2009 the Directive was amended by Directive 2009/136/EC that included a requirement to seek consent for cookies. The EU Directive became law in the UK on 26 May 2011. The ICO (Information Commissioners Office) is responsible for enforcing it in the UK and decided that enforcement would commence from 26 May 2012. As a result of the changes to the law, website owners must now:
Tell site visitors that the cookies are there;
Explain to site visitors what the cookies are doing; and
Obtain the consent of site visitors to store a cookie on their computer or device.
The ICO advises that website owners take steps to ensure that their users are properly informed about the cookies used by their website. We acknowledge this advice and have therefore put together this Cookie Policy. In doing so we have followed guidelines issued by authorities on the subject of best practice, including the International Chamber of Commerce UK Cookie Guide, which can be located at http://www.international-chamber.co.uk/images/ICC_Documents/icc_uk_cookiesguide_revnov.pdf
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
A cookie is a piece of information that a website stores on the website browser on your computer. The browser sends the information back to the website to enable the website to recognise the user.
Cookies include information such as the lifetime and expiry date of the cookie, the domain the cookie has come from and an identifier – for example, a random unique number.
MANAGING COOKIES USING YOUR BROWSER
Internet browsers will usually provide an option to disallow the setting of all or some cookies.
You can find more about using your browser’s cookie settings either via the help menu for your browser or on the browser’s own website.
Cookies can also be deleted by using your internet browser, but you must disallow them otherwise they will be reapplied the next time you visit a website.
If you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT OUR USE OF COOKIES
Cookies usually fit into one or more of the following four categories.
Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. These cookies do not gather any information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you’ve been on the internet. We are not required to get your consent to the use of Strictly Necessary Cookies.They last for one “session” and expire when you leave our website or close the browser. Cookies that fall into this category are:
i. Shopping cart cookies;
ii. Access to protected areas of a website;
iii. Remembering previously entered text so it’s not lost if the page refreshes.
Category 2: Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies store anonymous information only and therefore cannot be used to identify you. We are required to get your consent to the use of Performance Cookies.By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. Performance Cookies can be deleted from your browser history at any point before their expiry time. Cookies that fall into this category are:
i. Analytics;
ii. Advertising;
iii. Pay Per Click.
Category 3: Functionality Cookies
These cookies remember your preferences to personalise your experience on our website. We are required to get your consent to the use of Functionality Cookies. By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. Functionality Cookies can be deleted from your browser history at any point before their expiry time. Cookies that fall into this category are:
i. Detecting if you have already seen a pop-up to ensure it doesn’t get shown to you again;
ii. Submitting comments;
iii. Remembering colours, font sizes and page backgrounds.
Category 4: Targeted Advertising Cookies
Targeted Advertising Cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. The information they store is not anonymous. We are required to get your consent to Target Advertising Cookies. We will ask for consent from you to store these cookies on your device using a pop-up, overlay, splash page or header/footer bar. Cookies that fall into this category are:
i. Collecting information about browser habits to target advertising;
ii. Collecting information about browser habits to target website content.
We will inform you about cookies in these ways:
We have placed our Cookie Policy page as a link on every other page of our website to enable you to see and choose which cookies you allow from us. Please note that disallowing or deleting these cookies may affect the functionality of our website. If a cookie is a Targeted Advertising Cookie we will ask for your consent. We will endeavour to be as consistent as possible in the method we use to ask for your consent to make the user experience as easy to understand for you as possible. We will obtain your consent via a pop-up, overlay or splash page.
THE COOKIES WE HAVE ON OUR WEBSITE:
Below we have provided a table detailing all the cookies we use on our website for your information.
Name, Publisher and FunctionalityDescriptionCategory
CookieNoticeCookieNotice	Stores an on/off flag, used to control when the cookie policy popup appears.1
jssCart
First party (JShop cart session cookie)
Stores Cart IDStores cart ID, does not track any personal information, and is required for the website to function correctly1
jssHash
First party (JShop cart management cookie)
Stores hash for encryptionIs used to encrypt cart information, does not track any personal information, and is required for the website to function correctly.1
__utm.gif
google.com
Google Analytics beaconThis web beacon GIF image supports the various Google Analytics cookies to allow site owners to view anonymous site usage statistics.
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/faq/ (section: Does Google Use Cookies?)2
__utma
Google Analytics
Identifying unique visitors__utma
Google Analytics
Identifying unique visitors	Each unique browser that visits a page on your site is provided with a unique ID via the __utma cookie. In this way, subsequent visits to your website via the same browser are recorded as belonging to the same (unique) visitor. Thus, if a person interacted with your website using both Firefox and Internet Explorer, the Analytics reports would track this activity under two unique visitors. Similarly if the same browser were used by two different visitors, but with a separate computer account for each, the activity would be recorded under two unique visitor IDs. On the other hand, if the browser happens to be used by two different people sharing the same computer account, one unique visitor ID is recorded, even though two unique individuals accessed the site.
https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies2
__utmb
google.com
Determining visitor session__utmb
google.com
Determining visitor session	The Google Analytics tracking for ga.js uses two cookies to establish a session. If either of these two cookies are absent, further activity by the user initiates the start of a new session. See the Session article in the Help Center for a detailed definition and a list of scenarios that end a session. You can customize the length of the default session time using the _setSessionCookieTimeout() method.
https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies2
__utmc
google.com
Determining visitor sessionThe Google Analytics tracking for ga.js uses two cookies to establish a session. If either of these two cookies are absent, further activity by the user initiates the start of a new session. See the Session article in the Help Center for a detailed definition and a list of scenarios that end a session. You can customize the length of the default session time using the _setSessionCookieTimeout() method.
https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies2
__utmz
google.com
Tracking traffic sources & navigationWhen visitors reach your site via a search engine result, a direct link, or an ad that links to your page, Google Analytics stores the type of referral information in a cookie. The parameters in the cookie value string are parsed and sent in the GIF Request (in the utmcc variable). The expiration date for the cookie is set as 6 months into the future. This cookie gets updated with each subsequent page view to your site; thus it is used to determine visitor navigation within your site.
https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies2
This Policy document is relevent only for the cookies within this website. We note that we link to websites that use cookies and refer you to the relevent cookie policies on those other websites for more information. We accept no responsibility for cookies placed on your device by websites we link to.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more