http://www.claimadjuster.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy |
Collaborative. Technology-Driven. Efficient.
Email Claim
Submit Claim
Login
Toggle navigation
Home
IA Solutions
TPA Solutions
Technology Bridge
Join Our Team
About Us
Blog
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
I. Acknowledgment and Acceptance of terms
HAUSCH & COMPANY, INC. (“HCO,” “us,” “we,” or “our”) Operates www.hauschco.com (the “Site”).  This is our privacy policy and is designed to inform you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information we received from visitors to the Site.
We only use your personal information for providing and improving the Site.  When visiting the Site, you agree to the collection and use of this information.
II. Links to Hausch & Company, Inc. From Other Sites
Other Companies with links to this website may have their privacy policies. Independent Adjusters, Administrators, Appraisers, Surveyors, Consultants, Experts, Salvors, Inspectors, Insurers, Associations, and others that visit or link to our site are encouraged to create and publish their privacy policies.  However, since we do not have control over those third-party sites, HCO cannot be responsible for the privacy policies or lack thereof on those websites.
III. Personal Information Collection and Use
When visiting our site, we may need certain personal information that can be used to contact or identify you.  Personal information may include but is not limited to your name and email address.
IV. Log Data
Like many website operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).  This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages on our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
V. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer when you access any website.  Similar technologies include web beacons, action tags, local shared objects (‘flash cookies’) and single pixel gifs.  Such technologies can be used to track users’ actions and activities, and to store information about them.
HCO does not allow other companies to place cookies or other similar technologies on our website.
You do have the ability to accept or deny cookies.  Most Web Browsers automatically accept cookies, but browser settings can be modified to decline them.  If your browser is modified to reject cookies, note that any Website’s features may be disabled.
HCO reserves the right to share site statistics with partner companies.
VI. Personal Information
You may be asked on some page of this website to disclose personal information so that assistance can be provided such as a request for information, assignment of the claim, registration of email newsletters, technical support or troubleshooting.
HCO will not disclose personally identifiable information collected to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary that might include:
To fulfill services requests;
To protect Hausch & Company, Inc. from liability;
To respond to any legal process or comply with the law, or
In connection with mergers, acquisitions, or liquidation of the company.
VII. Changes to the Privacy Policy
HCO has the option at any time to update this Privacy Policy. The Updated Policy will have an updated date at the bottom of the page.  Please review this Policy every time you visit the site to stay up-to-date on how we are protecting the information we collect.  Your continued visits to this website constitute your agreement to this privacy statement and updates.
VIII. Contact Us
If you have questions regarding the above Privacy Statement, please contact us at privacy@hauschco.com
This Privacy Policy was last modified on October 25, 2018
SIMPLIFIED SOLUTIONS
IA Solutions
TPA Solutions
P: 1 800 747 4427
OUR COMPANY
About Us
Office Locations
E: claims@hauschco.com
LATEST INDUSTRY INSIGHTS
*
© 2020 Hausch & Company. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Employee Resources
Use of this website acknowledges that you are aware of and accept our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Accept