http://www.idc-rd.com/privacy.html
Leading Multi-Disciplinary Innovative Solutions Provider
Company Profile
Custom Solutions
Products
Semiconductors Wafer Transportation and Handling Equipment - PGV Person Guided Vehicle
Clean Room Environment Technology
PCB Manufacturing Systems - Dip Coater
Power Packs
Services and Capabilities
Contact Us
Home
Privacy
IDC is sensitive to the privacy issues raised by use of the Internet, and we are committed to protecting your privacy in a manner that will allow you to use our resources with complete confidence and comfort.
Only when voluntarily offered, IDC collects information that can identify you and uses this information in accordance with its privacy policy. When you sign up for our services IDC requests personal information, including your name, e-mail address, and other information necessary to provide you with personalized service.
We do not disclose any personal information unless you authorize us to do so, the law requires it, or to protect the rights or property of IDC. Any non-personal information, communications or material you send to IDC by Internet electronic mail is on a non-confidential basis. We are free to use and reproduce any such information freely, and for any purpose whatsoever.
We operate under a strict set of privacy principles. IDC takes care to respect the privacy of its online visitors (guests and/or members). Information that can identify any online visitor is collected only when voluntarily offered by the visitor. At IDC we continuously strive to improve your experience. To do so, we internally use personally identifiable information to personalize the customer experience and to improve our content and product offering, and site design and layout.
We do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. We may share non-personal, aggregate information regarding customer demographics, traffic patterns, sales, and site usage with our partners or advertisers. We will never willfully disclose personally identifiable information about our customers to any third party without prior consent.
We do not share personal information provided by site visitors with anyone outside IDC, except to the extent necessary to allow you to participate in site activities. In particular, we do not rent or sell mailing lists of site visitors to any third party. We will never post your e-mail address or other identifying information you have provided on our site without your consent. We collect non-personal information from online visitors in order to constantly improve our web site.
Information that can identify a visitor (e.g. name or address) is not collected in this process, nor does IDC require disclosure of such information. Information that can identify a visitor is collected only when the visitor provides it voluntarily.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Any changes in this privacy policy will be promptly disclosed in these pages. Return to check from time to time.
To Top
Company Profile | Custom Solutions | Products | Semiconductors Wafer Transportation and Handling Equipment - PGV Person Guided Vehicle | Clean Room Environment Technology | PCB Manufacturing Systems - Dip Coater | Power Packs | Services and Capabilities | Contact Us
| Privacy | Sitemap | Home
©Copyright 2006 IDC Industries Development Corporation Ltd. All rights reserved.