http://www.gacta.com/privacy-policy
478-919-8733
support@gacta.com
Join
Log In
Privacy Policy
The Georgia Christmas Tree Association, LLC (GACTA) uses its best efforts to respect the privacy of online visitors. GACTA does not collect personal information (such as name, address, e-mail address, or phone number) unless you voluntarily provide the information or are a member of GACTA. For example, if you have questions about GACTA services, you may provide your e-mail address, and a response to your inquiry will be sent to that e-mail address. Also, You do not need to register or provide information to view some sections of this site; however, only members of GACTA may enter the Member Services sections of the site. If you wish to become a member, GACTA will request various information related to your business and personal contact information including name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. GACTA will only request and use the information necessary to administer membership related duties and functions.
GACTA is committed to maintaining privacy and security controls over the information that you provide. Access of your personal information is restricted to the employees who are providing you with the products and services offered by GACTA, and employees of 43Tech, LLC who maintain the website. Appropriate security safeguards and encryptions are utilized to protect your information. GACTA uses passwords, personal identification numbers, and other applicable security measures to prevent an inappropriate entity or individual from gaining access to or knowledge of your data. GACTA cautions its members and others to be aware that cell phones are not a secure means of transmitting personal information.
GACTA shares personal information with third parties only if you authorize it, where required by law, and only with the business affiliates that work with GACTA to provide our products and services to you. GACTA has agreements with its business affiliates that require them to maintain the confidentiality of any personal information sent to them. In addition, GACTA requires that they use that information only for the specific and limited purposes related to providing GACTA products and services, and that they have in place the necessary security standards (approved by GACTA) to maintain the privacy and security of your personal information. The GACTA website uses a feature of your web browser known as a “cookie,” which is a small text file that gathers non-personal information to facilitate access to and use of the site. “Cookies” also allow recognition of repeat visitors, track the pages visited, and collect data to help continue to improve the site. GACTA does not use cookies for other purposes and does not share the information gathered by the cookies with third parties. Most browsers include a feature that enables the user to accept or deny cookies.
GACTA may make changes to our Privacy Policy from time to time. If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy please contact GACTA at info@gacta.com.
GACTA
Find a Farm
US Mail Office Address:  Georgia Christmas Tree Association 120 Cordele Rd. Hawkinsville, GA 31036 Phone: 478-919-TREE (8733)
Follow