http://www.bestmark.com/about-bestmark/privacy-notice
Client Login
QA Editor Login
Shopper Login
Français Connexion
Blog
About This Website
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Last updated: November 21, 2019
This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices for BestMark, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” or “us”). This Privacy Notice applies to any information you provide to us through a user account or collected by us through our website about you (the “Site”). Please note that we reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Notice from time to time and such changed Privacy Notice will take effect as of the “Last updated” date noted above. This Privacy Notice specifies:
What personal information do we collect about you through the Site?
How is this information used and with whom it may be shared?
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data?
What are our security practices to protect the misuse of your information?
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information?
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We are the sole owners of the information provided and/or collected through our Site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily provide us via email, your user account, or other direct contact from you. We do not require you to set up a user account to use our Site. For purposes of this Privacy Notice, “Personal Information” will include all personally identifiable information that is specific to you (e.g., name, address, phone number, email address). Except as specifically noted herein, we will not provide any Personal Information you may provide to us or we collect through our Site to any unaffiliated third party without your express consent.
We may collect information about you through your access or use of our Site (e.g., transaction data), IP addresses, device state information, unique device identifiers, device hardware and OS information, in order to assess issues with access to our Site and/or to make improvements to our Site. We may collect such transaction data through software application tools and data files, such as cookies, and web log files. In addition, we may track any login and/or usage information relating to your login of your user account (collectively transaction data and usage data is “Usage Information”). You have the ability to control such Usage Information through the control settings on your device. You may be required to permit such Usage Information in order to login into a user account on our Site. Our use of Usage Information does not allow us to gather any Personal Information from your device.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We use your Personal Information as necessary to maintain your user account. In addition, we may use either Personal Information or Usage Information, we collect or you provide to us, in order to:
Respond to any questions you ask or to respond to the reason you contacted us. We do not share your Personal Information with any unaffiliated third party, unless necessary to respond to your request.
Enhance, improve and develop new services and products and for overall customer support.
Perform data analytics for our internal business purposes.
Communicate with you (via email, text, phone or mail) either directly or indirectly through our service provider to send you special offers, or marketing information related to our products/services.
Communicate with you to notify you of changes to our Privacy Notice.
Assess our products/services.
You have the right at any time to unsubscribe to any marketing communication from us and we will promptly honor such request.
We use the Usage Information to perform data analytics, analyze and evaluate the features and functionality of our products and services. We may also use Usage Information to process automatic crash reporting which collects reports of crashes, other technical issues, and information relating to how our Site is functioning.
This information may also be provided to certain third-party service providers as necessary to provide our Site, products/services, and related functionality and offer other services and products. Third party service providers may include software development, application and data hosting, wireless network services providers, and any digital marketing services (collectively “Third-Party Providers”). We are responsible for assuring that these Third-Party Providers comply with the terms of this Privacy Notice.
Except for our Third-Party Providers, we will not share Personal Information or Usage Information with an unaffiliated third party without your prior authorization, unless doing so is necessary (1) to enforce this Privacy Notice, to comply with law, regulation or other legal processes or to protect the rights, property or safety of us or others, (2) to comply with a valid order or process from a public authority, (3) to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Site or the user accounts, (4) to detect or prevent criminal activity or fraud, or (5) in the event that we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, in which case such information may be one of the transferred assets.
While we may also use user behaviors, preferences or even Personal Information provided through a user account as an independent contractor ( “shopper”) to our customers (e.g., a third party), this information will only be provided as expressly permitted under the separate agreement between the user and Company.
YOUR RIGHTS
You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our Site:
Right to access – means you can ask us for a copy of any Personal Information we have about you, if any.
Right to correct – means you may ask us to change and/or correct any Personal Information we have about you.
Right to delete – means you may ask us to delete any Personal Information we have about you and we will be happy to do so unless we are required to retain such information by law or regulation or we have a right to retain subject to a user agreement for our internal business purposes.
Right to transfer – means you may request a copy of your Personal Information, in a commonly used and machine-readable format, be provided to you or to a third party you specify.
You may contact us at any time about any concern or question you have about our use of your Personal Information.
SECURITY
We take precautions to protect your information, including reasonable physical, administrative and technical safeguards. When you submit Personal Information via our Site, your Personal Information is transmitted using secure sockets layer (SSL) encryption technology. We restrict access to your Personal Information to our authorized personnel and/or Third Party Providers as appropriate and necessary to provide our services and/or maintain your user account.
We keep your Personal Information as long as necessary to process your requests, operate our business and provide our products/services, or as long as we are legally required to do so. As long as we have your Personal Information, we will continue to protect the privacy and security of such Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Notice.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. § 6501.06 and 16 C.F.R. §§ 312.1 – 312.12, we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, nor does our Site target children under the age of 13. By using our Site and any user account, you represent that you are not younger than 13. If you believe that any child under the age of 13 has opened a user account, please contact immediately and we will ensure such account is closed.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Notice, please contact us online at https://www.bestmark.com/contact or via telephone at 952-922-3890.