http://www.ddtgroup.com/privacy
HomeAbout UsDefensive Driver Training LimitedEmployers' Legal ResponsibilitiesCourse Locations and Facilities What is Defensive Driving?FAQNewsClientsRecruitmentCPC CoursesWhat is Driver CPC?Advanced Driving CoursesDefensive Driver Training One Day CourseVehicle Familiarisation Driver Training CourseDriver Assessor Training CourseSkid Control Driver Training CourseUK Familiarisation Driver Training CourseTrailer Towing Driver Training CourseFuel Efficient Driving CourseGrey Fleet Driver Training CourseWinter Driving Defensive Driving CourseVans and Light Commercial Driver TrainingLarge Goods Vehicles Driver TrainingPCV & Minibus Driver TrainingMinibus Driver AssessmentsHalf Day Defensive Driver Training Course FormatsDefensive Driver Training Refresher CoursesSpeed Awareness Driver Training CoursesPost Accident Rehabilitation Driver TrainingPost Driving Ban Driver Training CoursesHigh-Risk Driver Assessment and Retraining CoursesSafe & Advanced Driver Training SeminarsHybrid & Electric Vehicle Familiarisation CourseBanksmanContact Us
REQUEST A QUOTE
Privacy
You are here:  HomePrivacy
Defensive Driver Training Limited Website Privacy Policy We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this
policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
(1) What information do
we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
(a) information
about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including
your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length
of visit and number of page views;
(b) information
relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation
to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of
our goods or services;
(c) information
that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including company
name, position, phone number, email address and any relevant fleet details;
(d) information
that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services,
email notifications and/or newsletters (including company name, position, phone
number, email address and any relevant fleet details);
(e) any other information that you
choose to send to us.
We use live chat software on our website, this is provided by Click4Assistance, a 3rd party UK based Software Company. Information regarding how the data is processed and stored can be viewed here.
(2) Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and
stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each
time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server
to identify and track the web browser.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website.  Google Analytics
generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies,
which are stored on users' computers.  The information generated relating
to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google
will store this information.  Google's privacy policy is available at:
http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.  (For example, in
Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet
Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using
the sliding selector.)  This will, however, have a negative impact upon
the usability of many websites.
Cookies used on this site
Functional cookies
These cookies are used to make the website function properly.
Javascript cookies
Anonymous analytics cookies
Google Analytics (_utma, _utmb, _utmc,_utmz): These cookies are used by
Google Analytics to collect anonymous information about visits to our site
(number of visits, numbers of times pages are viewed, browser used etc) to
help us make the site work better.
By using this website you are agreeing to use of cookies, these cookies are
required to add functionality to the website and enhance user experience.
You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers including AdWords and opt-out of customized Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager. To provide website visitors more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics, Google has developed an Opt-out Browser add-on, which is available by visiting Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, to enable you to opt-out of Google’s programs.
(3) Using your personal
data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified
in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
(a) administer
the website;
(b) improve
your browsing experience by personalising the website;
(c) enable your use of the services available
on the website;
(d) send to you goods purchased via the
website, and supply to you services purchased via the website;
(e) send statements and invoices to you,
and collect payments from you;
(f) send you general (non-marketing)
commercial communications;
(g) send you email notifications which
you have specifically requested;
(h) send to you marketing communications
relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you by post or,
where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology
(you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
(i) provide third parties with
statistical information about our users – but this information will not
be used to identify any individual user;
(j) deal with enquiries and complaints
made by or about you relating to the website; and.
We will not without your
express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for
the purpose of direct marketing.
(4) Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents,
suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes
as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose information about you:
(a) to the extent that we are required
to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any legal
proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise
or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the
purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk); and
(d) to the purchaser (or prospective
purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information
to third parties.
(5) International
data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred
between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use
the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), information which you provide
may be transferred to countries (including the United States for purposes of
storage) which does not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force
in the EEA.
You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
(6) Security
of your personal data
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent
the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password
and firewall- protected) servers. All electronic transactions you make to or
receive from us will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and
we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
(7) Policy
amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version
on our website.  You should check this page occasionally to ensure you
are happy with any changes.
(8) Your
rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about
you.
You may instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes
by email  at any time.  (In practice, you will usually either expressly
agree in advance to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes, or
we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal
data for marketing purposes.)
(9) Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the
privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
(10) Updating
information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs
to be corrected or updated.
(11) Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your
personal data, please write to us by email to admin@ddtgroup.com or
by post to the address below.
(12) Data controller
The data controller responsible for our website is Defensive Driver Training
Limited.
Our data protection registration number is Z760306X
Moorgate House
King Street
Newton Abbot
Devon
TQ12 2LG
Tel 01384 442233
Registered in England & Wales Registration number 2402475
VAT no 547
2160 52
Defensive Driver Training
We are one of the UK’s leading corporate driver training companies specialising in providing Defensive and Advanced driving courses to wide variety of clients from almost every sector of the UK economy including banking, the petro-chemical industry, property,  pharmaceuticals,  electricity & gas,  energy generation and distribution, local authorities, NHS Trusts and government agencies... read more
Quick Links
Home CPC Courses What is Drivers CPC? Get A Quote Advanced Driving Courses
Contact Details
Location Address:Defensive Driver Training Ltd, Pure Offices, Broadwell Road, Oldbury, West Midlands,B69 4BY. Email Address:admin@ddtgroup.comTelephone:01384 442233
Defensive Driver Training Limited
Call  |
Email
Home About Us Defensive Driver Training Limited Employers' Legal Responsibilities Course Locations and Facilities
What is Defensive Driving? FAQ News Clients Recruitment CPC Courses What is Driver CPC? Advanced Driving Courses Defensive Driver Training One Day Course Vehicle Familiarisation Driver Training Course Driver Assessor Training Course Skid Control Driver Training Course UK Familiarisation Driver Training Course Trailer Towing Driver Training Course Fuel Efficient Driving Course Grey Fleet Driver Training Course Winter Driving Defensive Driving Course Vans and Light Commercial Driver Training Large Goods Vehicles Driver Training PCV & Minibus Driver Training Minibus Driver Assessments Half Day Defensive Driver Training Course Formats Defensive Driver Training Refresher Courses Speed Awareness Driver Training Courses Post Accident Rehabilitation Driver Training Post Driving Ban Driver Training Courses High-Risk Driver Assessment and Retraining Courses Safe & Advanced Driver Training Seminars Hybrid & Electric Vehicle Familiarisation Course Banksman Contact Us
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. For more information and to opt-out please view our privacy policy page. Privacy & Opt-out OptionsContinue