http://www.lifestyles.com/privacy/
About
About Us ›
Press ›
Contact Us ›
FAQs ›
Our Patents ›
Terms of Use ›
Privacy Policy ›
Cookies
Share
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement: LifeStyles Condoms
This statement discloses the online privacy practices for SxWell USA LLC’s LifeStyles© Web site (http://www.lifestyles.com) and describes our online information collection, use and storage practices. This policy applies only to information we collect online at this Web site, and not to any other information collection we may conduct at other SxWell USA LLC Web sites or offline. Please be sure to read this policy and the Terms of Use before using LifeStyles.com, or submitting information to us. Our privacy practices may change from time to time, so please check this area periodically for corresponding updates to our policy.
WHAT INFORMATION SXWELL USA LLC COLLECTS FROM YOU, HOW IT COLLECTS IT, AND WHY
As with most Web sites, SxWell USA LLC tracks information in two ways. There is voluntary information that we request, and information that we track passively.
We (or our agents) actively solicit information from you in several ways, including, for example during sweepstakes registrations. We also solicit information from you at our “contact us” page, where you can sign up for our mailing list to receive information about our products and services. In general, we collect e-mail address, street address, and telephone numbers, as well as certain demographic information that will help us provide you with better products. The information requested is necessary for us to process your specific request. We will indicate if any information requested is optional. If you decide not to provide us with the required information, we will unable to process your request.
In order to properly maintain our site, we (like all sites on the Internet) passively track navigational information through, for example, use of cookies and by assigning Internet tags. These passive information tracking mechanisms are used to create log files, in which we record IP addresses, browser types, referring and exit pages, platform type, and other non-personally identifiable information that is useful for administering our Web site.
HOW SXWELL USA LLC USES YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information you provide to respond to your request (for example to enter you in a sweepstakes or send you a purchased product), to customize your experience on our site, and to improve our features, products and services.  If you “opt in” by selecting a checkbox indicating you wish to receive additional communications, we may also use the information to notify you about new features, products or services, to notify you of upcoming contests or sweepstakes, to send you surveys or questionnaires, and for other business purposes.
In order to provide you with this Web site, and with our products and services, we may share your information with our agents or partners. For example, when hosting sweepstakes we often work with promotion companies with whom we share your information. We also work with agents to bring you certain areas of our Web site. These companies collect your information on our behalf, share the information with us, and also retain that information for their own purposes.
In addition to sharing your information with our partners and agents, we may also share your personal information with certain select vendors whose products or services we believe you may find of interest. We will also disclose your personal information if required by law to do so. We may also provide aggregated information about our users to third parties. If you do not want us to voluntarily share your personally identifiable information with unrelated third parties, you may notify us at lifestylescondoms@ansell.com.
We use the information we collect from you passively during your visit to create better products and services, analyze trends, and to administer our site. For example, we use this information to determine which areas of our site are more popular, to determine fluctuation of visitor numbers from week to week, to diagnose problems with our server, and to improve your web experience by determining the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to our site.
WHAT CHOICES YOU HAVE ABOUT THE INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO SXWELL USA LLC
We strive to provide you with as many choices and as much control as possible regarding the personal information you have provided to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information.
You may also send us an e-mail message at lifestylescondoms@ansell.com, to request access to, to correct, or to delete any personal information that you have provided us. To protect your privacy, we will only respond to e-mail messages sent from the e-mail account you originally provided to us when purchasing product or registering for a sweepstakes. Should you elect to have your information deleted, we will also delete your user account.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from us or from our partners may also opt-out of receiving these communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in the e-mail they receive or by sending an e-mail to lifestylescondoms@ansell.com.
If you do not wish for us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties, you may send us a notice to this effect at lifestylescondoms@ansell.com.
If you do not wish for us to collect cookies, you may set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of this site may not be accessible or function properly.
You should review this privacy policy carefully, because if you do not agree with our practices, your ultimate choice is not to use this site. Remember, by using any part of this site, you accept and agree to our privacy practices. If we update this privacy policy, your continued use of this site (following the posting of the revised policy) means that you accept and agree to the terms of the revised privacy policy.
HOW SXWELL USA LLC PROTECTS YOUR INFORMATION?
SxWell USA LLC takes its responsibility to protect your personal information seriously. In addition to technical measures such as firewalls and SSL encryption when transferring your data, we have also implemented procedural protection measures to protect your privacy.
WHAT SXWELL USA LLC DOES ABOUT CHILDREN ON ITS SITE?
SxWell USA LLC Web sites are not intended for, nor do we believe they are appealing to, children under the age of 13. SxWell USA LLC does not knowingly solicit or collect information from children under the age of 13. If SxWell USA LLC learns that it has been provided with information from someone under 13, SxWell USA LLC will destroy that information. We encourage parents to take an active role in ensuring that their children do not send information about themselves anywhere on the Internet unknowingly, and suggest that they use software tools or online services to ensure a safe Internet experience for their children.
HOW YOU CAN CONTACT SXWELL USA LLC
Any questions or issues can always be addressed to SxWell USA LLC at: 111 Wood Ave. South, Suite 210, Iselin, New Jersey 08830; or you may call us at (800) 232-1309; or send an e-mail to lifestylescondoms@ansell.com.
Double Click Policy:
“LifeStyles.com uses pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files are provided by our ad management partner, DoubleClick. These files enable DoubleClick to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with DoubleClick. With both cookies and Spotlight technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. For more information about DoubleClick, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx.
Share