https://www.respabeds.ie/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.respabeds.ie. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. Respa Beds respects your right to privacy and complies with its obligation under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This privacy policy will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you visit our website, fill in a contact or warranty form, chat online with us, email us or sign up for our general newsletter or blog newsletter.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. This is when you contact us through our Contact Form/Warranty Form/ Email/Online Chat. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. contact you directly.
Contact Form
Our contact form allows you to submit an online query to us. We request your name, email, phone and a short message to allow us to respond to your inquiry efficiently and effectively.
Warranty Form
We encourage people who have purchased our products to register them through our warranty form. We request you to provide your name, address, email, phone number and also the product detail. This enables us to deal with your warranty in an efficient manner if a product complaint arises.
Email
Emailing us directly on site means that we receive your email contact and will use this to respond to your query as required.
General Newsletter
Our general newsletter allows you to submit your email address, name, and address. We will keep you up to date on Respa products and offers.
Blog Newsletter
Our blog newsletter allows you to submit your email address, name, and address. We will keep you up to date on Respa and our latest sleep tips and information sleep related.
Online Chat
We use an online chat service to respond and engage with you when you are browsing on our website. You can also submit your information including name/email and message to this online chat and we can respond to you at a later time.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. See more about our Cookies on our Cookies Policy.
How do we use your information?
To contact you directly after you have submitted your information or query
To provide further information for the query you have submitted
To improve our website and give a personalised experience to you
To keep you informed on Respa Beds products and Sleep-related information
To communicate with you through remarketing for advertising purposes across other online channels such as Facebook, Google, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest etc. Your information will be kept safe and secure and not shared with any third parties. You can request for removal of your information from any of these channels by emailing on the information provided below.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
A subject access request known as SAR can also be made by you which is whereby you can request access to your personal information which we have stored. You can submit a subject access request by contacting us on this email info@respabeds.ie. We will provide you with the information within a 30 day period. The information will contain the following:
The purposes of the processing of your personal data
What type of personal data is stored
Where is the data stored
How long was your data stored
How do we ensure your information is secure?
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page which stands for SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protection. This means your data is encrypted using a secure server.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Do we disclose your information to third parties?
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email/forms/online chat or other direct contacts from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
The information you provide us with will be kept secure and safe. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other online channels for marketing, advertising and other uses.
Online privacy policy & consent
This online privacy policy applies to information which is collected through our website only and does not refer to information collected offline. By using our website, you are consenting to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve our right to make any changes to this website privacy policy at any time without prior consultation. Any changes made will be reflected on this page along with a revision date.
Contact Us
If you wish to ask us any questions regarding this privacy policy, you can contact us using the following information:
Call: (049) 854 1488
Email: info@respabeds.ie
Respa Beds, Kellett Group, Cavan Road, Oldcastle, Co. Meath.
Share:
Related Pages
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Contact Us