https://www.cobragolf.com/privacy-policy
HOLIDAY GIFT GUIDE - See Details
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Important information regarding the use of this site.
Cobra (collectively, “Cobra” or "we", "us", or "our") respects the privacy of all of our visitors and pledges to provide you with the best online experience possible. This Cobra Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes what information we collect from you, how we may use it and the steps we take to ensure that it is protected. BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE, MOBILE APPLICATION OR OTHER COBRA PRODUCT OR SERVICE ON ANY COMPUTER, MOBILE PHONE, TABLET, CONSOLE OR OTHER DEVICE (COLLECTIVELY, "DEVICE"), YOU CONSENT TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Collection And Use Of Personal Information
We collect information you give us or permit us to access. Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, image, birth date, email and physical address, IP address, telephone number or mobile phone identifier, gender, contact lists, social media information, location (including GPS) information, activity and performance information, and when necessary, credit card information. We also collect information about gift and e-giftcard recipients provided by the giver.
Navigation Information
We may also collect information regarding your interaction with, and use of, our products and services. Information we may collect includes, but is not limited to, your telephone number, Device identifier and hardware information, IP address, browser type and language, cookie information, system type, whether you have enabling software to access certain features, access times, referring website URLs, information about your purchases and other information about your interactions with us.
Information Voluntarily Provided
There are times when you may provide information to us voluntarily. This occurs when you provide your feedback to us though e-mails, return forms, letters or telephone calls. We use this information to respond to your query and to keep track of customer feedback.
Internet Database
Cobra may create an Internet database to allow consumers to store their shipping and billing information, track the status of their order, list previous orders and retain email preferences. Registration, if developed, is entirely voluntary and you have the ability to correct or delete the information at any time. This information, if stored, may be accessed through a "My Account" section of the site.
Marketing Information
Cobra does not sell or otherwise share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties, such as advertising agencies or marketing companies. We only send marketing information to those customers who specifically sign up for our mailing list. Customers can opt-out of receiving information by using the "unsubscribe" option in any marketing e-mail that they receive or by changing their preferences in the "My Account" section of the site.
Disclosure And Retention Of Personal Information
Cobra will share your personal information internally with those staff members who need it to complete any purchase or carry out your instructions regarding the receipt of marketing information. We will not disclose your personal information to any unaffiliated third party without your written consent unless required to do so by law.
Cobra keeps your personal information for as long as required to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected. We may also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. In some cases, such as credit- or debit-card purchases, we are required by law to keep your personal information for a specified period of time. For those customers who have registered for the mailing list, their personal information is kept until we are notified that they no longer want their information stored.
Cobra uses technical and organizational measures designed to protect your information against unauthorized access, theft, and loss. While Cobra strives to protect its user's personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee 100% the security or confidentiality of any information that you provide to us or that is otherwise disclosed by you online. We recommend that you take additional measures to protect yourself and your information, such as installing anti-virus software, closing browsers after use, keeping confidential your log-in credentials and passwords.
Accuracy And Protection Of Personal Information
Cobra relies on our customers to notify us of any changes in personal information. Should inaccurate information come to our attention, we will investigate and correct the information and, if necessary, advise you of the change. Only those staff members who need your personal information in order to respond to your requests are given access to it. Employees are provided with training and information regarding the proper handling of personal information. All information stored in our computer system is protected from unauthorized access and information that is stored in document form is kept in secure locations to prevent access by unauthorized persons.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit information online from children under 13 and we do not specifically target children under 13 in our marketing materials or other advertising.
California Privacy Rights
California law provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your rights under California law and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the previous 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at: (800) 917-3300
Emailing us at: customerservice@cobragolf.com, or
Writing to us at:
COBRA PUMA GOLF
Attn: Privacy Officer
1818 Aston Avenue
Carlsbad, CA 92008
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability once within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments relating to our website and/or the Privacy Policy, please Contact Us
Terms of Use
Your use of our products and services, and any disputes arising from them, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as the Terms of Use. Please visit our Terms of Use, which explains other terms governing the use of this website, as well as our products and services.
Revised December, 2019