https://www.gassafeconsultants.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
01270 758890
info@gassafeconsultants.co.uk
Search for:
Home
About Us
Our Services
Gas Safety Training
Gas Safety e-Learning
Welder Training
Consultancy
Compliance
Pressure Systems
Refresher Training
Legal Obligations
Assess the potential risks
Health and Safety Training
Oxygen Deficiency
Personal Protective Equipment
Risk Assessments
Risks using fuel gases
Safe movement of Gas
Safe use of pressure systems
Safe work equipment
Transporting cylinders by road
Venting relief valves
What regulations apply
Your Legal obligations
News
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern our relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
ServicesGas Safety TrainingGas Safety e-LearningWelder TrainingConsultancyCompliancePressure SystemsGas Safety Refresher Training
Our Industrial, Laboratory & Cryogenic workshop training materials are RoSPA approved.
Our Other Websites...
Gas Safe Interactive
Gas Safe Pressure Systems
Gas Safety Passport
Home
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
This site uses cookies:
Read our privacy policyOkay, thank you
best live chat