http://www.garycockerill.com/privacy-policy
About
Make Up
Gallery
Services
Masterclasses
The Book
Contact
When you provide us with information through this website, www.garycockerill.com (“this
Site”), it is important for you to understand what information we collect about
you during your visit and what we do with that information. Your visit
to this Site is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions. Please note that this Privacy Policy governs only information provided to Gary Cockerill Online. It does not govern any other information or communications that may reference Gary Cockerill such as communications from sales people in bricks and mortar retail stores that stock our products.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you, except when you provide it to us directly or through a third party. For example, if you decide to complete a user registration form, complete an online
survey or make a purchase, you may be asked to provide certain
information such as your contact information (name, email address, mailing address and telephone number), birthday, gender and product and/or cosmetic concerns and the brands and products you use. If you decide to place an order, we will also need to know your delivery and billing address, credit card number and expiry date. Please note you may be transferred to a third party service provider’s website in order to submit this information.
Sensitive information is not generally sought through the Gary Cockerill Site.
Sensitive information includes data relating to: race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or other similar beliefs; physical or mental health. If you do
provide sensitive information, by providing that information you
explicitly consent to us using it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you would prefer that we not collect any personally identifiable
information from you, please do not provide us with any such
information. Please note that if you do not wish to provide any personal information, you
will not be able to make purchases on this Site.
To protect your personal information, users registering at this Site must also enter a user name and password.
Prior to your submission of your personally identifiable information to this Gary Cockerill Site, you will be asked whether you consent to the processing and
transfer of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you consent, you will be able to submit your information to
this Gary Cockerill Site.
We will not provide your personally identifiable information to third
parties for their use in marketing their products or services to you
without your consent.
We
may disclose any information, including personally identifiable
information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. We may also exchange information, including personally identifiable information,
with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection and
risk reduction.
We
may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions consistent with our Privacy Policy on our behalf. Examples include customer support specialists, webhosting companies, credit card processing companies, fulfilment companies (e.g., companies that fill product orders or coordinate mailings), data analysis firms and email service providers. Such third parties may be provided with access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not
use such information for any other purpose.
If you elect to participate in any promotions, sweepstakes, surveys, questionnaires or other events during your visit to our Gary Cockerill Site, the rules or terms and conditions for those events may indicate that your personally identifiable information will be shared with third parties. By choosing to participate and submitting your personally identifiable information with respect to such events, you consent to disclosure of your personally identifiable information to such third parties. This Site is not responsible for and disclaims all liability for any use of
the information you choose to provide to such third parties.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell certain assets. In such transactions, user information, including personally identifiable information, generally is one of the transferred business assets and by submitting
your personal information on the Gary Cockerill Site you agree that your data may be transferred to such parties in these circumstances.
Use of Aggregate Information
We
may use the information you provide in aggregate (non-personally identifiable) form for internal business purposes, such as generating
statistics and developing products and marketing plans. We may collect, store or
accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of the Site, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular. We may share or transfer non-personally identifiable information with or to our licensees and partners.
If you are under 18 years of age, you may browse our Site. However, you may not provide personal information to us. For example, you cannot register or make a purchase. This Site is not designed for minors and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any person
under 18 years of age. If you are under 18 years of age and have any questions or concerns about this Site, please seek guidance from a parent or responsible adult.
The Gary Cockerill Site
may contain links to or from other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect on this Gary Cockerill Site. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from our Site or otherwise visit.
Security
We will take reasonable steps to create an accurate record of any personal information you have submitted through this Site. However, we do not assume responsibility for confirming the ongoing accuracy of your personal information. You are responsible for keeping your information on file
with us up to date.
Choice/Opt-Out
EMAIL: HELLO@GARYCOCKERILL.NET
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Refund Policy | Delivery Policy