http://www.unitrak.com/privacy-policy
UniTrak is in full production. Read our response to COVID-19 here
Learn more
Dismiss
UniTrak
–
Leaders in Material Conveying
Materials
Equipment
Resources
Company
Contact
Newsletter
Contact Us
This privacy policy applies between you, the User of this website and Unitrak Corporation and/or Unitrak Powderflight, the owner, and provider of this website. Unitrak Corporation and/or Unitrak Powderflight takes the privacy of your information very seriously. This privacy policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the Website. Please read this privacy policy carefully.
Definitions and Interpretation
1. In this privacy policy, the follow definitions are used:
Data: collectively all information that you submit to Unitrak Corporation and/or Unitrak Powderflight via the website. This definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in the Data Protection Act 1998;
Cookies: a small text file placed on your computer by this Website when you visit certain parts of the Website and/or when you use certain features of the Website. Details of the cookies used by this Website are set out in the clause below (Cookies);
Unitrak Corporation and Unitrak Powderflight, we or us:
Unitrak Corporation a company incorporated in Canada, whose registered office is at 299 Ward Street, Port Hope, Ontario, L1A 4A4.
Unitrak Powderflight, a company incorporated in England and Wales, whose registered office is at Dinting Lane Industrial Estate, Glossop, Derbyshire, SK13 7NU;
UK and EU Cookie Law: the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011;
User or you: any third party that accesses the Website and it not either (i) employed by Unitrak Corporation and/or Unitrak Powderflight
and acting in the course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to Unitrak Corporation and/or Unitrak Powderflight and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services, and;
Website: the website that you are currently using, https://live-unitrak.pantheonsite.io/, and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
2. In this privacy policy, unless the context requires a different interpretation:
the singular includes the plural and vice versa;
references to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices are to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices of this privacy policy;
a reference to a person includes firms, companies, government entitles, trusts and partnerships;
“including” is understood to mean “including without limitation”;
reference to any statutory provision includes any modification or amendment of it;
the headings and sub-headings do not form part of this privacy policy.
Scope of this privacy policy
3. This privacy policy applies only to the actions of Unitrak Corporation and/or Unitrak Powderflight and Users with respect to this Website. It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites.
Data collected
4. We may collect the following Data, which includes personal Data, from you:
Name;
Contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
Demographic information such as post code;
Financial information such as credit/debit card numbers;
IP address (automatically collected);
Web browser type and version (automatically collected);
Operating system (automatically collected);
8 A list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on this website, and the site you exit to (automatically collected).
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
5. We collect the above information to contact you in relation to the enquiry you submitted and store this information on our secure, cloud based CMS for Internal Record Keeping. At any time you can request details of personal information which we hold on you and/or request to have the information removed from our servers. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please either email sales@unitrak.com or write to:
6. Unitrak Corporation a company incorporated in Canada, whose registered office is at 299 Ward Street, Port Hope, Ontario, L1A 4A4.
Unitrak Corporation, 299 Ward Street, Port Hope, Ontario, L1A 4A4. Canada.
or
Unitrak Powderflight Ltd. Dinting Lane Industrial Estate, Glossop, Derbyshire. SK13 7NU
Any personal information you provide to us via the forms on our websites will never be passed on, sold, or rented to anyone.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files which are transferred from our Website and stored on your device. We use cookies to help us provide you with a sufficient service, and to help make our Website function correctly for you. To see how we use and store your cookies, please refer to our Cookies Policy.
Our use of Data
7. Unitrak Corporation and/or Unitrak Powderflight is the “data controller”.
8. We will retain any Data the data you submit until you instruct us to delete.
9. Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to any third party disclosures specifically set out in this policy your Data will not be disclosed to third parties. This includes our affiliates and/or other companies within our group.
10. All personal Data is stored securely in accordance with the principals of the General Data Protection Regulation 2018. For more details on security see the clause below (Security).
11. Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Website. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
internal record keeping;
improvement of our products/services;
transmission by email of promotional materials that nay be of interest to you;
Contact for market research purposes which may be done using email, telephone, or post. Such information may be used to customise or update the website.
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Third party websites and services
12. Unitrak Corporation and/or Unitrak Powderflight may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to, payment processing, delivery of purchased items, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. The providers of such services do not have access to certain personal data provided by users of this website.
13. We will not share your personal Data with any other organisations for marketing, market research, or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to third party websites.
Links to other websites
14. This Website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. We have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites. This privacy policy does not extend to your use of such websites. You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Changes of business ownership and control
15. Unitrak Corporation and/or Unitrak Powderflight may, from time to time, expand and reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or transfer of control of all or part of Unitrak Corporation and Unitrak Powderflight. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this privacy policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which is was originally supplied to us.
16. We may also disclose Data to a prospective purchaser of our business or any part of it.
17. In the above instance, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring your privacy is protected.
Controlling use of your Data
18. Wherever you are required to submit Data, you will be given options to restrict or use of that Data. This may include the following:
use of Data for directing marketing purposes; and
sharing Data with third parties.
Security
19. We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
20. Sending information over the internet is, generally, not completely secure, and we cannot guarantee the security of your data while it’s in transit. Any data you send is at your own risk.
GOOGLE
21. Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
COPPA (CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT)
22. When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
FAIR INFORMATION PRACTICES
23. The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM ACT
24. The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at marketing@unitrak.com.
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from the lists you choose.
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
CONTACT INFO
UniTrak Corporation Limited
299 Ward St.
Port Hope, Ontario
Canada
L1A 4A4
Materials
Equipment
Resources
Company
Contact
Newsletter
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Further use of this site will be considered consent.OKPrivacy Policy