https://www.msonet.com/privacy/
Privacy
MSO > Privacy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies only to www.msonet.com (this “Site”), which Site is developed, maintained and operated by MSO®, Inc. (“MSO”, “we”, “our” or “us”). This Privacy Policy does not pertain to other information that is collected offline or to information that is posted or provided by third parties. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE CONFIRMS YOUR UNCONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THAT YOU CONSENT TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Information Collected
Unless specifically agreed by MSO, this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected on this Site.
We automatically collect certain information when you use this Site. For example, we may collect identifying information that allows us to track the number of users of this Site and the way users navigate through this Site. The types of identifying information collected may include the date and time you use this Site, the search terms that you use, the content you view, the products you purchase, your IP address and associated location information, as well as the operating software and browser being used to access or use this Site.
We may collect two types of information from visitors to this Site: (1) Personally Identifiable Information; and (2) Non- Personally Identifiable Information, such as your IP address or information obtained from cookies.
Personally Identifiable Information
“Personally Identifiable Information” is information provided voluntarily to us by you that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, or company name that MSO may collect and store. MSO may use that Personally Identifiable Information to communicate with you by email, telephone or otherwise. For example, we may collect your first and last name, email address, phone number or service details if you contact us with a question related to our services.
If you do not want MSO to collect your Personally Identifiable Information, please do not provide it to us.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
“Non-Personally Identifiable Information” may be technical or demographic information, such as your age, location, gender or interests. Non-Personally Identifiable Information does NOT identify you personally. Here are some examples of the Non-Personally Identifiable Information that is collected via this Site:
Internet Protocol (IP) address — Your IP address is a number that identifies each computer participating in a computer network.
Cookie — A “cookie” is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on this Site or to track users across the Internet. For example, when someone visits a page within this Site, a cookie is placed on the user’s machine (if the user accepts cookies) or is read if the user has visited this Site previously. Some of the cookies we use may be flash cookies or Adobe cookies. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features enjoyed by other users to our Site.
Web Beacons (also known as “clear gifs,” “web bugs” or “pixel tags”) — “Web Beacons” are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. Web Beacons may be used to count users who have visited certain pages of this Site and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Web Beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages.
Service Information — We may collect information with respect to a service you have ordered or requested.
We may collect the above Non-Personally Identifiable Information from all visitors to our Site. If you do not want MSO to have access to this information, please do not visit our Site.
Use of Information Collected Via this Site
Personally Identifiable Information
We may use Personally Identifiable Information that is collected on this Site for the following purposes:
To deliver services.
To alert you of services from MSO.
To ensure this Site is relevant to your needs.
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you.
To notify you about a material change to this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use.
To contact you in response to sign up forms such as Contact Us or other inquiry.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is used as described above and in other ways as permitted by applicable laws.
We may combine Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Personally Identifiable Information collected from other sources, such as cookies, Web Beacons or outside sources.
Sharing and Disclosure of Information
Personally Identifiable Information
MSO may share selected Personally Identifiable Information to help manage our business for things that include, but are not limited to, the following:
In order to better serve you. MSO may have to share your data in order to provide you with services that have been requested by you, or so that we can ensure our services are meeting your needs.
To unaffiliated third-party service providers, agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Site and provide other administrative services to us. Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Site will have access to users’ Personally Identifiable Information, if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information, please do not register or submit any Personally Identifiable Information to us.
To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to comply with the requirements of law or requests from law enforcement or government agencies, to comply with legal process served on us, or to protect and defend our rights or property, including the rights and property of MSO, or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our users.
MSO may leverage Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, AdSense and similar analytics and/or internet-based advertising tools. You can learn more about how Google uses data when you use their partner sites or apps here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners. MSO may use the features in conjunction with Google Analytics for Display Advertisers including, but not limited to, Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Platform integrations and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
To learn more or to choose not to have this information used by our third party advertising partners by opting out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
You may complete a purchase on this Site via PayPal. In order to fulfill your purchase, PayPal may collect your credit card, debit card or other account number, billing address and other information related to such purchase. The information you provide to PayPal is subject to PayPal’s Privacy Policy.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information collected on this Site in the manner disclosed above, in Sections A(2) and B(2).
Do-Not-Track Mechanisms
We do not currently honor any “do-not-track” signal sent by browsers. Your experience will not be altered if you use a “do-not-track” mechanism. You may opt-out of targeted advertising from National Advertising Initiative members by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Collection and Use of Information from Children Under the Age of Thirteen
This Site is not intended for children under the age of thirteen. MSO does not knowingly collect or solicit any Personally Identifiable Information from anyone under the age of thirteen or knowingly allow such persons to use this Site. If you are under thirteen please do not attempt to register on this Site or send us any Personally Identifiable Information. If you have reason to believe that we have collected any Personally Identifiable Information from someone under thirteen years of age, please have the child’s parent or guardian contact us at info@msonet.com
International Transfer of Information
If you are visiting this Site from outside the United States and provide us with Personally Identifiable Information, please note that your Personally Identifiable Information may be transferred, stored and processed within the United States. The data protection or privacy laws in the United States may not be as comprehensive as those in your country.
By interacting with this Site, you are consenting to the transfer of your Personally Identifiable Information and you understand that MSO may transfer that information to its affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Your Obligation to Keep Your Access Rights Secure
You are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of which you become aware. You are responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and the intended use of the Site.
Third Party Web Sites
This Site may contain links to other third party web sites. MSO does not endorse and is not responsible for any third party web sites, products, services or business practices.
MSO assumes no responsibility for the privacy or security of information you provide to any third party through linked web sites or any other means. We urge you to review the privacy policy of any web site you visit. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites.
With respect to purchase transactions, users may be required to provide Personally Identifiable Information (including credit card information) directly to a third party retailer in connection with the sale of services through this Site, and any information so disclosed to such third party shall be governed by such third party’s privacy policy.
Bankruptcy; Mergers and Acquisitions; Assignment
If we should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, or if we should decide to buy, sell or reorganize some part or all of our business, we may be required to disclose your information, including to prospective or actual acquirers in connection with one of these transactions. We may also sell, rent, disclose or transfer your Personally Identifiable or Non-Personally Identifiable Information to a successor entity in the event of a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate changes respecting MSO.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy or any portion of this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion.
Security
Any information that you transfer to MSO is done at your own risk. MSO makes reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems. However, this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of firewalls and secure server software.  The safeguards we use reflect, in a commercially reasonable manner, the nature of the information you have supplied to us and the nature and scope of our business.
MSO does not make any warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that MSO will be able to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access to or alteration of, Personally Identifiable Information or information you transmit to us through this Site or otherwise.
We urge you to take every precaution to protect your Personally Identifiable Information when you are on the Internet or storing such information on your device. This Privacy Policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet and therefore beyond our control.
Governing Law / Venue / Forum
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws (both substantive and procedural) of the State of New Jersey and by the federal laws of the United States, excluding their conflicts of laws provisions. All disputes, controversies and disagreements between the parties arising out of or related to this privacy policy shall be exclusively submitted for, resolved and finally settled by, binding arbitration.
California Residents
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with MSO, you can request, pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, a notice disclosing the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we have shared with third parties during the preceding calendar year for the purpose of direct marketing by the third parties. To request a notice, please submit your request to info@msonet.com
Contacting MSO
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at info@msonet.com All information you provide in any written communication will also be covered by this Privacy Policy.
MSO®, Inc. (The Mutual Service Office, Inc.)
139 Harristown Road
Suite 100
Glen Rock, NJ 07452
(800) 935-6900
info@msonet.com
Terms of Use
These terms of use (“Terms of Use”) apply only to www.msonet.com (this “Site”), which Site is developed, maintained and operated by MSO®, Inc. (“MSO”, “we”, “our” or “us”). These Terms of Use do not pertain to other information that is collected offline or to information that is posted or provided by third parties. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING WWW.MSONET.COM (THIS “SITE”). YOUR USE OF THIS SITE CONFIRMS YOUR UNCONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
These Terms of Use apply to all users of this Site and its associated services. This Site is developed, maintained and operated by MSO.
1. Use of this Site. This Site is expressly owned and operated by MSO. Unless otherwise noted, all text, graphics, information, content, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork, computer code and other material displayed on or that can be downloaded from this Site (collectively, “Content”), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of such Content are owned, controlled or licensed by or to MSO, and are protected by copyright, patent, trademark and various other intellectual property and unfair competition laws. All worldwide rights are reserved. This Site and its Content are intended solely for your personal or internal business, noncommercial use. Any use of this Site or its Content other than for personal or internal business, noncommercial purposes is prohibited. Content may not be used except as permitted in these Terms of Use with prior written permission of the owner of such material. You may not modify this Site or any part of this Site, including any Content, in any way, or copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, encode, translate, transmit, publicly display, perform, distribute or otherwise use any such information or materials for any public or commercial purpose. Any unauthorized use of any such information or materials may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, laws of privacy and publicity, and other laws and regulations. You may download or electronically copy and print any of the Content displayed on this Site for your personal or internal business, noncommercial use. If you download, copy or forward via e-mail any part of the Content, no right, title or interest in those materials is transferred to you or any third party.
2. Trademarks. Certain trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos used or displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of MSO. Other trademarks, trade names and service marks used or displayed on this Site are the registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of their respective owners. Nothing contained on this Site grants or should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos displayed on this Site without the written permission of MSO. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material. You may not remove, obscure or alter any copyright notices, trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, or other distinctive brand features or other proprietary rights notices affixed to or contained within this Site or its Content.
3. Linking to this Site. Creating or maintaining any link from another Web site to any page on this Site without our prior written permission is prohibited. Running or displaying this Site or any information or material displayed on this Site in frames or through similar means on another Web site without our prior written permission is prohibited. Any permitted links to this Site must comply will all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
4. Third Party Links. From time to time, this Site may contain links to Web sites that are not owned, operated or controlled by MSO. All such links are provided solely as a convenience to you and do not represent the views of MSO or any individual associated with MSO. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. Neither we nor any of our respective affiliates: (i) monitor or review any third party content or Web sites; (ii) are responsible for any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from any other Web site; or (iii) endorse, guarantee, or make any representations or warranties regarding any other Web sites, their terms of use or privacy practices, any content, materials or other information located or accessible from any other Web sites, or the results that you may obtain from using any other Web sites. If you decide to access any other Web sites linked to or from this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk.
5. Prohibited Actions. You may not: (a) reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, reverse engineer, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or commercially exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any Content or this Site; (b) use any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (c) manipulate, duplicate or otherwise display this Site, Content or any portion thereof by using framing or similar navigational technology; (d) register, subscribe, unsubscribe or attempt to register, subscribe or unsubscribe any party for any Site service if you are not expressly authorized by such party to do so; or (e) use this Site or Content, including any of the features, tools and service on this Site, for any reason other than for its intended purpose, including to communicate with MSO or conduct any Inappropriate Activities, as defined below. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of this Site, any other systems or networks connected to this Site, any MSO server, or any of the services offered on or through this Site, by hacking, password “mining” or any other illegitimate means. You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of this Site or any network connected to this Site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on this Site or any network connected to this Site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user or visitor of this Site, or any other customer of MSO, including any MSO account not owned by you, to its source. You may not exploit this Site or any service or information made available or offered by or through this Site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by this Site. You agree that you will not take any action that intentionally imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of this Site or MSO’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to this Site. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or with any other person’s use of this Site. You may not use this Site (including any Content) to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity that infringes the rights of MSO or others. You acknowledge that your failure to abide by these Terms of Use may subject you to civil and criminal liability.
6. Inappropriate Material. You are prohibited from transmitting any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, morally offensive, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage harassment or a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law (collectively, “Inappropriate Activities”). In addition to any remedies that we may have at law or in equity, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have violated or are likely to violate the foregoing prohibitions, we may take any action we deem necessary to cure or prevent the violation. We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order or subpoena in connection with such Inappropriate Activities.
7. Account Security. This Site allows you to register or obtain a password so that you may use certain services available on this Site. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registration information and password, and for all account use, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify MSO of any unauthorized use of your account or a breach of security of which you become aware. You are responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and the intended use of the Site. We have the right to provide user account, content or use records and related information under certain circumstances (such as in response to legal responsibility, lawful process, orders, subpoenas or warrants, or to protect our rights, our customers’ rights or our business).
8. User Information. Other than personally identifiable information, which is subject to this Site’s Privacy Policy (https://www.msonet.com/privacy/), any material, information, suggestions, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, questions, comments, feedback or other communication you disclose, offer, submit, send or transmit to this Site or to MSO in any manner (“User Communications”) is and will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. MSO and its affiliates are under no obligation to keep User Communications confidential. We will have no obligation to use, return, review, or respond to any User Communications. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any User Communications you offer or submit. We, our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns and our or their designees (as applicable) may use any or all User Communications for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, reproduction, transmission, disclosure, publication, broadcast, development, manufacturing and/or marketing in any manner whatsoever for any or all commercial or non-commercial purposes. By submitting, transmitting or otherwise providing any User Communications, whether solicited or unsolicited, you agree that you are granting us, our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns and our or their designees a royalty-free, fully paid, non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, unrestricted, worldwide license to communicate, publish, transmit, perform, display, create derivative works from, distribute, exploit and otherwise use such User Communications for any purpose, including, without limitation, advertising and promotional purposes, in any media, now or hereafter known, even if these Terms of Use are later modified or terminated, without any compensation to you. You agree to waive all moral rights in any User Communications in favor of MSO. MSO may, at its option and in its sole discretion, use, post, distribute, critique, quote from, characterize and/or refer to your User Communications or any portion thereof.
9. Your Representations and Warranties. By using this Site, you represent and warrant that (a) you are at least eighteen years old; (b) you have read and agree to abide by these Terms of Use; (c) you have read and agree to our Privacy Policy (https://www.msonet.com/privacy/); (d) any information you submit to MSO is truthful and accurate; and (e) you will not use this Site or any content for any unlawful purpose or in violation of any applicable law.
10. DISCLAIMERS. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR RISK. MSO DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THIS SITE OR ITS SERVER WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL ELEMENTS. THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENT AND THE SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. NEITHER MSO, NOR ANY OF ITS RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, WARRANT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR COMPLETENESS, QUALITY OR CURRENTNESS OF ANY CONTENT OR SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THIS SITE. THE CONTENT OR SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THIS SITE MAY BE OUT OF DATE, AND NEITHER MSO, NOR ANY OF ITS RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES MAKES ANY COMMITMENT OR REPRESENTATION THAT ANY CONTENT, ITEMS OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS, OR ASSUMES ANY DUTY TO UPDATE SUCH CONTENT OR SERVICES. THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, MSO HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES LISTED ON THIS SITE.
11. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY. MSO assumes no responsibility, nor will be liable, for any damages to your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your access to, use of, or browsing this Site, or your downloading of any information or materials from this Site, including without limitation any damages caused by viruses. IN NO EVENT WILL MSO, OR ANY OF ITS RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, TRUSTEES, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNS, NOR ANY LICENSOR, SUPPLIER OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR TRANSMISSION OF THIS SITE, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS SITE, ANY WEB SITES LINKED TO OR FROM THIS SITE, OR THE CONTENT OR SERVICES CONTAINED ON ANY SUCH WEB SITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS.
IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THIS SITE OR ANY CONTENT, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO CEASE USING THIS SITE.
12. Revisions to these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use may be revised at any time and from time to time and such revisions shall be effective immediately upon notice to you, which notice may be provided by posting the revised Terms of Use on this Site. You should visit this Site from time to time to review the then current Terms of Use because they are binding on you. Any use of this Site after notice of the revised Terms of Use shall constitute your acceptance of such changes. Certain provisions of these Terms of Use may be superseded by legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this Site.
13. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY (BOTH SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL), WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS RULES. You irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the state of New Jersey for any litigation or dispute arising out of or relating to your access to or use of this Site, these Terms of Use or our Privacy Policy (https://www.msonet.com/privacy/).
14. Termination. You or we may suspend or terminate your account or your use of this Site at any time, without notice, for any reason or for no reason. We reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspect of this Site at any time without notice.
15. Indemnity. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold MSO, affiliates and subsidiaries, officers, trustees, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns, harmless from and against any claims, losses, liabilities, demands, penalties, actions, causes of action, suits, obligations and expenses, including damage awards, settlement amounts and reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of our Site, your connection to our Site, your violation of these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy (https://www.msonet.com/privacy/), or your violation of any rights of another party. This indemnity survives termination of these Terms of Use.
16. Domestic Use; Export Restriction. We control this Site from our offices within the United States of America. We make no representation that this Site or its content (including, without limitation, any products or services available on or through this Site) are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Users who access this Site from outside the United States of America do so on their own initiative and must bear all responsibility for compliance with local laws, if applicable. Further, the United States export control laws prohibit the export of certain technical data and software to certain territories. No content from this Site may be downloaded in violation of United States law.
17. Copyright Agent. If you believe your copyrighted work is accessible on this Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide the following information to the agent identified below: (i) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (ii) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on this Site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works on this Site; (iii) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit MSO to locate the material; (iv) Information reasonably sufficient to permit MSO to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted; (v) A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. For copyright inquiries, please contact: info@msonet.com.
18. General. These Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy (https://www.msonet.com/privacy/) contain the entire understanding and agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein or therein. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision by us. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal, such provision shall be deemed severed and the remainder of the terms and conditions shall remain in full force and effect. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy (https://www.msonet.com/privacy/). You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of this Site or our Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. MSO may assign its rights and duties under these Terms of Use to any party at any time without notice to you.
MSO®, Inc. (The Mutual Service Office, Inc.)
139 Harristown Road
Suite 100
Glen Rock, NJ 07452
(800) 935-6900
info@msonet.com