https://www.cask.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Cask Privacy Policy
At Cask Brewing Systems Inc. (“Cask”), we are committed to respecting and maintaining your online privacy. We recognize the need for appropriate protection and management of all personally identifiable information and data that you share with us.
Any information we collect on this website, or that you provide to us:
Is used to provide you with information on our products and services; and
May be used to notify you for marketing or remarketing purposes.
Personally Identifiable Information will not be sold or rented to others. Personally Identifiable Information will not be shared with other organizations without your consent unless such disclosure is reasonable in the circumstances, or is permitted without consent by the Personal Information Protection Act (Alberta) or successor legislation.
Clarification
“Personally Identifiable Information” means information about an identifiable individual.
Examples of an individual’s Personally Identifiable Information include:
Credit card or bank account numbers
ID numbers such as SIN numbers, health card or benefit plan numbers
Age, weight, and height
Medical information such as blood types, income bracket, or ethnic origin
Employee records, credit info or loan information
Any information that can reveal the name, location, economic, cultural or social identity of a natural person
Because Cask limits its business activities to selling canning solutions to business customers  and  it collects Personally Identifiable Information only for the purpose of those business activities.
Cask does use cookies on its website. More information about cookies is set out in the Advertisement Policy section below.
Storage of Information
Cask uses Salesforce.com, inc. to store information that it collects from customers and from users of this website.  Those service providers will store this information on servers that are located in North America.
Cask will retain your personal information for so long as we believe you are interested in obtaining information about Cask’s products and services.  If Cask has not heard from you for ten years, then Cask will delete your information from its database.
International Standards for Protection of Personally Identifiable Information
We have produced this Privacy Clarification with respect to the privacy principles outlined the “Personal Information Protection Act (Alberta)” and in Schedule 1 of the “Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act” (the “PIPEDA Act”) of Canada.  A copy of Schedule 1 to the PIPEDA Act can be found here.
The European Commission currently recognizes that the PIPEDA Act meets the demands of the “European Union’s Data Protection Directive” and provides protection for personal information transferred between Canada and the EU.
This Privacy Policy has also been informed by the General Data Protection Regulation of the EU.
The international principles for the protection of Personally Identifiable Information are constantly evolving.  Cask will endeavour to update this Privacy Policy as these principles evolve, and will make the changes available on its website as those changes are adopted.
Advertisement Policy
Cask uses remarketing to show you advertisements about Cask products as you browse the Web. Remarketing allows us to reach people who have previously showed interest in our services. We connect to potential customers while they’re online by showing a compelling message or offer that may encourage them to return. Third party vendors, such as Google, help us target potential clients by placing ads on the Google Display Network. Ad placement is done by using cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to your website. If visitors would like to opt-out of Google’s use of cookies, they can do so by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager or they can visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
More Information
You may contact Cask’s Privacy Officer at any time in order to: receive a copy of any personal information that Cask has concerning you; ask Cask to correct any of your personal information; ask Cask to stop sending you any direct marketing information; ask Cask to delete any of your personal information; or to provide you with a portable copy of your personal information.
If you want to see your personal information, please let us know by contacting us.  You will need to provide proof of identity in order to receive personal information.
The Cask Privacy Officer is Russell Love. The Privacy officer can be contacted by sending an e-mail to .