http://www.auraphoto.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Cookie Policyadmin2019-07-18T08:59:13+00:00
Our Cookie Policy
Introduction
This Cookie Policy (together with the documents referred to in it) (the “Cookie Policy”) informs You about how We use certain data collected through the Website.
Aura Imaging, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries and/or affiliates (collectively, “Aura Imgaing” or “We”/“Us”/“Our”),  respect Your privacy and recognize the importance of the responsible collection, use and storage of information obtained during Your use of Our websites.  This Cookie Policy informs You about how We use certain data collected through Our websites.  This Cookie Policy applies to http://www.auraphoto.com (collectively, the “Website”) and all users of and all visitors to the Website (collectively, “You”/”Your”).
The Website is operated by Aura Imaging, Inc., a California corporation with a mailing address at 11620 Wilshire Blvd., FL 9, Los Angeles, CA 90025.
Please review this Cookie Policy in detail, which explains how certain information is gathered upon Your access to and/or use of the Website.  In addition, please review Our Privacy Policy (http://www.auraphoto.com/privacy/) and Our Terms and Conditions of Use (http://www.auraphoto.com/terms/) which govern Your use of Our Website and Services (as such terms are defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use), and which are incorporated herein by reference.
What Is a Cookie?
Cookies are pieces of information sent to Your browser on a web server and stored on Your computer’s hard drive for record keeping purposes.  We use cookies to make visiting the Website easier and to help provide You with a better web experience.  Most websites use cookies in one form or another.  Cookies allow Us to save certain information You provide on the Website so that You may not have to re-enter it the next time You visit.  Cookies cannot be used to obtain other information from Your computer or other device.  Cookies are used to collect statistical information and are not used to identify individuals.
Our Cookie Policy
We and Our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever You visit or interact with the Website.  These technologies may be downloaded to Your computer or device and may set or modify settings on Your computer or device.  This information may include the browser that You are using, the URL that referred You to the Website, the areas within the Website that You visit and Your activities there, and the time of day, among other information.
How You Can Control Cookies and How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies.  If You prefer, You can reset Your browser either to notify You when You have received a cookie or to refuse to accept cookies.
Our Website does not acknowledge Do Not Track (“DNT”) settings.  For more information on Do Not Track, please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.org/.
How We Use Cookies on the Website
The Website makes only limited use of cookies, pixel tags and/or flash cookies (collectively, “Cookies”).  We use them to help You find Your way around the site, to check where You have logged in, to “remember You” after You have registered with Us (if You tell Us to), and in certain circumstances to deliver targeted advertising to You.
A “cookie” is a small piece of computer code sent by a website and stored on the hard disk of Your computer.  A “pixel tag” (also known as a tracking pixel, web beacon, or clear GIF) is an embedded image on a website that may register a user’s website activity.  A “flash cookie” (also known as a Local Shared Object) is a data file stored on Your computer by the websites that You visit (click the following link for more details:  https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html).  Flash cookies provide similar functionality as cookies, but are based on different technology, provide richer data collections, and are persistent; they do not go away when You exit Your browser and generally cannot be deleted through Your browser option tools.
Specific Cookies the Website may create fall into three groups:  those necessary to make the Website work, those that help Us optimize Our Website and/or add extra functionality to make the Website easier for You to use, and those that deliver targeted marketing to You.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
The Website uses ‘session cookies’ to maintain information about where You are on the Website and whether You have logged in.  These are deleted as soon as You close Your browser.
Functionality and Performance Cookies
These Cookies are not required for the Website to operate, but can provide extra functionality for You, such as remembering choices You make while browsing.  These Cookies collect information about how you use our Website, such as which pages You go to most. This data may be used to help optimize Our Website and make them easier for You to navigate. These Cookies are also used to let affiliates know if You came to Our Website from an affiliate and if Your visit resulted in the use or purchase of a product or service from Us, including details of the product or service purchased. These Cookies don’t collect information that identifies You, and they cannot track Your browsing on third-party websites.  All information these Cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Targeting or Advertising Cookies
Targeting or advertising Cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and to direct specific marketing to them.  Some examples include Cookies used for remarketing or interest-based advertising.
We sometimes use Cookies delivered by Us or by third-parties to show You ads for Our products that We think may interest You on devices You use and to track the performance of Our advertisements.  For example, these Cookies collect and remember information such as which browsers have visited Our Website.
Google Analytics and Advertising Program
We use Google Analytics and Google Display Advertising (“Google Analytics”), a web analytics and advertising service provided by Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.  You can learn about Google’s privacy practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how Our Website is used, including the number of visitors, the websites from which visitors have navigated to Our Website, and the pages on Our Website to which visitors navigate.  This information is used by Us to improve Our Website. And may also be used for displayed advertising and/or marketing initiatives, such as serving advertisements to those who are on Our remarketing lists or based on Google-defined interest categories or similar audiences.
To review the policies that We are following, please see Google’s Internet-Based Advertising Policies, available here:  https://support.google.com/adspolicy/answer/143465?hl=en.
Opt-Out of Google Analytics and Ads
Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Preference Manager, available here:  https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=en.   To opt-out from data collection by Google Analytics, you can download and install a browser add-on, which is available here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
If You wish to contact Us for any further information or to make a privacy complaint, please send an e-mail to info@auraphoto.com.
Effective Date: July 15, 2019