http://www.sips.org/about/privacy-policy
253-858-7472
0 items - $0.00
Privacy PolicyStructural Insulated Panel Association Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. Please read Structural Insulated Panel Association’s Privacy Policy below.
The Structural Insulated Panel Association (SIPA) is committed to protecting your privacy. Any personal information that you provide to the Structural Insulated Panel Association should be done on a completely voluntary basis. We only use the information that you voluntarily provide to process your requests or to provide you with additional information about structural insulated panel products and services, including purchasing and/or installing SIPs, or to enable our members to contact you. As part of this process, we may provide your information to pre-screened third party businesses affiliated with the structural insulated panel industry that may communicate directly with you. These include structural insulated panel manufacturers, builders, dealer/distributors, and design professionals. In addition, Structural Insulated Panel Association may provide aggregate statistics about our website visitors, traffic patterns and related site information to Structural Insulated Panel Association members. Your detailed personal information will not be released for such purposes.
Any personal information you provide will be collected and stored by the Structural Insulated Panel Association and its electronic business service provider contractees. If you later change your mind and decide that you no longer want your personal information made available to the Structural Insulated Panel Association, or you wish to be excluded from future e-mail communications from the Structural Insulated Panel Association, please contact the Structural Insulated Panel Association at info@sips.org or use the “unsubscribe” option on the e-mail communication. Also, please understand that once the Structural Insulated Panel Association has provided your information to third party business affiliates, it can no longer exercise control over subsequent users. In the event that you later decide that you do not want to receive any additional information from a particular business entity, it will be your responsibility to contact that entity and request your removal from its mailing list.
Please keep in mind that whenever you provide personal information online, there is a risk that it may be collected and used by people you don’t know. Although the Structural Insulated Panel Association strives to protect the personal information of its website users, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.
When you are on this Structural Insulated Panel Association website, you will have options to enter other websites, pages or links that are outside of our service and beyond our control. The Structural Insulated Panel Association is not responsible for the content, requirements, services, performance, policies or any other aspect of these websites.
Structural Insulated Panel Association may release personal information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with the law, (b) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements, or (c) protect the rights, property or safety of Structural Insulated Panel Association, our users, or others.
By using the Structural Insulated Panel Association website, you consent to this Structural Insulated Panel Association Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please exit this site here.
Recent Posts
What it means to be a ‘Zero Energy Ready Home’ – Long Island SIP home case study
Nov 25, 2020
SIPs in Walls & Ceilings Magazine
Sep 9, 2020
Unique Rooftop Home Takes Top SIP Building Award
Jul 22, 2020
Helpful Links
SIPA Website Sponsors