http://www.xenomorph.com/about/anti-bribery-policy/
Xenomorph Anti-Bribery Policy
Solutions
Technology
Customers
Resources
News
About Us
Search
Menu
TwitterLinkedin
Anti-Bribery Policy
The Company aims for the highest possible standards of ethical conduct in all of its activities and expects the conduct of individual employees and contractors to reflect this. Dishonesty of any kind will be treated as a serious matter, which may amount to gross misconduct and therefore to dismissal without notice.
Gifts and Hospitality
The acceptance of gifts and hospitality from clients/customers, suppliers and potential suppliers must not give the appearance that employees, contractors or the Company may be unduly influenced in the decisions that they make in respect of clients/customers, suppliers or in any other aspect of their work.
All gifts and hospitality given or received, of whatever value, must be entered in the Register kept by the management team.
No personal gifts of a value in excess of £25 should be accepted from a client/customer, supplier or potential supplier without express permission from your line manager.
Acceptance of hospitality, such as lunch or drinks receptions, should be kept within common sense limits and should always be authorised by your manager. Offers of hospitality must always be authorised by your manager.
You may also be instructed to return any gifts which your manager considers to be inappropriate, or to refuse to accept hospitality from a particular supplier or potential supplier. Failing to obey such an instruction will be treated as misconduct.
Allowing gifts or hospitality to influence any purchasing/business decisions that you may make on behalf of the Company or to otherwise influence the way in which you perform your duties is an act of gross misconduct which will usually result in dismissal.
It is also an act of gross misconduct to seek to influence any other person to behave in an improper way or to confer a business advantage on you or the Company through the giving of any gift or hospitality.
About Xenomorph Software Limited
Xenomorph Software Limited is registered in England and Wales.
Registered number: 03235432.
Registered Office: Cannon Place, 78 Cannon Street, London, England, EC4N 6AF.
About Xenomorph Xenomorph provides trusted data management solutions to many of the world’s leading financial institutions.
With more than two decades’ experience managing large volumes of complex data and analytics we can quickly configure a solution for your requirements.
Xenomorph London 4th Floor
10 Lloyd’s Avenue
London EC3N 3AJ
UK
+44 (0)20 7614 8600
info@xenomorph.com
map
Xenomorph New York 1441 Broadway, Fl 6
New York
NY 10018
USA
+1-212-401-7894
info@xenomorph.com
map
© Xenomorph Software Ltd 2020
- Privacy policy | Anti-Bribery Policy
Scroll to top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. If you continue to use the site we will assume your consent. ACCEPTRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.