https://www.noritake-elec.com/about/privacy-policy
HOME>About>Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was last updated on July 27, 2020.
We, Noritake Co., Inc., are a subsidiary of Noritake Co., LIMITED, Japan. Therefore, as part of Noritake Group, we follow Noritake Co., LIMITED policies.
The Noritake Group privacy policy is described on our corporate headquarters website below.
URL: https://www.noritake.co.jp/eng/utility/privacy_policy/
Additional Privacy Information For California Users
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Please make sure you also consult our general privacy policy above for complete information.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that Noritake disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that Noritake delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the deletion of the information may likely render impossible or seriously impair the objectives of the research, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Emailing us via “without signing in” contact form
Calling our Customer service department at 888-779-5846;
Sending a letter to us at: Noritake Customer Service, 2635 Clearbrook Drive, Arlington Heights, IL. 60005 USA
If you have Noritake-elec.com account and want to delete personal information by closing the account, sign-in to your account and go to the user account setting page and open the “Sign-in Info” tab to find and use the “Close your account” section. You may also email us via “Contact From” on your account page.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request
No Sale of Personal Information
Noritake does not sell your personal information.
Non Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
X. Other California Privacy Rights
As referenced in this Privacy Policy, we may from time to time elect to share certain information about you collected by us on the Service with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents who have supplied personal information, as defined in the statute, to us to, under certain circumstances, request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email us via “without signing in” contact form.
If you have any questions about this policy or would like to delete your Noritake account and its associated data, contact us online or via mail to:
Noritake Co., Inc.
ATTN: Privacy Policy
2635 Clearbrook Drive
Arlington Heights, IL 60005
Phone: +1-847-439-9020 or +1-800-779-5846
Interested?
-- Inquiry Type? --
General Inquiry
Request a quote
Request a live demo
Talk to Sales Engineer
Where do you live?
-- Country --
USA - Alabama
USA - Alaska
USA - Arizona
USA - Arkansas
USA - California
USA - Colorado
USA - Connecticut
USA - Delaware
USA - District Of Columbia
USA - Florida
USA - Georgia
USA - Hawaii
USA - Idaho
USA - Illinois
USA - Indiana
USA - Iowa
USA - Kansas
USA - Kentucky
USA - Louisiana
USA - Maine
USA - Maryland
USA - Massachusetts
USA - Michigan
USA - Minnesota
USA - Mississippi
USA - Missouri
USA - Montana
USA - Nebraska
USA - Nevada
USA - New Hampshire
USA - New Jersey
USA - New Mexico
USA - New York
USA - North Carolina
USA - North Dakota
USA - Ohio
USA - Oklahoma
USA - Oregon
USA - Pennsylvania
USA - Rhode Island
USA - South Carolina
USA - South Dakota
USA - Tennessee
USA - Texas
USA - Utah
USA - Vermont
USA - Virginia
USA - Washington
USA - West Virginia
USA - Wisconsin
USA - Wyoming
USA - American Samoa
USA - Guam
USA - Northern Mariana Islands
USA - Puerto Rico
USA - United States Minor Outlying Islands
USA - Virgin Islands
USA - Armed Forces Americas
USA - Armed Forces Pacific
USA - Armed Forces Others
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Next
* Indicates a required field
- from
Enter your address for an accurate quote.
Please enter your shipping address for catalog and promotional material.
To determine your local sales engineer, please enter your address.
We will be in touch to book your live Noritake product demo.
Inquiry / Message*
I agree to the Noritake terms of use and privacy policy and be contacted by a sales representative.*
I agree to receive product updates and special offers.
Contact Us
This website uses cookies. Cookies help to provide you with the best web functionality and us with better web analytics. To do that, cookies may send your usage and content preference information to us. But, we do not disclose any of this info to any third party websites or organizations, we manage it under our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. By continuing to browse our website, you agree to both our privacy policy and terms of use.
Okay, I understand. Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled