http://www.clifbar.com/privacy-statement
Clif Bar & Company: Privacy Statement
Last Modified: July 1, 2020
Thank you for enjoying Clif Bar products and services! Clif Bar & Company (“Clif Bar”) understands how important privacy is to you as a user or purchaser of our products and services (“User”).
This Privacy Statement describes how we collect, use, and share personal data that we collect from our Users through, without limitation, our websites, including Clifbar.com (the “Sites”) and mobile applications (the “Apps”) that link to this Privacy Statement. Users include purchasers of products on clifbar.com; subscribers to our mailing lists; and any email, text or other electronic communications that we send to you (collectively, together with the Apps and Sites, our “Services”). This Privacy Statement does not apply to websites, applications, or services that are not operated by us or do not display or link to this Privacy Statement.
We collect and process personal data about you with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests.
Users in Non-US Jurisdictions: This website is designed for Users in the United States. We have separate websites localized for residents of the EEA with privacy notices that address local requirements, which you can access here. Clif Bar is headquartered in California and our collection, storage, and use of your information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. If you are located in the European Union, Canada, or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information you send us or that we collect will be processed in the United States.
California Users: If you are a resident of the State of California, there are certain sections of this Privacy Statement that apply only to you and your personal information.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
Information You Actively Provide to Clif Bar. The categories of personal data we may have collected directly from Users in the last 12 months as a result of Users’ registration, accessing various content or features, submitting content, directly contacting us with questions or feedback, or accessing other features of our Services include the following:
Identifiers and contact information, such as username and password, name, address including country, telephone number, or e-mail addressPersonal profile information such as pictures, communication preferencesPayment and commercial information such as credit or debit card numbers, search queries, purchasing history and Clif Bar product reviews Content and files such as comments and other information posted through interactive online features, correspondence you send to us, and information collected offline, such as if you contact Customer Service other than via the Services
Information You Provide in Public Areas on Clif Bar Sites. Users have the opportunity to browse, find, follow, tag, message, comment or otherwise participate in public areas of our Services. By choosing to participate in these public areas of our Sites, please be aware that any information submitted through these areas is not private and your information, including personal data, associated with Clif Bar or your other linked third-party accounts may be displayed to the public.
Please use caution in disclosing personal data in these public areas.
Information We Automatically Collect. When you use our Services, some information is automatically collected. For example, when you visit our Sites and use our Apps your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, device ID (or other online identifiers), access times, browser type and language, and network activity information, including the website you visited before our websites may be logged automatically. We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Services, like pages you visit and links you click. Depending on your device and app settings, we collect geolocation data when you use our Apps or Sites.
Third Party Sources of Information. We may also obtain certain information described above from third parties. These third-party sources include, for example:
Data brokers. Data brokers and aggregators from which we obtain data to supplement the data we collect.Third party partners. Third party applications and services, including social networks you choose to connect with or interact with through our services.Service providers. Third parties that collect or provide data in connection with work they do on our behalf, for example companies that determine your device’s location based on its IP address.Publicly available sources. Public sources of information such as open government databases.
Cookies and Similar Technologies:
Tracking Technologies. We may use cookies and similar technologies like tags, pixels, web beacons, and local storage (“Tracking Technologies”) to collect information about how you use our Sites and to provide additional features to you. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Services or in our emails. We use Web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon. We may also record and use log file information or device identifiers reported from your mobile devices or from your browser when you use our Services. We use all of these technologies, for example, to help us recognize your browser, to save and remember any preferences that may have been set, to help us customize our Sites for your use, to provide customized content to you, and to help measure and research the effectiveness of our Sites, interactive online content, features, and other communications. We are trying to provide a customized experience and Clif Bar does not currently respond to "Do Not Track" signals or similar mechanisms in browsers.
Analytics information: We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends of our Services, to generally enhance our Services, and to personalize your experience with us. These tools may use cookies and similar technologies and collect information sent by your device, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, IP addresses and device information, metadata, and other information that assists us in improving our Services. In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative offers information about some of the Internet advertising companies we may use, including how to opt out of interest-based advertising they deliver. To opt out of Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Advertising: We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party. To do this, we and our third-party service providers, such as Google and Facebook, use Tracking Technologies to automatically collect and store the information described above, including information about your online activities over time and across different websites, devices, online services, and applications when you use our Services. Some third parties help us and others associate your activities across the browsers and devices you use, or that your household uses, for retargeting, cross-device advertising, analytics, and measurement purposes. We and our third-party service providers use this and other information about you to try to understand your use of the service and your interests and show you relevant advertising about products and services that may interest you.
The third-party analytics and advertising providers we use on our Sites include:
Company/ServicePurpose(s)Privacy NoticesManage Settings (opt-out)Google Tag ManagerAnalyticswww.google.com/policies/privacy/partnershttps://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sitesGoogle AnalyticsAnalyticshttps://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-siteshttps://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutGoogle AdWords ConversionAdvertisinghttps://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-siteshttps://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sitesDoubleClick FloodlightAdvertisinghttps://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-siteshttps://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sitesFacebook ConnectAdvertisinghttps://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanationSee association links below.Facebook Custom AudienceAdvertisinghttps://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanationhttps://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=adsSee association links below.PowerReviewsAdvertisinghttps://www.powerreviews.com/privacy-policy/https://www.powerreviews.com/ad-and-cookie-policy/AddThisAnalyticshttps://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.htmlhttps://datacloudoptout.oracle.com/#optout
See association links below.Krux Digital (Audience Studio)Advertisinghttps://www.salesforce.com/products/marketing-cloud/sfmc/audience-studio-privacy/?mc=DMPhttps://www.salesforce.com/products/marketing-cloud/sfmc/audience-studio-consumer-choice/
See association links below.iGoDigitalAdvertisinghttps://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=mc_es_how_a_subscriber_opts_out.htm&type=5OptimizelyAnalyticshttps://www.optimizely.com/privacy/https://www.optimizely.com/legal/cookie-policy/HotjarAnalyticshttps://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out/New RelicAnalyticshttps://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacySee association links below.Bing AdsAdvertisinghttps://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement/https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/TradeDeskAdvertisinghttps://www.thetradedesk.com/general/privacyhttps://www.adsrvr.org/
See association links below.Pinterest Conversion TraceAdvertisinghttps://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policyhttps://www.pinterest.com/settings/privacyFullStoryAnalyticshttps://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy/https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
To learn about their privacy practices and how to opt-out from their use of cookie data for targeted advertising purposes, click on the links above. Many of these companies are also members of associations that provide a simple way to opt out of analytics and ad targeting, which you can access at:•	United States: NAI (http://optout.networkadvertising.org) and DAA (http://optout.aboutads.info/) •	Canada: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (https://youradchoices.ca/) •	Europe: European Digital Advertising Alliance (http://www.youronlinechoices.com/)
California “Do Not Sell My Info”The California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) requires us to disclose categories of personal data sold to third parties and how to opt-out of future sales. The CCPA defines personal information to include online identifiers, including IP address, cookies IDs, and mobile IDs. The law also defines a “sale” to include simply making data available to third parties in some cases. We let advertising and analytics providers collect IP addresses, cookie IDs, mobile IDs through our sites and apps when you use our online services, but do not “sell” any other types of personal information.
If you do not wish for us or our partners to “sell” your personal data to third parties for advertising purposes, you can make your Do Not Sell Request by visiting the opt-out links described above in “Analytics and Advertising.”
Note that although we will not “sell” your personal data after you click those links, we will continue to share some personal information with our partners (acting as our service providers) to help us perform advertising-related functions such as, but not limited to, measuring the effectiveness of our ads, managing how many times you may see an ad, reporting on the performance of our ads, ensuring services are working correctly and securely, providing aggregate statistics and analytics, improving when and where you may see ads, and/or reducing ad fraud. Further, clicking the link will not necessarily opt you out of the use of previously sold personal information or stop all interest-based advertising. If you access this site (or app) from other devices or browsers, visit the links above from those devices or browsers to ensure your choice applies to the data collected when you use those devices or browsers.
Other information related to your right to opt-out from sales of personal data is contained in the California Privacy Rights section of this statement.
•	Use of an App: When you download and use an App, we and our service providers may track and collect App usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device identifiers. Our Apps may also request permission to access the camera, microphone, and geolocation data on your mobile device to enable the features you request to use and enable.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
We use personal data about you for purposes such as to:
Fulfill your requests for products, services and information
Enable you to participate in interactive features on our Services
Provide personalized content and information to you, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing based on our understanding of you and your preferences
To administer your participation when you register for a Clif Bar produced or sponsored events or third-party sporting events, participate in a survey or poll, enter a contest or sweepstakes, or participate by other means through our Services
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer services
Send you Service-related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages
Provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Services
Develop and test new products, services, and features for our Services
Monitor Service metrics, such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns
Diagnose or fix technology problems
Otherwise support the internal operations of the company and our Services
Communicate with you about new contests, promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and our partners
Protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activityFor any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or with your consent
3. DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION.
Clif Bar may share personal data with third parties as follows:
With your consent or when you intentionally interact with third parties on our Site. For example, if you have signed up for World Pantry emails through our former web store, we may have shared your email address with World Pantry, Worldpantry.com Inc., 790 Tennessee Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, which may use your information for their own purposes as described in their Privacy Policy available at: https://www.worldpantry.com/privacy.htmlAuthorized third-party service providers. We use service providers to help us run our business and perform various functions related to the Services. Service providers process your personal data only on our behalf subject to confidentiality agreements and do not further disclose or sell your information. For example, Shopify Inc. provides our current web store services on our behalf and they may collect personal data from you as our service provider. We may also share your information with a third party who is not a service provider and who is not acting on our behalf, and from whom we do not receive compensation, such as our auditing firm.Third Party Advertising and Analytics Companies. We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party to automatically collect and store the information described in our Cookies and Other Technologies Section above.Business transfers. We may share your information in connection with or during negotiation of a substantial business transaction, such as the sale, merger, financing, acquisition, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, dissolution transaction, or other transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.Legal purposes. We may disclose your information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims, debt collections, or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, property, safety, and security of Clif Bar, our Users, or the public.
Categories of information shared with third parties. The categories of information that we may share with Third Party Advertising and Analytics Companies is described in our Cookies and Other Technologies Section above. The categories of information that we may share with other third parties described above for a business or commercial purposes, or have shared during the preceding twelve (12) months, includes all of the categories of personal data described in “Information We Collect” above.
4. THIRD PARTY SERVICES, CONTENT AND LINKS.
We may display or provide links and widgets to other sites and resources. These links and widgets are for your convenience only and are not under our control. Clif Bar is not responsible for those other sites and resources or their privacy practices. You should review these third-party sites for their policies and practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as their policies may differ substantially from ours.
5. ACCESS, REMOVAL, AND OPTIONS FOR MARKETING AND CONTACT PREFERENCES.
Where applicable and practical, we will provide Users with opt-in and opt-out choices for subscribing or unsubscribing from our communications. You may (a) stop the receipt of a particular promotional email by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in any promotional or notification emails we send you, or (b) send requests about your contact preferences or about opting out of certain further disclosures of your personal information to third parties or by contacting us at: Clif Bar and Company, 1451 66th Street, Emeryville, CA 94608-1004 or by e-mailing us at privacy@clifbar.com. It may take up to six (6) weeks to modify your preferences.
For our Apps, you may change your mobile device settings to control the permissions our Apps may have to access features and data on your device such as geolocation data, camera, and microphone. California Residents:
Under California law, if you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), you have certain rights with respect to that information. To exercise your options as described below, you may contact us in one of two ways: by telephone at 1-800-CLIFBAR (1-800-254-3227) or by submitting a request to
privacy@clifbar.com (collectively, (Communication Methods”). To effectively exercise your privacy options, you must use one of these Communication Methods.
This list describes the types of requests you may make to us regarding information we have collected from you:
Request to Know: You may ask us to furnish you with (i) the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which we collect information about you; (iii) the business or commercial purposes for collecting information about you; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we share (or have shared in the prior 12 months) personal information about you, (v) for such third parties with whom we have disclosed personal information for a business purpose, the categories of personal information we have sold about you for such business purposes and (vi) for such third parties to whom we “sell” personal information, the categories of personal information sold about you. Note that we have provided much of this information in this privacy statement.Request to Delete: You may ask us to delete any personal information about you that we have collected from you and to direct our service providers to delete your personal information from their records. After verifying your request, we will comply as further described below, subject to certain exceptions.Self Service: If you are a registered user of one of our websites or applications, you may make changes to certain information, such as your contact information, by logging into your account on that website or application and navigating to your account or your profile within that website or application to update or correct your information directly in each website or application. Please note that not all of the information we have collected about you is available through your account or profile within our websites or applications.Opt-Out of Sale: You have a right to opt-out from future “sales” personal information. Note that the CCPA defines “sell” and “personal information” very broadly, and some of our data sharing described in this privacy statement may be considered a “sale” under those definitions. In particular, we let advertising and analytics providers collect IP addresses, cookie IDs, and mobile IDs through our sites and apps when you use our online services, but do not “sell” any other types of personal information. To opt out from such “sales,” please follow the instructions in the “Do Not Sell My Info” disclosures in the Cookies and Other Technologies section of this statement. We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate your request within 45 days; however, we may notify you during the initial 45-day period that we will extend the timeframe by up to 45 additional days, if an extension is reasonably necessary in order to fulfill your request. We will fulfill the same request from you up to two times in any twelve-month period, but we are not able to fulfill redundant requests more frequently than that.
We will not discriminate against you because you have made a request described in this Privacy Statement or otherwise exercised your rights under applicable law. We may offer financial incentives or offer you a different price, level, or quality of goods or services in connection with programs that require you to disclose certain personal information, but only if you opt in to such an incentive program. If you opt in to any such incentive program, you may revoke your consent to share your personal information at any time, as described in the terms and conditions of those programs.
In addition, California law permits customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for the third parties’ own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us using one of the Communication Methods described in this Privacy Statement, describing your request specifically.
Identity Verification
To prevent fraud and other harmful activities, we may take reasonable measures to verify the identity of the person submitting any of the above requests (other than a request to Opt-Out of Sale). Initially, we will ask you to provide identifying information when you submit a request through a Communication Method. Providing accurate information that matches our records will help us identify the correct information. In the second step of verification, we may ask you to submit evidence proving your identity, which could include government issued IDs, signed statements, etc. The evidence we may request from you, and the degree of certainty we will be required to reach regarding your identity and the authenticity of your request, will depend upon the nature of your request, the nature of the information we have about you, and your ability to furnish information. If we ask you to verify your identity, you must promptly cooperate with our efforts so that we can fulfill your request. If you do not comply, your request cannot be fulfilled; and if you delay in complying, the fulfillment of your request is likely to be delayed as a result. Any additional information collected from you for verification will be deleted once the purpose for the verification has been satisfied.
Authorized Agents
If you submit a consumer privacy request on behalf of another person, you will be required to demonstrate your legal authority to act on behalf of that person, and we may contact you for verification purposes. For the protection of our customers, you must furnish all information requested and must demonstrate your authority to our satisfaction before we can fulfill your request.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take reasonable and appropriate steps to help protect personal data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware, though, that despite our efforts, no measures to safeguard data are perfect, and we cannot guarantee complete security.
To help us protect personal data if you set up an account with us, we request that you use a strong password and never share your password with anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts.
7.. PRIVACY STATEMENT MODIFICATIONS.
From time to time Clif Bar may modify or amend this Privacy Statement in order to comply with new laws or regulations or to reflect future changes in our business practices. If we make any changes to this Privacy Statement, we will change the "Last Modified" date above or provide such notice about or obtain consent to changes as may be required by applicable law.
Prior versions of our Privacy Statement may be found here.
Still Have Questions?
If you have any questions, concerns, or would like to lodge a complaint regarding our Privacy Statement or otherwise about our privacy practices, please contact us at privacy@clifbar.com.