http://www.ey.com/en_us/covid-19/what-do-you-need-to-help-you-build-a-more-resilient-supply-chain
Skip to the content
EY Homepage
Search
Close search
See all results in Search Page
No results have been found
Recent searches
(container)
See all results for
Topics
General
People
Trending
How a quality audit enhances trust
10 Oct 2019
Assurance
Why the potential end of cash is about more than money
7 Jan 2020
Banking and capital markets
As data personalizes medtech, how will you serve tomorrow’s consumer?
22 Sep 2020
AI
Who we are
What we do
What we think
Work with us
Our locations
COVID-19
Select your location
Change
No search results have been found
Local sites
Connect with us
My EY log in
Welcome to EY United States (EN)
You are visiting EY United States (EN)
Welcome to EY United States (EN)
You are visiting EY United States (EN)
What do you need to help you build a more resilient supply chain? What do you need to help you build a more resilient supply chain?
Glenn Steinberg
By
Glenn Steinberg
EY Global and EY Americas Supply Chain Leader
Helping companies transform, create value and optimize business performance. Thirsty for knowledge. Ski enthusiast. Husband and father of two Michigan Wolverines.
4 minute read
27 May 2020
Related topics
COVID-19
Supply chain
Link copied
Upvote
Show resources
Is certainty the missing link in your supply chain? (pdf)
Download
928 KB
COVID-19 has revealed major weaknesses in traditional supply chains. Is it time for a new model, focused on resilience and fueled by data?
This article is part of a series about COVID-19 enterprise resilience.
Traditionally, supply chains have been tuned for cost and speed. This approach works when there are few interruptions in the system. However, COVID-19 and the accompanying global lockdowns have seriously disrupted supply chains across the globe. Companies must elevate supply chain resilience to survive.
Adapting operations
One of the key challenges for supply chain leaders during this crisis has been the erratic demand for goods. For example, demand for clothing has slipped, while demand for cleaning supplies has surged.
With traditional modeling less useful to predict such unusual spikes and slumps, businesses must quickly learn how to discern new demand signals and forecast accordingly to avoid overstocks and stockouts. Visibility across the supply chain is critical to making decisions around how to restart lines, prioritize products and manage relationships with suppliers. Companies tend to focus on their own operations, and potentially risks with tier one suppliers. This is no longer enough.
The ongoing volatility of supply, demand and financial markets also makes it even more important to optimize the cost performance of supply chains, which typically represent about 70% of a company’s costs. The challenge will be embedding new capabilities that enable flexibility while keeping an eye on cost efficiency. Three actions can help:
1. Improve your supply chain planning function to better forecast supply and demand
Erratic demand signals are likely to persist for some time. Adapting forecasts will require companies to develop a newly integrated digital planning capability that includes strategic, tactical and operational planning horizons. Forecasting should also consider input from a wide range of internal sources, including the C-suite, as well as those in sourcing, planning and fulfillment, and external sources such as suppliers and customers.
Companies will also need to carefully monitor market and economic indicators as well as other external data sources, such as financial and commodity indexes and government databases. Social media feeds can offer rich “ahead-of-the-curve” insights into the demand picture.
Of course, companies will need to have trust in the data they use for this planning. Ensuring internal data is always accurate and up-to-date may require extra attention to data management and investment in new technology, such as digital twins, sensors and control towers.
Related article
COVID-19 impact
6%
of companies are very confident in their systems and capabilities for end-to-end supply chain visibility, including cross-border trade. (Source: EY.com webcast poll, “Responding to COVID-19: What’s next for supply chains,” April 2020.)
2. Collaborate with internal stakeholders, suppliers and customers for better visibility
COVID-19 and other significant disruptions have revealed the interconnectedness of supply chains – one decision can affect many others. Companies will need to invest in trade analytics and supply chain intelligence tools to improve visibility from end to end.
Control towers that leverage Artificial Intelligence (AI) and machine learning can help drive collaboration across the supply chain by identifying potential disruptions early, and allowing for supply chain resources to come together to respond. A digital twin, or virtual model of the physical supply chain, makes use of connected data streams from connected devices to help supply chain leaders make real-time decisions and design what-if scenarios.
3. Improve your data foundation to drive sustainable cost reduction
Cost reduction will remain a priority in a low-growth environment, and it’s important for companies to target those areas that will yield the biggest benefits. Data and analytics are essential for understanding baselines in operational performance, conducting simulations, and collaborating across the business and with third-party partners. Data can be used to drill into areas of cost takeout opportunity. Building out an analytics function, with a foundation of trusted data, is core to enabling these capabilities.
Building resilience
Enterprises are relatively used to dealing with disruption, but most were unprepared for the sheer size and scale inflicted by COVID-19. Global lockdowns have altered demand in ways no one could have predicted, disrupted supply networks and created economic hardship not seen for generations. Most supply chain leaders have been taught to strive for visibility with tier one suppliers, but issues could be further down the chain. Traditional global supply chain structures are not equipped to effectively cope with these increasing disruptions.
Even as the world begins to move towards planning for recovery, uncertainty is likely to remain part of life for the foreseeable future. Building supply chains able to withstand this volatility is critical. Three actions can help:
1. Transition your supply chain to a networked ecosystem
Think beyond your four walls to how you can better collaborate and innovate with your suppliers. The next-gen supply chain model is a networked ecosystem – suppliers, partners, manufacturers, distributors and retailers will all have access to relevant cloud-based data to make the best decisions based on real-time signals.
2. Build out your supply chain visibility to predict situations and respond quickly
Based on an improved supply chain resilience strategy, invest in key supply chain capabilities, such as:
Visibility and monitoring
Adoption of alternative bill of materials or different ways to make a product
Alternative supplier sourcing strategies
Embedded network flexibility – either through owning inhouse or outsourcing manufacturing capabilities
Standardized planning processes in shared service centers to flex where work is performed
Technologies such as AI/analytics, control towers and digital twins
Systems to identify environmental risks and supplier sustainability compliance
3. Develop an agile crisis management framework to mitigate future risks and disruptions
COVID-19 has shown us that crises seldom unfold in a predictable manner. Developing an agile crisis management framework for major events will allow companies to respond quickly to disruption where traditional and predefined plans are inadequate. To be effective, these frameworks should include governance procedures, a desired operating model and standard ways of working.
As supply chain leaders help their organizations transition into the next phase of this pandemic, they’ll need to think beyond its immediate implications and plan for wider transformation, with resilience in mind. Key decisions will need to be made around whether supply chains should be optimized for cost, speed, agility, variety, or innovation. These decisions will have implications including tax, trade, technology adoption, and talent. To reframe their future, supply chain leaders must learn to thrive in the midst of disruption.
How EY can help
Supply chain and operations
Based on your overarching strategy, we’ll help redefine your end-to-end supply chain and operations to support your enterprise objectives.
Read more
Lead through the COVID-19 crisis
We have a clear view of the critical questions and new answers required for effective business continuity and resilience.
Explore
Respond faster. Recover stronger. Reframe your future.
EY has a global network to lead you through COVID-19 and beyond. Let us help you transition your supply chain to a networked ecosystem fit for an uncertain future.
Contact
Summary
Supply chains are feeling the strain of disruption due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Optimized for cost-effectiveness, the shortcomings of the lean and linear just-in-time models have been brought into full focus. Though speed and cost will always be important, the supply chain of the future will be focused on risks, resiliency and reinvention.
About this article
Glenn Steinberg
By
Glenn Steinberg
EY Global and EY Americas Supply Chain Leader
Helping companies transform, create value and optimize business performance. Thirsty for knowledge. Ski enthusiast. Husband and father of two Michigan Wolverines.
Related topics
COVID-19
Supply chain
Link copied
Upvote
Read more
Read more
Connect with us
Our locations
Careers
Webcasts
My EY
Site map
California: Privacy | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Legal and privacy
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients.
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
EY | Assurance | Consulting | Strategy and Transactions | Tax
About EY
EY is a global leader in assurance, consulting, strategy and transactions, and tax services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to all of our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for our communities.
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com.
© 2020 EYGM Limited. All Rights Reserved.
EYG/OC/FEA no.
ED MMYY
This material has been prepared for general informational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as accounting, tax, or other professional advice. Please refer to your advisors for specific advice.
Welcome to EY.com
In addition to cookies that are strictly necessary to operate this website, we use the following types of cookies to improve your experience and our services: Functional cookies to enhance your experience (e.g. remember settings), Performance cookies to measure the website's performance and improve your experience, Advertising/Targeting cookies, which are set by third parties with whom we execute advertising campaigns and allow us to provide you with advertisements relevant to you,  Social media cookies, which allow you to share the content on this website on social media like Facebook and Twitter.
You may withdraw your consent to cookies at any time once you have entered the website through a link in the privacy policy, which you can find at the bottom of each page on the website.
Review our cookie policy for more information.
Customize cookies
I decline optional cookies
I accept all cookies