http://www.pewtergraphics.com/pages/pewter-graphics-website-privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Home
About Us
Our Story
FAQ's
Learn
Shop
Shop All
NEW
Apparel
Shop All
Jackets
Polos
T-Shirts
Sweaters
Bags
Car Accessories
Kid's Corner
Drinkware
Gifts & Office
Headwear
Keychains
Sports & Outdoors
Seasonal
Get a Quote
Account
Home
›
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
PEWTER GRAPHICS' WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
This statement discloses the privacy practices and policies for Pewter Graphic’s website. If you have any questions about these practices and policies, please contact us at:
Pewter Graphics – Privacy Officer1211 Quadra St, Victoria, BC Canada V8W 2K6Toll free : 1 866-275-5588
Email : receptionist@pewtergraphics.com
PEWTER GRAPHICS respects your personal privacy. We believe ensuring the security of your personal information is an important part of our job. If we ask you to provide any personal information, we will tell you the purposes for which we intend to use that information. Your personal information is not sold to anyone for any purpose.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE
Information gathered on Pewter Graphics.ca falls under the following categories:
Aggregate Site Use Information
Cookies and Other Technologies
Social Networking
Third party Analytics or Ad Serving Services
Online Order Information and Security
PEWTER GRAPHICS Membership Information
Subscriptions
AGGREGATE SITE USE INFORMATION
We record information about the pages viewed by all of our website visitors. This data includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, connection speed, read time, display time, and number of clicks.
We use this data, in aggregate form, to compile statistics and reports for PEWTER GRAPHICS’s use, and to improve the online experience for all visitors.
We may, on occasion, provide portions of this aggregate information to vendors, consultants, potential advertisers, or news agencies. Typical uses of the data in this fashion would be to gauge the amount of interest in our site and/or to plan for site infrastructure improvements.
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
A cookie is a small text file stored on a user’s hard drive. Cookies are required to shop on our site. We also use cookies to assist with anonymous site traffic analysis, which includes tracking the time/date of visits, pages viewed, and referring URLs.
We may use cookies to serve our remarketing campaigns so that third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, show our ads on sites across the Internet. You can opt out of the third parties’ use of cookies by visiting their advertising preferences settings.
We may also use web beacons or pixel tags to compile tracking information reports regarding website user demographics, website traffic patterns, and website purchases. None of the tracking information in these reports can be connected to the identities or other personal information of individual users. For our own research purposes we may link tracking information with personal information voluntarily provided by website users. Once such a link is made, all of the linked information is treated as personal information and will be used and disclosed only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
SOCIAL NETWORKING
When you use certain aspects of PEWTER GRAPHICS’s website or other services, or you post information to other social networking sites (e.g. posting a link to PEWTER GRAPHICS’s Facebook or Twitter pages, or “liking” a product on your Facebook account, or “pinning” a product on your Pinterest account), the personal information that you post or share in connection with these third-party sites is visible to other persons and can be read, collected, used and disclosed by other persons. Any information provided to such third-party social networking sites and other sites is outside of PEWTER GRAPHICS’s control and is not governed by this policy.
THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS OR AD SERVING SERVICES
PEWTER GRAPHICS may use certain third-party analytics and/or ad serving services. The providers of these services may independently collect, use, and disclose your IP address together with information about your visits to this and other websites that they service in accordance with their own privacy policies (and not this privacy policy). These services may use their own cookies and other data collection technologies. They may use this information in order to improve your experience, to gain a view of how people are using websites that they service so that improvements can be made, and as otherwise permitted in their privacy policies.
PEWTER GRAPHICS may also use targeted advertising service providers to tailor PEWTER GRAPHICS advertisements to your preferences. These advertisements may appear on PEWTER GRAPHICS’s website or social media sites, or on third party sites. If you have opted in to receive email news or offers, PEWTER GRAPHICS may use your email address to target advertising to you. You may opt out of participating in these targeted ad programs by unsubscribing from PEWTER GRAPHICS email newsletters within your Pewter Graphics.ca account subscription hub.
ONLINE ORDER INFORMATION AND SECURITY
If you place an order online, we only require the information needed to complete the processing of your orders and billing. We also share our users’ personal information with outside shipping companies and credit card processing companies in order to bill and ship your order, but we do not provide any more information than necessary for these purposes. We may also use the information to contact you regarding your order.
OUR SITE SECURITY
We use appropriate security safeguards to protect your personal information against loss, theft, and unauthorized access. Any personal information you provide to PEWTER GRAPHICS in connection with a product order is exchanged on a secure server. We use one of today’s most advanced security systems, the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, to encrypt, or encode, information you send to us in the order process. The encryption process protects information, such as your credit card number, and billing and shipping information by scrambling it before it is sent from your computer. Only once we receive your information is it decoded, and we make all reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our own systems.
WARNING:
E-mail is not a secure means to send personal information, as it is not encrypted. We strongly encourage you to use our secure ordering process when ordering online.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We may transfer your personal information across provincial or national borders to fulfill any of the purposes in this policy or in the PEWTER GRAPHICS Privacy Code, including to service providers located outside of Canada who may be subject to applicable disclosure laws in those jurisdictions.
OPTING OUT
If you wish to have any of your personal information removed from our databases, or if you no longer want us to send any further communications to you, please send an e-mail to Membership Services at receptionist@PewterGraphics.ca.
Please note, however, that as a co-operative we are required by law to maintain certain information about our customers, as noted above in Information, Collection, Use & Disclosure, which we are required by law to maintain even after a member has terminated his or her membership.
EMAIL SUBSCRIPTION
PEWTER GRAPHICS newsletters are sent only to users who opt in. Our subscriber database is never sold, rented or loaned to any other parties. Subscribers wishing to update their contact information, or opt out of receiving emails, can use our online subscriber services at www.Pewter Graphics.ca/unsubscribe.
From time to time, PEWTER GRAPHICS may send you safety notices or recalls related to products you have purchased.
FRAUD PREVENTION
PEWTER GRAPHICS reserves the right to co-operate with local, national, or international law enforcement or other authorities in the investigation of improper or unlawful activities and this may require the disclosure of personal information. If such an investigation requires disclosure of personal information kept in our records, we may be required by law to cooperate. We also reserve the right to report improper or unlawful user activities on our site, which may require the disclosure of personal information relating to those individuals conducting such improper or unlawful activities. There may also be other circumstances under which PEWTER GRAPHICS is required by law to disclose personal information.
PURPOSES
In addition to the above purposes, PEWTER GRAPHICS collects individual’s personal information for the following reasons:
To provide retail services and process member purchases;
To understand the product and service needs of our customers and prospective customers;
To develop and manage products and services to meet the needs of our customers;
To contact individuals directly for products and services that may be of interest;
To determine the eligibility of our customers for share ownership;
To meet regulatory requirements;
To ensure a high standard of service to our customers;
To verify a member’s identity.
Member Purchases: When customers purchase an item through our website we only request the information needed to complete the processing of orders and billing.
We may share our customers’ personal information with outside shipping companies and credit card processing companies in order to bill and ship orders, but we do not provide any more information than necessary for these purposes.
We may also use the information to contact customers regarding orders or to provide customers with future information about our products and services.
We use information on purchases to compile statistics and reports for PEWTER GRAPHICS’s use.
We analyse aggregated information to understand our membership and their needs.
LINKS
This web site contains links to other sites and advertisements. This privacy statement only applies to information collected by our web site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of these third parties.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
We strive to ensure that any personal information we retain and use is as accurate, complete and up-to-date as necessary for the purposes for which we will use it. We do not routinely update personal information unless necessary for these purposes. Nonetheless, if our records regarding your personal information are inaccurate or incomplete, we will amend that information at your request.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
PEWTER GRAPHICS may update this privacy policy in the future. We will notify you about material changes to this privacy policy by placing a prominent notice on our website. As well, a history of those changes will be noted here, beginning with changes published after January 1, 2005.
Any changes in our use of personal information contrary to Customers’ initial consent will be posted, in advance, on our website with instructions regarding consent to any changes. Notices may also be posted in our stores and sent by email. All changes will remain in compliance with federal and provincial privacy legislation.
Featured Products
1/4 Zip Everyday Fleece
Regular price
$29.95 CAD
View
3D Hexagon Knit Jersey Cap
Regular price
$21.75 CAD
View
5 Panel Snapback
Regular price
$16.30 CAD
View
6 Panel Flat Brim Snapback
Regular price
$16.30 CAD
View
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh