http://www.londonpumps.co.uk/privacy/
Setting the pace in the pumping industry
Leading manufacturer of bespoke pumping systems
Search
Freephone:
0800 331 7310
Home » Privacy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give when you use this website.
We, PumpServ (formally known as London Pumps Ltd) are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 24th May 2018.
The personal data we collect
• Your first name, surname and occasionally your title
• Your company name
• Your email address or addresses
• Your preferred telephone number or numbers
• Your job title
The combination of any of these pieces of information are what is considered personal data. The data is stored on line and only shared with PumpServ staff, our web and marketing associates/partners.
Lawful Basis
Our lawful basis for processing your personal data is: Contract
As a general rule, we process your personal data to fulfil our contractual obligations to you. Obtaining and processing your information is a vital part of professionally producing quotes, processing orders, planning and co-ordinating commissioning, repair works or routine maintenance and providing you with a fully comprehensive after-sales service which may include warranties, remedial repairs or following up with communications relating to customer satisfaction or product and Company updates as we evolve the Pumpserv brand. Even if a contract is yet to be put in place in the form of an order, we still require your information to be able to provide you with the relevant information you have asked us for. On occasion we may gather data from individuals we have no relationship with, for example at trade events. In these circumstances, if you supply us with your contact details and include an email address we will ask for your consent to retain and process your data.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
• To send quotes upon request, process your order and arrange delivery, to co-ordinate with other trades or Companies in our supply chain should they be required to fulfil an order.
• To follow up on your quote request or order.
• To send you company or product updates and information in the form of email Newsletters
• To ask for your feedback
What we do NOT do with the information we gather
We do not share your personal data with any marketing Companies or anybody outside of PumpServ with the exception of those cases where the personal data is required to complete or fulfil a contract or order.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
How we use cookies
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. No personal data is gathered. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may certainly contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal data
As an individual, you have the right to access the personal data we hold and for confirmation that your data is being processed alongside the information outlined above. To request a copy of your personal data please email enquiries@pumpserv.co.uk with a request and we will respond with one calendar month with a comprehensive breakdown of all of the personal data we hold on your in a clear concise format.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.