http://www.phoenix-mecano.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policy
Toggle navigation
english
Home
Products
Enclosure technology
Product catalogue – enclosures
General enclosure accessories
Systems engineering
Cable glands
Membrane keypads / HMI
Mechanical components
Drives for Bedding Sector
Lifting columns for Medical & Care Sector
Lifting columns for Office Sector
Drives for Seating Sector
Industries
Electric cylinders for industrial applications
Lifting columns for industrial applications
Linear units
Aluminium profiles
Aluminium cable channel
Safety guard
Work tables
Tube connectors
Stairs / working platforms
Monitor mounting
Services
Machining
Engraving
Printing / Lacquering
EMC Coatings
Surface Treatment
Prototype Construction
Assembly
System solutions
Fast Delivery
Examples of usage
Enclosure technology
Mechanical components
News
Fairs / Events
New products
Product finder
Droplet guard
Monitor floor stand
Linear unit EPX-KG
Controller MultiControl II
Sit more comfortably
RK Easywork workstations
Height adjustable support arms
Archive 2018
Archive 2017
Archive 2016
About Us
The Phoenix Mecano Group
Careers
Download
Catalogues
Catalogues BOPLA
Catalogues ROSE
Catalogues RK Rose+Krieger
Catalogues DewertOkin
Certificates
Certificates BOPLA
Certificates ROSE
Certificates RK Rose+Krieger
Certificates DewertOkin
Contact
Contact form
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Slavery & Human Trafficking Statement
Privacy & Cookie Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
What Information Do We Collect?We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information: (a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation. (b) information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services. (c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with our services. (d) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters. (e) information that you provide to contact us via our website, using the contact forms or Live Support (chat) feature.
CookiesA cookie consists of a piece of text sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: www.google.com/privacypolicy.html and you can opt-out here: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutMost browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of this website. We recommend visiting AboutCookies.org which shows how to control cookies in your particular browser.
Using Your Personal InformationPersonal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website. We may use your personal information to: (a) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website; (b) enable your use of the services available on the website; (c) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested; (d) send to you our newsletter (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications).
DisclosuresWe may disclose information about you to any of our employees and/or divisions within Phoenix Mecano as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy. In addition, we may disclose your personal information: (a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law; (b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; (c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk); (d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and (e) to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information. Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
International Data TransfersInformation that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy. You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
Security of Your Personal InformationWe will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall- protected) servers. All electronic transactions you make to or receive from us will be encrypted using SSL technology. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to the website). Payment is processed via PayPal, and we will therefore never ask you for your card details.
Policy AmendmentsWe may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
Your RightsYou may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to: (a) any requests that are manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly repetitive may incur a reasonable fee, and (b) the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity. We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law. You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Third Party WebsitesThe website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Updating InformationPlease let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
ContactIf you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please contact us online or by post to Finance Director, Phoenix Mecano Ltd, 26 Faraday Road, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, HP19 8RY.
Data ControllerThe data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is Finance Director, Phoenix Mecano Ltd, 26 Faraday Road, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, HP19 8RY.
Oops, an error occurred! Code: 20201210123149bc70551a
OUR BRANDS
Enclosure technology
Aluminium enclosures
Plastic enclosures
19“-enclosures
Display enclosures
Touch / display enclosures
Hand-held enclosures
Terminal enclosures
Console / desktop enclosures
Control-panel mounting enclosures
DIN rail enclosures
Profile enclosures
Wall-mounted enclosures
Electronic enclosures
Ex enclosures
Ex Control Stations
Suspention arm system
Control enclosures
Mechanical components
Drives for Bedding Sector
Lifting columns for Medical & Care Sector
Lifting columns for Office Sector
Drives for Seating Sector
Lifting columns for industrial applications
Electric cylinders / linear cylinders
Linear units / Linear actuators
Aluminium profiles
Aluminium cable channel
Safety guard
Work tables
Tube connectors (alu/platic/stainless steel)
Monitor mounting
Support arms / swivel arms for monitor mountings
Stairs / working platforms
Services
Machining
Engraving
Printing / Lacquering
EMC Coatings
Surface Treatment
Prototype Construction
Assembly
System solutions
Fast Delivery Times
Phoenix Mecano Ltd
26 Faraday Road Aylesbury HP19 8RY Buckinghamshire
Telephone: +44(0)1296 611660
Fax: +44(0)1296 486296
© 2020 Phoenix Mecano Ltd.Privacy & Cookie Policy · Slavery & Human Trafficking Statement
Contact