http://www.securitybase.com/privacy-policy
GET MORE FOR LESSSubscribe to the SecurityBase newsletter to receive timely updates from your favorite products.
Go
Don't show this popup again
Request Call For Price
Note: Please include as much details and relevant options about the item to help us match your request with an accurate price.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
When you visit SecurityBase.com, we collect certain information to enhance your online experience. To help ensure an enjoyable online experience for all of our visitors, we provide this summary of what information SecurityBase.com collects online, and how SecurityBase.com uses that information.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the information collected online by SecurityBase.com.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
General Browsing: General Browsing: SecurityBase.com gathers navigational information about where visitors go on our Web site and information about the technical efficiencies of our Web site and services (i.e. time to connect to our Web site, time to download pages, etc.). This information allows us to see which areas of SecurityBase.com are most visited and helps us better understand our customers’ experiences at our site. This helps us improve the quality of your online experiences by recognizing and delivering more of the preferred features, areas and services. In the process of gathering navigational information non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected which will provide information regarding a visitor’s use of our Web site (such as the time of a visitor’s last visit to a page on our site).
Collection of Personal Information: Securitybase.com may ask you to provide personal information when you establish or update an SecurityBase.com account, enter a contest, participate in a survey, quiz or poll, shop online, check the status of an order or review order history, purchase and send a gift card. You may also provide information online at SecurityBase.com to set up a profile and job agent if you are interested in a career with SecurityBase, Inc.
Categories of information collected include name, address (shipping and billing), email address, recipient’s name and e-mail address, order information, order number, telephone number, credit card information, gender, wish lists and demographic information if you participate in surveys.  If you are interested in a career with SecurityBase, Inc. the information you submit at SecurityBase.com will include name, e-mail address, postal address, phone and, if you have one, your resume, plus the type of position you are seeking.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT?
SecurityBase.com uses the personal information we collect from you for the following purposes:
to deliver products that you have ordered, fulfill requests that you have created, and process your return or exchange.
to understand your needs and preferences, possibly through surveys, product evaluations or cookies.
to develop, market and sell products and services to you and to tailor your experience on the our website to your interests and to send you information about special offers, media events, new products and much more.
to contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order or delivery difficulties.
to manage and develop our business and operations, administer accounts, collect and process payments.
to respond to your inquiries.
to deliver information through the various communication channels you have provided to us about our products or website, including adding you to our email list or to our customer phone and mail marketing list when you register for an account or make a purchase.
if you e-mail a wish list to a friend, we will not collect, retain or review the names or e-mail addresses of the recipient of your wish list.
if you indicate when taking a quiz, poll or survey that you would like to be considered for participation in future SecurityBase marketing research, we will associate your answers with your e-mail registration information and use this combined information to contact you for future SecurityBase marketing research.
we will use the information you provide in a career profile, including in your resume, to assist in your goal of becoming an associate with SecurityBase, Inc. and, if hired, we will use the information submitted for employment and business-related purposes.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES?
We may use third parties to help us provide services to you, such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring site activity, conducting surveys, processing gift card orders, maintaining our database and administering e-mails, drawings or sweepstakes or contests that we sponsor. If personally identifiable information (i.e. name, address, e-mail address, telephone number) is provided to any of these third party service providers, we will require that such information be maintained by them in confidence, unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy or otherwise required by Official Rules for sweepstakes.
If you no longer want to receive email from SecurityBase.com, you can follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of the next e-mail you receive from SecurityBase.com. Please be aware, even if you elect not to receive e-mail, or subsequently ask to be removed from receiving email from SecurityBase.com, you may still receive e- mail confirmations for online purchases and you may receive e-mails sent by a friend using E-mail a Friend.
SecurityBase makes names and addresses in its direct mailing list available to other companies. If you no longer wish to receive our direct mailings or have your name and address shared with other companies (other than third parties who provide services to SecurityBase.com) please call us at 1-800-616-0213.
The information you provide when you make a purchase at SecurityBase.com (for example, name, address, credit card) will be added to a database. We will never share your name and mailing address with other companies. For questions about this, please call us at 1-800-616-0213.
When you send an E-mail a Friend from SecurityBase.com, we will send your selected recipient your e-mail address, message, and your selected outfit or item(s). We may include an opportunity for the recipient to sign up to receive promotional materials from SecurityBase.com. We may occasionally participate in sweepstakes with other companies with a link to a Web site hosted by the other company. If you elect to participate in the sweepstakes by going to the linked Web site, you may be providing personal information, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number and gender directly to the company that is hosting the sweepstakes Web site. However, some, if not all, of the personal information that you provide on the sweepstakes Web site may be provided to us by the company hosting the sweepstakes.
You should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or to enforce or apply our Site Use Terms and Conditions or it is necessary to protect the users of our Web site, the site or the public.
In the event SecurityBase sells or transfers a particular portion of its business assets, consumer information may be one of the business assets transferred as part of the transaction. If substantially all of the assets of SecurityBase are acquired, consumer information may be transferred as part of the acquisition.
In addition, we may participate with certain unrelated companies who will link you to our website from their website that you have visited, which may include recognition of purchases from our website. SecurityBase.com may share personally identifiable information we collect from you with the company linking to our website. SecurityBase.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of the companies providing these links and we encourage you to review the privacy policy of each of these companies should you visit their websites.
WHAT SHOULD VISITORS FROM OUTSIDE THE U.S. KNOW?
If you are visiting SecurityBase.com from a location outside of the U.S., your connection will be through and to servers located in the U.S., and your orders placed through SecurityBase.com will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the U.S.All information you receive from SecurityBase.com will be created on servers located in the U.S.and all information you provide will be maintained in our Web server and internal systems located within the U.S and used as indicated in this privacy policy.
HOW DO WE USE COOKIES?
1. What are cookies?
SecurityBase.com uses a browser feature known as a cookie, which assigns a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are typically stored on your computer’s hard drive and are used by SecurityBase.com to help track clicks and pass information as you go through the pages within the SecurityBase.com Web site.  Cookies also help us keep track of how many items you put into your shopping bag and to remember you when you return to our web site. We may also use a cookie and/or a technology known as clear gifs or web bugs which are typically stored in e-mails to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to, our e-mails and provide you a more personalized experience. Cookies can allow us to associate navigational information from browsing visits with personal information you provide at our site.
2. Do we share information from cookies with third parties?
We may share non-transactional behavioral data collected through the use of cookies after Jaunary 28, 2010 with other businesses.
3. How do third parties use cookies on our site?
We select third-party advertising companies and allow them to collect non-personally identifiable information by placing cookies when you choose to visit them and when you visit SecurityBase.com. These selected companies may use information (not including your name, address, credit card information, email address, or telephone number) about your choice to visit and your visits to our site and other websites to provide advertisements about our products and services on this and other websites. These selected companies also provide this information to us which we use to gauge the effectiveness of the advertisements they place about our products and services and for marketing purposes. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about no longer having information from these third-party cookies used by these companies or provided to us, click here.
We have also selected companies that will assist us in better understanding your use of our site.  These companies will place cookies on your computer upon a visit to our site to collect information on our behalf and may also make use of web bugs. These companies may use both third-party and first-party cookies. Blocking cookies served from third-party domains will not block the first-party cookies. The information these companies collect educates us on such things as search engine referral, how you navigate around our site, traffic driven by banner ads, responses to email, unique visitor identification, and product browsing and purchasing information, and allows us to better serve your interests and provide you with more personalized product offerings. SecurityBase.com does not allow these companies to collect credit card, username or password information.  The information collected on our behalf is analyzed and returned to SecurityBase.com. Other than possibly allowing use of collected data on an aggregate basis, the companies providing these services are required to maintain all information collected and the analysis of this information in confidence. As a visitor to SecurityBase.com, you have the option to deactivate the ability of these companies to analyze your browsing and purchasing behavior on our site. You may also choose to continue to benefit from the improved shopping experience which this analysis allows us to provide to you. Since this opt-out relies on cookies, if you delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. To learn more about the various levels of privacy and confidentiality you can select with respect to these companies and to exercise your choice.
HOW CAN YOU UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you need to update your name, mailing address or e-mail address, just go to your account that you have created by using your password and revise the information in the account.
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN ON OUR WEBSITE
To ensure compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, SecurityBase.com does not knowingly maintain information provided by children under the age of 13.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
For your convenience, our Web site may contain links to other Web sites. Some of these Web sites may request or require you to provide personal information. SecurityBase.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites and you should review their privacy policies prior to providing any personal information. Links that appear on SecurityBase.com should not be deemed in all cases to imply that SecurityBase.com endorses or has any affiliation with the linked Web sites.
HOW WILL YOU KNOW WHEN WE UPDATE OUR PRIVACY POLICY?
As we continue to offer our visitors new and different types of content and services, SecurityBase.com may modify our information collection and use practices. Should there be a material change to our information collection and use practices, it will be applied only to information collected on a going forward basis, and we will update this privacy policy statement.
WHERE SHOULD YOU DIRECT YOUR QUESTIONS?
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us here.
SECURITY STATEMENT
SecurityBase.com takes the following types of security measures: use of technologies and policies such as limited access data-centers, firewall technology, and secure socket layer certificate authentication.
We designed SecurityBase.com to accept orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. SSL is encryption technology that provides security while information is being transmitted over the Internet.
While we implement the above security measures on this Web site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible on the Internet.
This privacy policy effective June 14, 2016