http://www.hhcgroup.com/terms-of-use/
New User?
Register now
Log in
Maximizing Savings On Medical Claims
Home
About Us
Company Overview
The HHC Difference
Executive Team
Partners and PPO Networks
Careers
FAQs
News
Press Releases
Blog Posts & Articles
The HHC Newsletter
Medicare Data
Services
Claims Negotiation and Repricing
Medical Bill Review
Claims Editing
Line-Item Bill Review
Claims Auditing
DRG Validation
Medicare Reference-Based Pricing
Specialty Drug Cost Management
Workers' Compensation Services
Independent Medical Reviews and Evaluations
Independent Medical Reviews
Independent Medical Examinations
Functional Capacity Evaluations
Consumers
PPO/Three Stars Providers
Success Stories
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Website Terms of Use
Information in Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group website is not intended to replace information from your healthcare provider. Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group does not provide medical treatment or make diagnoses. Always ask your healthcare provider any medical questions you may have. Please read these terms and conditions of use carefully before using this site. Your use of Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group is subject to certain terms and conditions. Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group may change these terms at any time. If you do not agree to these terms of use, you may not use the site.
1. Use of Materials
on Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group material is for your personal monitoring and education. You may download to one computer or print one copy of material from Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group. You may not remove or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices. You may not reproduce anything you see or read on the Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group Web site. This includes images, photographs, illustrations, icons, texts, video clips, written and other materials. If you fail to follow these terms, your permission to use Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group material will automatically end. If that happens, you must immediately destroy any personal copies of Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group materials. In addition, use of Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group material without our express permission is against copyright laws, trademark laws, laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
2. Respect for Others
We have the right to decide whether any particular use of Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group by our visitors undermines the purpose of Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group. We regard the items listed below as guidelines for behavior when using Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group. You must agree to these guidelines.
Respect the privacy and views of others
Do not use Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group to promote any specific goods or services;
Do not post obscene, defamatory, harmful, or knowingly false information; and
Do not use Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group for unlawful purposes.
3. Disclaimer
Use of the Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group Web site is at your own risk. Your submissions will be handled by Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group as described by the privacy policy. Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group does not guarantee that Web site material is always accurate, error-free, truthful or reliable. Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group does not guarantee that the functional aspects of the Web site will be error free. We also cannot guarantee that Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group or the server that makes it available is free of viruses or other harmful components. If your use of Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group or Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group material results in the need for servicing or replacing property, material, equipment or data, Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group is not responsible for those costs. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the web site is provided to you "as is" and "as available" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group and its suppliers make no warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group material, software text, graphics, and links, or about results to be obtained from using the web site.
4. Limitation of Liability
Neither Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the web site shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, resulting from your access to, or use of, or inability to use the web site and Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group material whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including but not limited to negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group is advised of the possibility of such damage. Because some states and countries do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.
5. Links
Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group provides links to other sites that we believe can offer useful information or services. However, including any link does not imply endorsement by Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group. Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group is not responsible for the privacy policies of or any actions of any third parties that control activities of such third-party sites. You will need to contact parties that control these sites for information about how they collect and maintain data.
6. Limitation on Scope Unless
Otherwise stated, Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group information and materials are presented only to promote products and services of Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Groupand companies with whom we have signed agreements. We make no representation that Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group material is appropriate or available for other uses. If you use Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group from other Web site locations, you do so at your own risk. You are also responsible for abiding by local laws, since access to Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group material may not be legal everywhere. Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group products are available in many parts of the world. However, Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group may describe products that are not available worldwide.
7. Termination
Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group may end your use of the Web site if we believe that you have violated the letter or spirit of this Agreement. We may also end your use of the Web site if we believe you have violated the rights of Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group or any third party. We may end your use of the Web site for any reason with or without notice to you. We may also change or remove Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group, with or without notice to you and without any penalty. Ending the Web site or your use of the Web site does not terminate your agreement.
8. General Provisions
If any portion of these terms is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be construed in accordance with applicable law to the greatest extent possible and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect. These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of California without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. Any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to, or use of, the Web site or Roffé Enterprises, Inc., t/a H.H.C. Group's material will be instituted in a federal court in the State of Maryland.
ADDITIONAL SERVICES
Medical Bill Review
Medicare Reference-Based Pricing
Independent Medical Reviews and Evaluations
HHC Group has earned accreditation by URAC
(the Utilization Review Accreditation Commission) to provide internal
and external Independent Peer Reviews of medical claim grievances.
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Intellectual Property
Company Overview
Executive Team
Partners/PPO Networks
Careers
FAQs
Press Release
Blog Posts & Articles
HHC Newsletter
Medicare Data
Claims Negotiation and Repricing
Medical Bill Review
Medicare Reference-Based Pricing
Independent Medical Reviews/Evaluations
Consumers
PPO/Three Stars Providers
Success Stories
Contact Us
Register Now
Login
Subscribe to Newsletter
© 2020 HHC Group. All Rights Reserved.
Maximizing Savings On Medical Claims
Log In To Your Account
Forgot User ID or Password?
New User? REGISTER NOW
© 2020 HHC Group. All Rights Reserved.