https://www.limoanywhere.com/privacy
Our Privacy Policy
Posted Date: January 13,2020
Effective Date: January 13, 2020
At Limo Anywhere, LLC (“Limo Anywhere,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), we place the highest importance on respecting and protecting the privacy of our customers. Our most important asset is our relationship with you. We want you to feel comfortable and confident when using our website, online reservation management system, financial applications, mobile applications, services and products, for example by subscription or by means of a Limo Anywhere-branded web site (collectively referred to as the “products and services”). Therefore, we would like to share with you the following principles that govern our information practices and other privacy aspects of our products and services. Throughout this policy, we refer to information that personally identifies you as “personal information.” As used in this Privacy Policy, the terms “you”, “your” or “user” all refer to the person using our products and services in any way.
This Privacy Policy applies to our products and services and governs data collection and usage. By visiting, accessing, purchasing our products and services, you agree that you have reviewed and understood our Privacy Policy to your full satisfaction, that you agree that you are subject to this Privacy Policy and that we are permitted to collect information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
What personal data do we collect?
The Limo Anywhere websites are where you can learn more about Limo Anywhere products and services and how to become a user, sign up for more information about our products and services, or access your account if you are a user. We collect Personal Data supplied voluntarily by you in a few different ways. More specifically, in the past twelve months (from January 1st, 2019 to December 31st, 2019) we have collected—and we are still collecting—the following personal information from you:
Registration, Account Setup, Service Usage: In order to set up an account, you need to provide full name, phone number, and a valid email address. We may need to store encrypted credit card information and use it for both billing and payment purposes.
Automated Information: When you use our products and services, we may collect, store and process a unique installation identifier, IP addresses and device information (such as operating system or device model), barcode information and location coordinates. We use this data to provide our services to users and to track the use of our applications.
Analytics Information: We use data analytics to ensure site functionality and improve our products and services. We use a mobile analytics software to allow us to understand the functionality of our applications on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, what happens within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, application errors and debugging information, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information that you submit within the mobile application.
How do we process personal data?
We respect your privacy. Limo Anywhere will not process or share your personal information without your consent, except based on the following legal grounds:
it is necessary to perform the contractual obligations in our Terms & Conditions and in order to provide the Services to you;
it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims;
it is necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interests;
you have expressly made the information public;
it is necessary in the public interest;
it is necessary to protect your vital interests, or those of others.
Where we process your information without your consent, we do as follows.
Providing and improving our Services: We may use customer information as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of improving our Services for our users, understanding how our Services are being used, and exploring and unlocking ways to develop and grow our business.
Keeping our Services safe and secure: We may also use customer information for safety purposes, in order to ensure the security of our Services.
Legal and Safety: Limo Anywhere may also retain, preserve, or release your personal information to a third party in the following limited circumstances: in response to lawful requests by public authorities; to protect, establish, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to comply with a subpoena, court order, legal process, or other legal requirement; or when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, threats to our property, or violations of Limo Anywhere’s Terms & Conditions.
Third parties: It is also necessary for Limo Anywhere to share your information with certain companies that control us, are controlled by us, or under common control with us, as well as with third-party service providers, in order to operate and provide the services. These third parties have only limited access to your information, may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are obligated to Limo Anywhere not to disclose or use your information for other purposes.
Business Reorganization: In some cases, Limo Anywhere may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions (such as a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, or transfer of all or substantially all of Limo Anywhere’s assets), member information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. If Limo Anywhere intends to transfer information about you, Limo Anywhere will notify you by email or by putting a prominent notice on the website, and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt out before information about you becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Rights to your personal data.
We know that members of our community value having control over their own information, so Limo Anywhere gives you the choice of providing or editing certain information, as well as choices about how we contact you. You may also request that your account be deactivated. If your account is deactivated, your information will no longer be visible but Limo Anywhere must maintain your information in order to comply with legal obligations.
You also have the following additional rights with respect to your information:
Disclosure (Data access and portability): Access to and portability of your data are available by logging into your Limo Anywhere account. You can also call the following toll free number: 888-888-0302.
Data correction and/or editing: password can be easily changed by logging into your Limo Anywhere account. Name, legal company name, and billing details can be changed by calling us at 888-888-0302.
Deletion: You may request that your data be deleted—as allowed by the applicable regulation—by contacting our Customer Support Center or calling the following toll free number: 888-888-0302.
Withdrawal of consent or objection to processing: You can object to data processing in certain limited circumstances by contacting our   or calling the following toll free number: 888-888-0302. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
Where you have consented to our use of your data for direct marketing purposes, you can always withdraw your consent, using the unsubscribe link in such communications or changing your marketing preference settings.
Personal and payment information are required to provide our services. Limo Anywhere cannot offer or fulfill the services without processing this information.
Limo Anywhere strives to meet its customers’ inquiries. If you have a concern about your service or the processing of your information, please contact customer service support@limoanywhere.com
Right not to be subject to a decision based only on automated processing: Much of Limo Anywhere’s processing is automated in order to protect the security of your information and bring you high quality services. If you would like to speak to a Limo Anywhere agent, please contact customer support 888-888-0302 (toll free).
Decisions based on automated processing cannot be avoided when they are necessary to perform our services or authorized by EU law.
Complaint filing: If you have any questions or concerns, we encourage you to contact to us as indicated in the “You Can Contact Us” section below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes.
If you have used our services in the EU, you have the right to file a complaint against Limo Anywhere with the European Data Protection Supervisor (“EDPS”), regarding personal data processed specifically for those services. The EDPS’s contact details are: Office of the European Data Protection Supervisor, Rue Wiertz 60, B-1047 Brussels, Belgium, email: edps@edps.europa.eu.
You may also file a complaint with your EU Member State’s data protection authority.
You may review and edit limited Personal Data after logging in to your Account. If you need to update your billing information, please contact us. If you do not have an Account or if you have questions about your Account information or other Personal Data, please contact us.
If you are a Limo Anywhere user in the European Union, you also benefit from certain rights granted by applicable law but subject to limitations therein. These rights include the right of access, rectification, restriction, opposition, erasure and portability, and the right not to be subjected to automated decision-making. If you want to exercise those rights or find out more, please contact us.
Cookies.
Our products and services may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you register with our website or subscribe for a Service, a cookie helps us to recall your information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Service, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use our features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. If a web browser automatically accepts cookies, you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our products and services.
We may also use other technologies with similar functionality to cookies, such as web beacons and tracking URLs. We may also use web beacons and tracking URLs in emails to determine whether a recipient opened the email or accessed a certain link.
Retention.
Limo Anywhere will retain your information only for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy, for as long as your account is active (i.e., for the lifetime of your Limo Anywhere member account), as described in this policy, or as needed to provide the Services to you. If you no longer want Limo Anywhere to use your information to provide the Services to you, you may close your account. Limo Anywhere will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in this policy. In addition, Limo Anywhere’s service providers may also be required to retain and use your information in order to comply with their legal obligations.
Security.
We work to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration by using industry-recognized security safeguards. We use both internal and external resources to review our security procedures. Our employees are trained and required to safeguard your information. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards, and by using or accessing our web site(s) or products and services you assume this risk.
It is important that you protect against unauthorized access to your account and information by choosing your password carefully and by keeping your password and computer secure, such as by signing out after using the Services.
Limo Anywhere follows the industry best practices to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received. Some of these standards are:
Encryption of certain information (such as credit card numbers) using secure socket layer technology (SSL);
Protection of the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of all customer information systems;
Definition and monitoring of IT security standards aligned with industry regulations;
Implementation of vulnerability management techniques according to which we scan and map our network, prioritize areas of importance and apply fixes and safeguards;
Application of safeguard firewalls and anti-virus tools to detect/prevent attacks;
Continuous monitoring for security risks and maintenance of patch updated infrastructure;
Polices encompassing data security;
Security awareness trainings to our personnel.
With specific regard to credit card information, we comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”) by (but not limited to) designing, implementing, and maintaining a coherent set of standards and procedures to manage risks to cardholder data – in an effort to ensure an acceptable level of Information Security risk – and by conducting yearly PCI DSS audits.
Keep in mind that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We cannot enforce or control the security of the computers, mobile phones, electronic devices, or electronic communication method that a user may utilize to send e-mails and submit information to us over the Internet. Users are responsible for ensuring that the computers, mobile phones, electronic devices and electronic communication methods that users utilize will provide adequate security for communicating with us. We are not responsible for the disclosure or interception of your information before we receive it.
Children under thirteen.
Because of the nature of our business, our products and services are not designed to appeal to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly request or receive any information from children.
Phone calls.
Phone calls to/from are automatically recorded and stored for a minimum of 3 months by our phone service provider. Any discussions regarding payment details or other sensitive data are not recorded or stored.
Links to other websites.
Other companies or organizations may have links to their websites on our products and services. We are not responsible for how these other companies or organizations collect, use, disclose, or secure the information that you provide them. If you choose to access a third party website linked from our website(s), you do so at your own risk and subject to any terms of service or privacy policy (if any) associated with such third party website. Users may find advertising or other content on our website(s) or within our products and services that link to the websites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on those websites. In addition, those websites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. Those websites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies, or no policy (policies) at all. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party websites or services before providing any of them with your personal information.
Do not track policy.
Our products and services are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers.
Messages from Limo Anywhere.
On occasion, Limo Anywhere may need to contact you. These communications are service-related and necessary for members. You agree that Limo Anywhere can send you service-related communications, such as those related to transactions, your account, or security.
When you register for an account, you can agree to receive marketing communications from us. You can unsubscribe at any time from marketing communications through the opt-out link included in the marketing communications or through your account settings. We give you choice and control.
You can contact us.
If you have privacy-related questions that are not addressed here, please contact us at info@limoanywhere.com, call 888-888-0302 (toll free), or write us at:
Privacy Team
Limo Anywhere, LLC.
1341 W Mockingbird Ln Suite 750W
Dallas, TX 75247
You can find all our contact information also at https://www.limoanywhere.com/contact-us-limo-anywhere.
Changes.
We will change this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our privacy practices for our Products and Services. The revised Privacy Policy will be effective as of the published Effective Date.
If we believe we are making a material change to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you in advance by posting notice of the change on the Privacy Policy page on our website before the change becomes effective. We also may notify you of the change using email or other means. We encourage you to check back regularly and review any updates.
« Terms of Service
Application Programming Interface (API) License Agreement »
Recent Blogs
Name Your Price
November 30, 2020
More November 2020 System Updates
November 24, 2020
Credit Card Numbers on the Payment Screen
November 18, 2020
Tweets by limoanywhere Join Us On Facebook
Legal & MoreLegal Disclaimer
Terms of Service
Our Privacy Policy
API License Agreement
Integrations
Memberships and Groups
Testimonials
Recent Posts
Name Your Price
November 30, 2020
More November 2020 System Updates
November 24, 2020
Credit Card Numbers on the Payment Screen
November 18, 2020
About Us Founded in 2004, Limo Anywhere is the preeminent software solution in ground transportation. In almost 15 years, with the help of the best set of customers, employees, Learn More…