https://www.pumpeng.co.uk/pump-engineering-the-home-of-csf-blagdon-and-many-more/privacy/
Call us +44 (0)1903 730900 or email
enquiries@pumpeng.co.uk
Search
Your basket
(0)
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Pump Engineering Limited – Privacy Policy
This notice explains why we collect your personal data from our website and how we use it and what your rights are under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Who we are
Pump Engineering Limited is a Pump Manufacturer and UK Specialist / Distributor for Industrial Pump Supply, Pump Solutions and we also provide Pump Repairs and Spares Services.
You can contact our Personal Data representative at:
Pump Engineering Limited
Unit B1 Riverside Industrial Estate
Littlehampton
West Sussex
BN17 5DF
Tel: 01903 730900
The data we collect
When you visit our web site, we automatically collect some usage data. Pump Engineering Limited may use Google Analytics to improve our service, the user’s experience and to analyse how the site is performing.
In order to provide these services for its clients, the company collects the necessary personal data by means of a form submitted from the company’s web site to adequately identify and contact the client.
Our legal basis for processing the data
Personal Data: Client Name and Address
Purpose: Contact information
Legal Basis: Legitimate interests
Personal Data: Client contact phone number
Purpose: Contact information
Legal Basis: Legitimate interests
Personal Data: Employee Data
Purpose: Company administration
Legal Basis: Legal obligation
Data sharing with third parties
Data is not shared with any third parties.
Use of personal data
Pump Engineering Limited will use the personal data collected to communicate with its customers.
The rights of the data subject
Pump Engineering Limited supports the rights of the data subject as defined in the GDPR;
To be informed of what personal data we hold and why (this Privacy Notice)
To request a paper or electronic copy of the personal data we hold about you
To have inaccuracies rectified
To have your data erased (subject to exceptions defined in the GDPR)
To ask us to cease processing your personal data (which may prohibit the service)
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling (not used)
The right to object
Security of personal data
Pump Engineering Limited uses standard industry practice to protect the security of personal data under its control.
How you can make a complaint
If you are dissatisfied with any of our responses to your personal data request you can complain to:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Web: https://ico.org.uk/
Pump Engineering Limited – Cookies Policy
Cookies are small files that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit a site unless they are blocked by your browser. By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Pump Engineering uses analysis and performance cookies to track visitor statistics and site usage so that we can improve the ways our website works and its overall performance for users finding what they are looking for.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You might also want to visit www.aboutcookies.org which provides instructions on how to block cookies on all the major browsers. This site also explains how you can delete cookies that have already been stored on your computer as well as general information about cookies.
You should also be aware though that most cookies are harmless and restricting them may impact on the functionality of the websites you visit.
Document History – September 2019
Need information or support?
Contact an Engineer now!
enquiries@pumpeng.co.uk or call +44 (0)1903 730900
Home
Company
Our Mission
Our Commitment to Quality
Privacy and Cookies Policy
© 2020 Pump Engineering. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy