http://www.mcloone.com/privacy-policy
1-800-624-6641
Solutions
Products
ID Plates
Nameplates
Overlays and Labels
Fence Signage
Point of Purchase Display Components
Protective Face Shields
Services
Materials and Processes
Metal Finishes
Blog
About
Quality and Compliance
Contact Us
Careers
Resources
eBooks
ID Plates Application and Design eBook
Metal Panel Overlay and Trim Design Guide
Effective Design for Equipment Tags eBook
Premium Outdoor Metal Nameplates eBook
Impactful Metal Signage for Retail Displays eBook
Custom Metal Promotional Items eBook
Durable Fence Signage eBook
Metal Data Plates eBook
Customized Durable Safety Labels
Custom Domed Nameplates and Labels eBook
Heavy Duty Plastic Labels with Dimension through Embossing eBook
Metal Nameplates that Stand Out Embossing eBook
Shaping Up Metal Nameplates eBook
5 Building Blocks for Metal Nameplate Design
7 Ways to Increase Product Branding Impact eBook
Nameplates with Staying Power eBook
Nameplate Substrate Guide
Finish eBook
Request Quote
Request Samples
Artwork Submission
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Is Important
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their "Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people who visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter or blog, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
- To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
- To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third Party Links
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies)  or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting Out
You may opt out of any email correspondence simply by clicking on the unsubscribe link received in any email. Alternatively you can send a request via info@mcloone.com for us to remove you from our email list.
Regarding Google: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:- Users can visit our site anonymously.- Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.- Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:- On our Privacy Policy PageUsers are able to change their personal information:- By emailing us- By calling us
How does our site handle do not track signals?We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify the users via email- Within 7 business days- Within 7 business days- Within 7 business daysWe will notify the users via in site notification- Within 1 business day
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:- Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.- Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:- NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses- Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way- Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters- Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.- Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly- Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at- Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
McLoone Metal Graphics, Inc.75 Sumner StLa Crosse, Wisconsin 54603United States
info@mcloone.com
Request samples
Request a quote
Upload artwork
75 Sumner Street, La Crosse, WI 54603
1-800-624-6641  info@mcloone.com
A JSJ Business