http://www.lcu.com.au/privacy-statement.html
page top
Menu
I want to
I want to
Wanting to achieve your goals but don't know where to start? LCU is here to lend a helping hand.
Buy a home
Found your perfect home? LCU has the right loan.
Buy a car
Whether it’s your first car, dream ride, the family mover, or you’re going green, we have a loan to fit.
Open a savings account
From spare change to serious savings, we have a wide selection of savings accounts to suit everybody.
Refinance my home loan
Compare our rates and discover the many benefits of refinancing with LCU
Buy my first home
Not sure where to start? We’ll have you on your way to owning your first home in no time.
Invest in property
Looking to invest? Check out our comprehensive range of loans.
Get a personal loan
Need a personal loan? See what we have to offer.
Access my funds
With an array of options to access your money, you’ll never be left short.
Send/Receive funds from overseas
Sending or receiving money from another country is easy with LCU
Get financial advice
A little advice can go a long way. LCU can put you on the road to achieving all your financial goals.
Travel
With LCU travel cards, foreign currency exchange and more, you can holiday with confidence.
Products
Products
View our whole range of products available here.
Home Loans
A range of home loans and helpful advice to help you find the right one.
Property Investment Loans
We offer a comprehensive range of home loans to suit the smart investor
Car Loans
We can help you explore car loan options and choose the right loan for you.
Personal Loans
Access your money when you need it with our flexible and competitive Personal Loans.
Savings accounts and Term Deposits
Watch your money grow!
Travel
Everything you need to know about planning and financing your dream holiday.
Financial Planning
Our Financial Planning service helps you set financial goals and achieve them.
Rates and Fees
Keep informed about the latest rates and fees.
Access
LCU has made accessing your money simple, anywhere, any time.
Tools
Tools
Need to find out how much you can borrow? Check out LCU's wide range of calculators.
Forms
Fill out an application on the go with our online forms tailored to your device.
Calculators
Calculate loan repayments, borrowing power and your savings goals.
LCU - Banking App
Access your account anywhere
Osko
A faster, better way to pay is here.
Lost or stolen cards
Lost your card or had it stolen? We can help!
Security
We’re committed to provide members with a safe, secure banking experience.
Digital Wallet
Now you can tap & pay with your phone!
Financial Hardship
Helping members find solutions
Home Loan Key Facts Sheet
See a home loan that you like? Find all the information about it here
Your Financial Wellness
A program to help you improve your financial wellness
Open Banking
Access and control your banking data
Travel
Travel
Looking to send or receive funds from overseas? Let LCU show you how easy this can be!
Cash Passport Platinum Mastercard
A convenient and secure way to carry cash wherever you go!
Foreign Cash
Need cash in the local currency?
LCU can arrange this for you.
International Drafts
Send money overseas simply and cheaply with LCU.
Money Travel Tips
Things to think about before you go abroad!
Send money overseas - Telegraphic Transfer
Credit an overseas account with LCU telegraphic transfers.
Receive money from overseas - Inward Telegraphic Transfer
Credit an LCU account from overseas with LCU telegraphic transfers.
Let us know before you go
We're here to offer advice to make your trip easier and stress free!
About us
About us
Find out more about Laboratories Credit Union: Our past, our present and our future.
Our Story
Learn about LCU's heritage and become a part of our future.
Our Staff
Meet the team that will be greeting you on your next visit to LCU.
Our Directors
Meet the Directors of LCU.
Giving back
Details on LCU's charitable works including the Annual Scholarships, CSIRO Alumni & The AMF
Disclosure Documents
Important information about the terms and conditions, fees and charges that apply to our accounts or access facilities.
Annual Reports
Read our Annual reports
Latest blogs
Check out our blog for the latest news and other interesting articles
Newsletters
Catch up on the latest with LCU's quarterly newsletter
Contact us
Come and have a chat with us!
Feedback
We would love to hear from you, please feel free to leave a comment!
Financial Claims Scheme (FCS)
Your deposits are guaranteed
Credit Union vs Bank
Difference between a Credit Union and a Bank
Code of Practice
Customer Owned Banking Code of Practice
FAQs
Financial Claims Scheme (FCS)
Your deposits are guaranteed
LCU - Banking App
Everything you need to know to use our app.
Visa payWave FAQs
Everything you need to know about Visa payWave
Apple Pay FAQ
Everything you need to know about using Apple Pay
Savings FAQs
Everything you need to know about your savings accounts with LCU
Home Loan FAQs
Everything you need to know about getting a home loan with LCU
Car Loan FAQs
Everything you need to know about getting a car loan with LCU
Personal Loan FAQs
Everything you need to know about getting a personal loan with LCU
Regular Payments FAQs
Everything you need to know about regular payments
Internet Banking
Privacy Statement
Share ThisEmailFacebookTwitterLinkedIn
We value your trust in us as a member-owned financial institution. It is important for us to keep your information secure. As a financial institution it is also important for us to keep your information confidential. To achieve this we will comply with the Privacy Act 1988, the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) and the Credit Reporting Privacy Code.
The Privacy Act 1988 sets out how we are to collect, use, disclose and store personal, credit and credit eligibility information. The Privacy Act 1988 also requires us to have a privacy policy.
Should you have any enquiries regarding privacy please contact: privacy@lcu.com.au
Privacy NoticePrivacy Policy
LCU - Banking App
Looking for a better way to bank?
Learn more
Intro Home Loan Offer
3 years fixed | 1.99% pa fixed interest rate | 3.12% pa comparison rate
Learn more
Intro Investment Home Loan Offer
3 years fixed | 1.99% pa fixed interest rate | 3.12% pa comparison rate
Learn more
Hidden Clicker