http://www.winsmith.com/privacy-policy
Join Our Team
Contact Us
+1-716-592-9310
Privacy Policy
At HBD Industries, Inc. and our subsidiaries (“HBD”), the privacy of our customers is important to us. We are committed to protecting the personally identifiable information we gather from you on any of the HBD websites.
What Information Is Collected from You and How It is Used: When you register on some of our Sites, we may require certain personally identifiable information including name, email address, phone number, and mailing and billing addresses that can identify you as a specific individual. Also, as part of the credit approval process, you may submit financial information and permit us to contact financial and business references. All of this information helps us verify your status as a customer once you sign on, helps us confirm that we have the appropriate certification on file required for the purchase of products and services, and allows us to contact you directly when necessary regarding your purchases. We also require certain information from you on our order form, such as contact information and payment information. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with you. Other information that we request helps us to guide your experience on our Sites more appropriately, by displaying content that may be of particular interest to you. We also may ask for additional information as we continue to add new features and services to our Sites. We may keep a record of correspondence if you contact us. We may also, from time to time, send you information about our products or special offers through standard mail or email. For customer convenience, we provide links on our Sites to other sites of potential interest. However, we do not review or endorse the content of these other sites, or guarantee that they will abide by HBD’s privacy policy. Your use of such linked sites is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the providers of those sites. We encourage our users, when they leave our Sites, to read the privacy statements of each web-site that collects personally identifiable information.
What Cookies Are and How We May Use Them on Our Sites: A cookie is a small identifier text file that is stored on your computer’s hard drive and allows us to collect information about the way you navigate through our Sites. By using cookies in conjunction with the information you provide to us at registration, we are able to deliver content specially oriented toward your areas of interest. We may use cookies to track information about which pages you visit within our Sites in order to gauge the effectiveness of our content or to continue to refine the types of content that you may find interesting. We may also use cookies to manage the ordering process and keep track of items on open purchase orders while you are on our Sites. You can set your web browser to allow you to refuse our cookie, but by refusing you will not be able to access any of our Sites where you are asked to log on.
With Whom We Share Your Information: We do not share your personally identifiable information for use by companies outside of HBD except as allowed by law. We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties that perform services for us, and we may notify you of certain special offers from our business partners using the contact information you provide. We may also share your personally identifiable information as required by law, or to prevent harm to HBD or others.
Security Precautions We Take to Safeguard Information You Provide to Us: The Sites have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the personally identifiable information provided on the Site. Your account information and profile are password-protected to help restrict access to this information to you, your authorized users and us. There are some simple measures that you can take to promote the protection of your information. First, do not share your password with others. Also, please remember to ‘log off’ or ‘log out’ after using any of our online services. While we strive to protect your personal information, the Internet is not fully secure. Consequently, HBD cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. We do, however, take measures to ensure its security on our systems. Please note that use of each of the Sites is subject to Terms of Use.
By using a site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If for some reason you believe that HBD Industries, Inc. or its companies have not complied with this policy, please send an e-mail to webmaster@hbdindustries.com.
Home
Products
Winsmith
Right Angle Speed Reducers
RD Speed Reducer
Stainless Conveyor Drive
SE Encore
SE Maximizer Plus
SE Stainless Steel
SE D90 Type DE
SE D90 Type SE
C-Line
In-Line Speed Reducers
Planetary Gearing
Motion Control
C-Minimizer
S-Minimizer
S-Eliminator
Custom Gearing
Perfection Gear
Rotation Drives
AT
PT
Rotation Drives w/Bearings
SW
SD
SSD
Slewing Ring Bearings
SD
SW
Winches
WT
Applications
Support
Product Literature
Certifications & Associations
Product Configurator
Portal
About Us
Where to Buy
Winsmith Locations
Perfection Gear Locations
Contact Us
Winsmith Sales Network will assist you with your gearing needs.
Choose your State
Winsmith Sales Network will assist you with your gearing needs.
Choose your Province
Contact Us
Winsmith Customer Service
Phone: 716-592-9310
Fax: 716-592-9546
CLOSE
More