https://www.cvilaseroptics.com/privacy-statement/
Menu Shop Optical ProductsOptical MirrorsSpherical LensesCylindrical LensesMultielement LensesWaveplatesOptical WindowsBeamsplittersPolarization ComponentsUltrafast ComponentsPrismsFiltersDiscontinued ItemsMy Custom ProductsCapabilitiesOptical IntegrationMaterial CharacteristicsCoating TechnologiesEnvironmental TestingPrototyping to ProductionTechnical ResourcesUSA/CA Quote Request FormGlobal Quote Request FormCVI Laser Optics Online CatalogYour FeedbackAboutCompany ProfileContact UsFacility Locations IDEX Optical Technologies Terms and ConditionsComplianceCareers
Account
Sign In
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the personal information that you share with us. CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries does NOT sell, lease, loan, trade or rent any information obtained from this web site. Generally, you can browse through our website without giving us any information about yourself. When we do need your personal information to provide services that you request or when you choose to provide us with your personal information, this policy describes how we collect and use your personal information. What information is collected? Why does CVI Laser Optics collect this information? And why is it protected?
Statistical Information on which pages are accessed. Date and time of your visit ISP used to access our site Country, State and City of the ISP (not necessarily the city or state where you are located) By what you were referred (if you came from a search engine) The sequences of pages that you visited The page from which you left the site We collect statistical information to improve our web site, measure our advertising effectiveness, and provide better service for our existing and potential clients. If we notice that a page is not utilized or is accessed for only a short time, we know where to concentrate our efforts for improvement. We can also track how our advertising dollars are spent and minimize non-effect promotion channels.
Personal Information that you provide in your orders, catalog requests, software downloads or email. Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a work, postal or other physical address, other contact information, title, occupation, industry, other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
When you browse our website, you do so anonymously, unless you have previously indicated that you wish CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries to remember your login and password. We do not automatically collect personal information, including your email address. Like many other commercial websites, the CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries website may use a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how you use the site. Please read Cookies and Tracking Technology for more information.
CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries collects personal information when you register for a www.marketplace.idexop.com user account, when you use certain CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries' products or services, when you register to attend a seminar or participate in an online survey, when you ask to be included in an email or other mailing lists, or you submit an entry for a promotions, or when you submit your personal information to CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries for any other reason. From time to time, CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries receive personal information from business partners and vendors. CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries only use such information if it has been collected in accordance with acceptable privacy practices consistent with this Policy and applicable laws.
Access to certain www.marketplace.idexop.com web pages requires a login and a password. The use of those web pages, and the information or programs downloadable from those sites may be governed by a written agreement between your employer and CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries.
Notice
When personal information is collected, we will inform you at the point of collection the purpose for the collection. CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries will not transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described under the discussion entitled "Information Sharing and Disclosure" below.
If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we may only transfer that information, within CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries or to our third party service providers with your permission. Upon receiving your permission, we may transfer your information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
We will always give you the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving direct marketing or market research information. This means we assume you have given us your consent to collect and use your information in accordance with this Policy unless you take affirmative action to indicate that you do not consent, for instance by clicking or checking the appropriate option or box at the point of collection. In some cases, when applicable, we will provide you with the opportunity to "opt-in." This means we will require your affirmative action to indicate your consent before we use your information for purposes other than the purpose for which it was submitted.
Cookies and Tracking Technology
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Some parts of the www.marketplace.idexop.com website use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our website information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information.
Cookies overcome the stateless limitation of the Internet, allowing our server to keep track of your requests between pages. It also allows you to order products online by letting our server know which information belongs to you.If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of the website if you do so. In particular, you may be required to accept cookies in order to complete certain actions on our website.
Cookies are required to use the online purchasing feature of www.marketplace.idexop.com. For anonymous users, the cookies will expire after the session. For logged in users, cookies are used to create a more personal www.cvimellesgriot.com experience and will not have re-login when they return to our site.
Security of Information
CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries maintain www.marketplace.idexop.com to allow you to order products online. To place an order we need your address and credit card information. Due to the sensitivity of this information, we are using 128-bit Secure Socket Layer technology that is considered the standard for e-commerce on the Internet. The information that you provide is stored on an isolated server providing additional protection against unauthorized access. We will keep your information (address, phone, email) to facilitate communications with our customers.
How We Use Information Collected
CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries uses information for several general purposes: to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, to personalize your experience on our website, to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you would like to hear about either from us or from our business partners and to better understand your needs and provide you with better services. We may also use your information to send you or to have our business partners send you, direct marketing information or contact you for market research.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Because CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries is a global company, your personal information may be shared with other CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries offices or subsidiaries around the world. All such entities are governed by this Privacy Policy or are bound by the appropriate confidentiality and data transfer agreements.
Your personal information is never shared outside CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries without your permission, except under conditions explained below. Inside CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries, data is stored in controlled servers with limited access. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.
CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries may send your personal information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances: when we have your consent to share the information; we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries to provide a product or service to you (we will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose); or we want to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you'd like to hear about either from us or from our business partners (unless you have opted out of these types of communications). We will also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, to enforce our Terms of Use, or in urgent circumstances.
Your Ability to Review and Update Your Account and Information
If you are a registered www.marketplace.idexop.com user, review and edit your profile information by accessing https://www.marketplace.idexop.com/Login.aspx. You may also request deletion of your CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries account or any of your personal information held by us by sending an email to IOPMarketplace@idexcorp.com
Information Sharing and Disclosure
CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries may send your personal information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances: when we have your consent to share the information; we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of CVI Laser Optics to provide a product or service to you (we will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose); or we want to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, special offers or other information we think you'd like to hear about either from us or from our business partners (unless you have opted out of these types of communications).
Third Party Sites
CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries' websites contain links to other sites. CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries do not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
CVI Laser Optics and its subsidiaries will amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will make that information available by posting a notice on this site.
Questions or Suggestions
If you have questions or concerns about our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, please email us at iopmarketplace@idexcorp.com.
This document was last updated on December 11, 2013