http://www.thefinishpro.com/store/help.php?section=privacy
(0)
"The Best Paint Booth Made in America"
Search:
Advanced search
Compliant Paint Booths > Help zone
Paint Booths
Automotive Paint Booths
Furniture Paint Booths
Industrial Paint Booths
Large Equipment Booths
Powder Booths
Truck Paint Booths
Wood Finishing Booths
Booth Products
Accessories
Control Panels
Exhaust Duct Kits
Filters
Mixing Rooms
Spray Equipment
Spray Guns
Spray Accessories
Spray Outfits
Help
FAQ's
Shipping Information
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Request Info
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Compliant Paint Booths website (CPB) recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information we may collect from our on-line visitors. To this end, we are committed to using our best efforts to respect the privacy of our on-line visitors. It is our intent to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information received from and about you with your reasonable expectations of privacy. The following is the way we handle information learned about you from your visit to our website.
COLLECTIVE DATA:
The Compliant Paint Booths website collects cookies. (Definition of Cookies)
As you navigate through most websites, certain non-personally identifiable information may be collected automatically. Examples of this non-personally identifiable information include the name of your internet service provider, the website that you used to link to CPB, the websites that you visit from CPB and your IP-Address. This data could possibly lead to your identification; however it is not collected or used for this purpose. The data is used for statistical purposes, but the individual user remains anonymous.
How will CPB use the personally identifiable information we collect?
We collect this information to better understand your needs and ways in which we can improve our services. We recognize that by providing us with personally-identifiable information you are demonstrating your trust in our company and our brands and we take that trust very seriously. We maintain this information in a secure database that we use to analyze consumer needs. To further understand key issues, we may contact you for additional information.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer and improve our Site.  Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and except as otherwise stated, we may use your information to customize the Site to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), for our marketing and research purposes, and for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
If you provide personally identifiable information to the CPB website, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection.
We may disclose your personally identifiable information to other CPB affiliates that agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
CPB uses registration forms and order forms for customers to order products or for requesting information. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (i.e.: credit card and bank account numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Financial information that is provided by visitors is used to bill the user for products and services.
Your Right to Cancel
You may cancel your authorization for use of your personal data at any time with regard to future use. If you wish to cancel your authorization for use of your personal data, contact us at .
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect your personally identifiable information as you transmit your information from your computer to our Site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, email sent to or from CPB may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Moreover, where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this Site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.
Your Consent
By using the CPB website or clicking on our advertisements or promotions, you consent to the collection and use of non-personally identifiable information by CPB. Any change to our privacy policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of the information collected and its intended use.
Changes
Any changes to this privacy policy will be communicated promptly on this page. Our online surveys ask visitors for financial information (like their account or credit card numbers) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). Financial information that is collected from our users is used to check the users' qualifications. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our Site.  We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at the CPB website, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Choice/Opt-Out
CPB provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
CPB gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive special offers by e-mail.
1. You can send email to
with "OPT OUT" in the subject line.
The Compliant Paint Booths website (CPB) recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information we may collect from our on-line visitors. To this end, we are committed to using our best efforts to respect the privacy of our on-line visitors. It is our intent to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information received from and about you with your reasonable expectations of privacy. The following is the way we handle information learned about you from your visit to our website.
Compliant Paint Booths is a national paint booth supplier specializing in automotive spray booths, including industrial, truck, furniture and wood finishing spray booths. Finish Pro also offers paint booth accessories such as paint booth filters, spray booth filters, intake filters, exhaust filters, exhust duct kits, paint and spray booth light fixtures and more. Our personnel have over 12 years experience in the paint booth and spray booth industry and are backed by a combined 100 years of factory experience. Our automotive paint booths are supplied with all the necessary hardware to meet the applicable requirements set by OSHA and NFPA for paint booth construction. What sets us apart from our competitors is our superior craftsmanship, vast experience, fanatical customer service and affordable pricing. Call us today at 800 609-6408.
Spray Booths |
Paint Booths |
Paint Spray Booths |
Automotive Paint Booth |
Crossdraft Spray Booth |
Truck Spray Booth
Semi Downdraft Spray Booth |
Side Downdraft Spray Booth |
Industrial Spray Booth |
Furniture Spray Booth |
Air Makeup Units
Paint Mixing Rooms |
Spray Booth Filters |
Duct Kits |
Accessories |
FAQ's |
Site Map |
Blog |
Contact Us
Copyright © 2005-2020, Compliant Paint Booths, All rights reserved. • Web Design by Studio 1 Design and Hosting