https://www.linecross.co.uk/privacy-policy
This privacy policy sets out how Linecross uses and protects any information that you give Linecross when you use this website.
Linecross Limited (Linecross) recognises the importance of protecting your personal information and are committed to processing it responsibly and in full compliance with UK and EU law. This privacy policy explains what personal data Linecross collects from you, why we collect it and how we use that data.
Linecross may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 23rd May 2018.
Information we collect
Linecross collects data to operate our business effectively, to provide information on the products and services we offer and to fulfil our contractual obligations.
We may collect the following information: Name, Position, Company, Address, Telephone number or Email address. We may also ask you to provide additional information about your business and your preferences.
We collect your information when:
• you contact us for information by, for example, filling in an online form;
• you provide us with your details for the purposes of business communication, for example when your company becomes a customer of or supplier to Linecross;
• you connect to our customer website, in the form of cookies.
You have choices about the data we collect. When asked to provide personal data, you may decline. You may also set your browser preferences to disable cookies. When you have consented to us holding and using your data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. We will record your decision, however for legal and contractual purposes we may have to retain certain information.
How we use your information
Linecross uses the data we collect for two basic purposes. These are:-
Operation of business
We have contractual and commercial relationships with customers, suppliers and other parties which are necessary for the operation of our business. We will use personal information to contact individuals to the extent necessary to perform normal business functions.
Communications
We may periodically send emails about products, services and events which are relevant to your company using the email address you have provided.
We may periodically contact you by phone to inform you about our products, services and events using the phone number you have provided.
You may opt out of receiving such communications from us at any time. Please click here to update your communication preferences or to have your data removed.
Sharing your information
Unless required by law or to fulfil other regulatory obligations, we do not share your information with any other companies or organisations. The exception to this is that Linecross does utilise internet-based infrastructure providers for email, transfer of data and other services. We ensure these providers are subject to the highest standards of protection and security. The specific third parties being used by Linecross may change from time to time and a full list can be provided upon request.
Keeping your data
We hold your personal information for as long as we have a legal or business reason to do so. If you opt-out of receiving information from us, we will retain sufficient information for us to ensure your opt-out is respected.
Your information and your rights
If you are based within the EEA or within another jurisdiction having similar data protection laws, in certain circumstances you have the following rights:
• the right to be told how we use your information and obtain access to your information;
• the right to have your information rectified or erased or place restrictions on processing your information;
• the right to object to the processing of your information e.g. for direct marketing purposes or where the processing is based on our legitimate interests;
• the right to have any information you provided to us on an automated basis returned to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or sent directly to another company, where technically feasible ("data portability");
• where the processing of your information is based on your consent, the right to withdraw that consent subject to legal or contractual restrictions;
• the right to object to any decisions based on the automated processing of your personal data, including profiling; and
• the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority responsible for data protection matters (e.g. in the UK, the Information Commissioner's Office).
If we hold any information about you which is incorrect or if there are any changes to your details, please let us know so that we can keep our records accurate and up-to-date.
We will retain your personal information for the duration of our business relationship and afterwards for as long as is necessary and relevant for our legitimate business and legal purposes. Where we no longer need your personal information, we will dispose of it in a secure manner (without further notice to you).
Securing your data
We will keep your information secure by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures against its unauthorised or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage. We will do our best to protect your personal information but we cannot guarantee the security of your information which is transmitted to our website.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small file, which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Manage your cookie preferences here
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website
Cookies set by our website are:
Expression Engine
We use exp_cookies_allow, exp_cookies_accepted or exp_cookies_declined to track and respect your choices. Around all our websites we use cookies to remember where you are and to help and protect you.
We use exp_last_activity so every time the page is reloaded the last activity is set to the current date and time. It is used to determine form or login expiry. This is essential for logged in users to record their data and not lose it as it is being input. The expiry time 12 months.
exp_last_visit sets the date and time that the you last visited the site. Affects guests and logged in users. The expiry time is 12 months.
exp_tracker tracks the last 5 pages you viewed and is used primarily for redirection after some actions on the site ie moving back to pages. This affects guests and logged in users. This cookie expires when you leave the site.
We also use exp_csrf_token. This cookie protects against Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF). A CSRF attack forces a logged-on victim’s browser to send a forged HTTP request, including the victim’s session cookie and any other automatically included authentication information, to a vulnerable web application. It expires from your computer after one hour.
exp_stashid generates a unique ID that relates to session values that determine the current state of the website and any actions you have performed. Expiry time: session.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect standard internet log information such as patterns of visitor behavior so that we can identify for instance the number of visitors to a specific page and so improve the navigation and layout of our website.
This information is not collected in a way which allows us to identify any individual.
Cookies set by Google Analytics are:
_ga – Used to distinguish users. Expires after 2 years.
_gid – Used to distinguish users. Expires after 24 hours.
_gat_UA-119040217-1 – Used to throttle request rate. Expires after 1 minute.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact us at Sales@linex.uk.com