http://www.systematiccontrols.com/privacy-policy
Skip to contentHome » Privacy Policy PRIVACY POLICYOur postal address is 3105 Carter Circle Kennesaw, GA 30144We can be reached via our contact form or you can reach us by telephone at (866) VALTORCPrivacy:For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site .Security:Valtorc International is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through our SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encrypted servers.Refunds/Returns:Please note that due to customization and fabrication to each order, all sales are considered final with no refund or return.Shipping/Orders:Please be assured that your items will ship out within two days of purchase. We determine the most efficient shipping carrier for your order. The carriers that may be used are: U.S. Postal Service (USPS), United Parcel Service (UPS) or FedEx. Sorry but we cannot ship to P.O. Boxes.  Upon transaction a tracking number can be provided by request of the customer to track their order with the listed above carriers.If you’re trying to estimate when a package will be delivered, please note the following: Credit card authorization and verification must be received prior to processing. Federal Express and UPS deliveries occur Monday through Friday, excluding holidays. If you require express or 2 day shipping, please call us at 1-866-VALTORC for charges.PLEASE NOTE: Out of state orders WILL NOT be charged sales tax. In state orders will be charged 6-8% sales tax depending on your location in Georgia, and the counties sales tax.Communications:If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.calling us at the number provided above.Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizationsAdvertisements:With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them.Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.Upon request we offer visitors no ability to have factual inaccuracies corrected in information that we maintain about themIf you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.Last updated: 8/28/2013 CREDIT APPLICATIONPlease fill out our credit application for purchase orders and net terms.  Download here DISTRIBUTORS WANTEDApply to become an official protected distributor.  Click here to fill out our distributor application. (Online Form) VALVE PRODUCT CATALOGNew! Download our 2018 product overview catalog or call us to request a copy. Click here to download (PDF) FAST SHIPPING FOR ALL ORDERS MASSIVE INVENTORY MOST ITEMS IN STOCK PRODUCT TESTING QUALITY ASSURANCE CUSTOMER SUPPORT ON ALL ORDERS