http://www.batterysupplier.com/terms.asp
Alkaline
CMOS & PLC
Kenwood Batteries
Motorola Batteries
Minitor Pagers
Sealed Lead Batteries
StreamLight
Thermal Imager Batteries
My Cart
0 items: $0.00 View My Cart
Terms and Conditions
AGT Battery Supply, LLC Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.Shipping CostsShipping & Handling fees are not refundable. Please note returns may be subject to a 15% restocking fee (call for details). Signature may be required for UPS delivery.  It is the sole responsibility of the Customer to ensure their availability to accept delivery. In the event a package is not accepted or is returned by the Customer/Shipper the Customer will be charged all applicable fees related to their order and its return. Please ensure you have listed the correct address and zip code. Customer will be responsible for paying the UPS Address Correction Fee (This fee is charged by UPS and changes annually). We shall charge the Customer the current UPS address correction fee for incorrect or incomplete shipping addresses. PO Box Address:  If you are using UPS as your method of shipment and you list a P.O. Box ANYWHERE in your shipping address, it will not calculate the shipping & handling cost. Therefore we will calculate and add the proper shipping & handling charge to your order.  Minimum Orders: For orders below $50.00 of merchandise (not including shipping) there is a non refundable handling charge of $6.00. For orders of $50.00 of merchandise (not including shipping) or more there is a non refundable handling charge of only $1.50 for the entire order.Loss & Damage From Shipping:You must keep the shipping carton and it's contents for inspection as a result of a loss or damage claim (even if the box appears to be undamaged).Refunds & Returns:   You may return for exchange or credit any normally stocked item within 30 days from date of invoice for credit or refund of the purchase price and sales tax if applicable, provided: (1) Item has not been used, altered, or marred in any way (2) Item is returned with original wrapping in original container with all accessories, instruction manuals, warranties, papers, etc., in resale condition and (3) Item is returned with proof of purchase from AGT. Items cannot be returned if they are: special ordered, not normally in stock, close-outs, clearance, used or blemished, etc. Shipping & handling charges are not refundable. Furthermore all returns are subject to a 15% restocking charge.If any of the previous return conditions cannot be met, the following applies at the discretion of AGT. Any defective item returned within the specific manufacture’s warranty period will be replaced/repaired in accordance with the manufacturer's warranty guidelines. Replacement will be given only at the request of the manufacturer with proper proof of purchase. Any item returned as defective, found to be so as the result of improper usage and thus not covered by the manufacturer’s warranty will be treated as an item returned under the preceding paragraph.To return any item, buyer must contact AGT Customer Service: (973) 781-1100, Monday through Friday, 9:00am - 5:00pm EST. Request a Return Authorization Number. The Return Authorization (RA) number must be marked on the outside return label of the package. Please Note: AGT will refuse delivery of any returned packages without a Return Authorization (RA) number displayed on the exterior of the returned package. Buyer is responsible, and will not be reimbursed, for necessary shipping and insurance costs for returned packages to AGT. Include a copy of your original purchase invoice.We do not ship outside of the USA, except for US Military APO's, FPO's (via US Postal Service).Terms, Conditions,
Returns & Warranty Information(As Printed On The
Back OF AGT Invoices)
Thank you for your purchase from AGT Battery
Supply.LLC. We value each and every one of our customers. Below is important
information you need to know concerning purchases, terms, payment and procedures
for returning merchandise.   1. Credit TermsAGT Battery Supply, LLC (AGT)
requires a completed credit application and a personal letter of guarantee on
all open accounts. A returned check fee will be assessed if a check is returned
for any reason by the issuer’s bank. Replacement checks shall be certified, and
all purchases will be for cash or certified check only, until returned check has
been replaced and all returned check fees paid. Interest will be charged on all
accounts unpaid beyond 30 days at the maximum legal limit allowed in buyer’s
state. AGT reserves the right not to extend credit terms and credit terms may be
withdrawn at any time by AGT Battery Supply in its sole discretion.
Limitation of Liability
EXCEPT AS TO TITLE, AGT DOES
NOT MAKE AND SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY OR ALL MERCHANDISE OFFERED FOR SALE BY
AGT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT BEING LIMITED TO, ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO
QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR USE OR SUITABILITY. BUYER SHALL BE LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES, IF ANY, GIVEN BY THE ORIGINAL MANUFACTURER OF THE
MERCHANDISE.
IT IS UNDERSTOOD THAT AGT’S
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, IN TORT, UNDER ANY WARRANTY, IN NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID BY BUYER AND
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL AGT BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES. THE PRICE STATED FOR THE MERCHANDISE IS A CONSIDERATION IN LIMITING
AGT’S LIABILITY.
NO WAIVER, ALTERATION, OR
MODIFICATION OF THE FOREGOING CONDITIONS SHALL BE VALID UNLESS MADE IN WRITING
AND SIGNED BY THE MANAGING MEMBER OF AGT.
Delivery
Deliveries shall be subject to
and contingent upon timely receipt of orders by AGT together with buyer’s
satisfaction of credit requirements. AGT shall not be liable for any loss,
damage, detention or delay resulting from causes beyond its reasonable control,
including (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) unavailability of
production from AGT’s sources of supply, fire explosion, flood, strike or other
labor difficulties, shortage of utility, facility, material or labor, default by
common carriers or other delay in transportation, breakdown or accident, riot,
insurrection, civil or military authority, or governmental controls,
restrictions or regulations. AGT shall have the right to apportion its supplies
of merchandise among its customers in such manner as it, in its sole discretion
determines to be appropriate.
Seller’s Right of
Possession
In addition to all other
remedies, AGT shall have the right, at any time, for credit reasons or because
of buyer’s payment default, to withhold shipment in whole or in part, to recall
goods in transit, retake same, and repossess all goods which may be stored
without the necessity of taking any other action, and buyer consents that all
merchandise so recalled, retaken, or repossessed shall become the absolute
property of AGT provided the buyer is promptly notified of such action and given
full credit therefore.
Risk of Loss;
Claims
Merchandise is shipped FOB
shipping point and buyer assumes all risk of loss due to damages, shortages or
non-delivery due to carrier fault. Claims stemming from discrepancies between
invoice description or quantities and actual product received by buyer due to an
error of AGT must be made within 10 days of invoice date, and failure to make
such claim shall result in waiver of any right to make any claim for such
error.
Product Installation and
Operation
Buyer assumes all
responsibility for the proper selection, installation, operation and maintenance
of the merchandise purchased from AGT.
Items Returned for Credit
& Repair
AGT will return to the
manufacturer for repair or replacement, any item AGT carries or which was
previously purchased from AGT, provided, however, that buyer shall be
responsible for any and all freight charges, service charges, and repair
charges, even if the product is found to be beyond economical repair or buyer
does not wish to pursue the repair after acknowledgment of the estimated repair
charges.
Return Policy
You may return for exchange or
credit any normally stocked item within 30 days from date of invoice for credit
or refund of the purchase price and sales tax if applicable, provided: (1) Item
has not been used, altered, or marred in any way (2) Item is returned with
original wrapping in original container with all accessories, instruction
manuals, warranties, papers, etc., in resale condition and (3) Item is returned
with proof of purchase from AGT. Items cannot be returned if they are: special
ordered, not normally in stock, close-outs, clearance, used or blemished, etc.
Shipping & handling charges are not refundable. Furthermore all
returns are subject to a 15% restocking charge.
If any of the previous return
conditions cannot be met, the following applies at the discretion of AGT. Any
defective item returned within the specific manufacture’s warranty period will
be replaced/repaired in accordance with the manufacturers’ warranty guidelines.
Replacement will be given only at the request of the manufacturer with proper
proof of purchase. Any item returned as defective, found to be so as the result
of improper usage and thus not covered by the manufacturer’s warranty will be
treated as an item returned under the preceding paragraph.
To return any item, buyer must
contact AGT Customer Service: (973) 781-1100, Monday through Friday, 9:00am -
5:00pm EST. Request a Return Authorization Number. The Return Authorization (RA)
number must be marked on the outside return label of the package. Please Note:
AGT will refuse delivery of any returned packages without a Return Authorization
(RA) number displayed on the exterior of the returned package. Buyer is
responsible, and will not be reimbursed, for necessary shipping and insurance
costs for returned packages to AGT. Include a copy of your original purchase
invoice.
Purchase
Orders
If the Buyer intends to issue
purchase orders to the Seller from time to time, every purchase order shall
contain a description of the products ordered, the quantities and prices, the
shipment schedule, the terms and place of delivery. Despite any provisions to
the contrary all such orders will be made pursuant and subject to this
agreement, whether specifically stated or not. If there is any inconsistency
between the terms and conditions of this agreement and the terms of a purchase
order, the terms and conditions of this agreement shall prevail.
Governing
Law
The parties agree and intend
that this agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the
laws of the State of New Jersey, including specifically the provisions of
Chapter 2 of the New Jersey Uniform Commercial Code. The parties also
acknowledge that the transaction that is the subject matter of this contract
bears a reasonable relation to the State of New Jersey.
Arbitration
Any controversy or claim
arising out of, in connection with, or relating to this agreement or a breach
thereof shall be settled by arbitration pursuant to the arbitration rules
governed by the State of New Jersey.
Complete Understanding
This agreement terminates and
supersedes all prior agreements between the parties, if any. This agreement sets
forth the entire agreement between the parties. This agreement may not be
changed, altered, or amended except by a writing signed by both
parties.Additional Terms & Conditions NOT printed on the back of AGT Battery Supply, LLC InvoicesCopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of AGT Battery Supply, LLC. The collective work includes works that are licensed to AGT Battery Supply, LLC, Copyright 2007, AGT Battery Supply, LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with AGT Battery Supply, LLC or purchasing AGT Battery Supply, LLC products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with AGT Battery Supply, LLC or to purchase AGT Battery Supply, LLC products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by AGT Battery Supply, LLC. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of AGT Battery Supply, LLC used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of AGT Battery Supply, LLCWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, AGT Battery Supply, LLC disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. AGT Battery Supply, LLC does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. AGT Battery Supply, LLC does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of Liability
EXCEPT AS TO TITLE, AGT DOES
NOT MAKE AND SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY OR ALL MERCHANDISE OFFERED FOR SALE BY
AGT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT BEING LIMITED TO, ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO
QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR USE OR SUITABILITY. BUYER SHALL BE LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES, IF ANY, GIVEN BY THE ORIGINAL MANUFACTURER OF THE
MERCHANDISE.
IT IS UNDERSTOOD THAT AGT’S
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, IN TORT, UNDER ANY WARRANTY, IN NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID BY BUYER AND
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL AGT BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES. THE PRICE STATED FOR THE MERCHANDISE IS A CONSIDERATION IN LIMITING
AGT’S LIABILITY.
NO WAIVER, ALTERATION, OR
MODIFICATION OF THE FOREGOING CONDITIONS SHALL BE VALID UNLESS MADE IN WRITING
AND SIGNED BY THE MANAGING MEMBER OF AGT.AGT Battery Supply, LLC shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if AGT Battery Supply, LLC has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a www.agtbattery.com product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, www.agtbattery.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. www.agtbattery.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, www.agtbattery.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by www.agtbattery.com without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.Noticewww.agtbattery.com may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to www.agtbattery.com.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of New Jersey, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of www.agtbattery.com products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of www.agtbattery.com products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. www.agtbattery.com's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. www.agtbattery.com may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a www.agtbattery.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation Disclaimerwww.agtbattery.com does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, www.agtbattery.com is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, www.agtbattery.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to www.agtbattery.com in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless www.agtbattery.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, www.agtbattery.com may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with www.agtbattery.com, www.agtbattery.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of www.agtbattery.com. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, www.agtbattery.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Alkaline
CMOS & PLC
Kenwood Batteries
Motorola Batteries
Minitor Pagers
Sealed Lead Batteries
StreamLight
Thermal Imager Batteries
More Info.
Deal of the Day
Emergency Light Batteries
Our BLOG
Reviews for AGT Battery
News & Related Links
Sale Items at AGT Battery
Military & Government Orders
Deal of the Day
Sale Items