http://www.doorking.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Consumer Data Privacy Policy
DoorKing®, Inc. respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. This document describes DoorKing's Consumer Data Privacy Policy, that is, how personal information is collected, used and disclosed by DoorKing, Inc., and how we protect your privacy and treat your data when you submit personal information to us.  This document was last updated April, 2019.
Your Right to Know
You have the right to know what information we have collected from you and to whom we have shared this information with for business purposes.  To request this information, email us at:
marketing@doorking.com
Or mail your request to:
DoorKing, Inc.
attn.: Privacy Office
120 S. Glasgow Ave.
Inglewood, CA  90301
Personal Information Collected
DoorKing collects information from you in various ways when you visit or use our web sites.  For example, we collect information that you provide directly to us, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, fax number and other information.  In regards to information collected when you register for use of our IM Server connection services, our DKS Cellular service, or our DKS VoIP service, please refer to the section below; Connection Services.
Passive Information.  Some information is automatically collected when you visit our web sites, such as your computer’s operating system, internet protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring web site addresses.  We also collect information about your usage and activity on our sites.
Cookies.  We may automatically collect cookies.  Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a web site.  Cookies help us improve your experience on our web sites.  We use cookies to see which areas of our web sites are popular and to count visits to our web sites.  If you set your browser to not accept cookies, this may affect certain features or services of our web sites.  To find out more about cookies, go to http://www.allaboutcookies.org.  Remember, though, without cookies, users may not be able to take full advantage of all of our website features.
Web Beacons.  We may collect information using web beacons. Web beacons (or “gifs”) are electronic images that may be used on our web sites or in our emails.  We use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, or to tell if an email has been opened or not and acted upon.
Use of Personal Information We Collect
We may use information collected by our web sites for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you on our web sites terms and conditions of use.  As an example, we may use your information:
to improve our web sites;
to respond to comments or questions that you may submit and to provide customer service;
to send you information which may include order confirmations, invoices, technical information, updates, support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about upcoming events, seminars, promotions, contests, new products and services and to deliver e-Newsletters and Shop Talk Newsletters.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We restrict access to your personal information.  We have physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in place to make sure your personal information is protected.  Your personal information is accessible on a need to know basis only by:
Employees of DoorKing, Inc.
Others who need to know the information to provide our services to you.
Sharing of Personal Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as follows:
in an aggregated form that does not identify you;
with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us;
to (a) comply with laws or respond to subpoenas, warrants or other court orders regarding information concerning any users, (b) to disclose information if we believe that such disclosure is necessary to protect us from legal liability, (c) to protect the rights and property of DoorKing, Inc., including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use, or (d) in the good faith belief that disclosure is needed to respond to an emergency or to protect the personal safety of any person;
with your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies.
Children
The DoorKing web sites are generally not intended for use by children.  We do not knowingly solicit or collect any personal information about children under the age of 18 or market to them.
Security of Your Personal Information
DoorKing, Inc., takes reasonable measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alternation or destruction.  We limit access to such information to authorized personal on a “need to know” basis only. Information collected by DoorKing is stored on secured servers that are protected with firewalls and Secure Socket Layers (SSL).
Your Information Choices
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from DoorKing by following the instructions in those emails.  You may also send requests or changes about your contact preferences and information by sending an email to marketing@doorking.com.  If you opt out of any of our email lists, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your account or ongoing business relations.
Connection Services
Our connection services registration form consists of a number of fields that you are asked to fill in. Some of them are compulsory, others optional. The fields are:
Your name (*)
Company or organization
Address (*)
E-mail address (*)
Telephone number (*)
All fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required in order to process your registration and enables you to use our optional connection services.  DoorKing stores the information for accounting reasons. Your information will not be shown to third parties not involved in the transaction.
You can pay for use of the IM Server with a credit card or eCheck.  DKS Cellular and VoIP services will only accept a credit card for payment.  You will need to provide the following information:
Credit Card Transaction                                eCheck (IM Server only)
Credit card number                                          ABA Number
Credit card verification number                        Account Number
Expiration date
This information is sent directly to our payment provider who processes the payment. The credit card or bank information is neither recorded nor stored by DoorKing, and it can only be accessed by our payment provider. The transaction has an extremely high level of security.
We use Authorize.Net, one of the largest credit card and e-check processing gateways, to handle all of your sensitive credit card and bank account information.  All credit card and e-check information that you enter during the registration process (or subsequently edit) is received and processed directly by the highly secure servers at Authorize.net, using encrypted Secure Sockets communications, and is never stored at our facilities.  DoorKing’s customer service and tech support personnel do not have access to this information - your confidential data is completely under your control.
If you have any questions or require more information regarding payment options, DoorKing policies, questions about the Internet Modem Server product or other questions, please contact us at info@doorking.com.
Changes to this Policy
DoorKing may change this policy from time to time.  Any changes to this policy will be posted as soon as reasonably possible and will become effective immediately.  If changes are made, the month and year of the change will be posted.  Use of the DoorKing web sites constitute consent to any policies then in effect.
Operator
The operator of the DoorKing web sites is:  DoorKing, Inc., 120 S. Glasgow Avenue, Inglewood, California 90301, USA.  Phone 310-645-0023, Fax 310-641-1586, email info@doorking.com