https://www.altreva.com/privacypolicy.htm
Site Map |
FAQ |
Contact
Home
Technology
Product
Download
News
Store
Support
About
Home > Privacy Policy
Altreva's Privacy Policy
To whom this policy applies
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to the use of the
Altreva.com website ("the Site") and any of Altreva's products and
services ("Our Products and Services") or parts thereof by our
customers, users or our former customers or users ("you").
Our commitment to your privacy
Altreva is committed to protecting the security and confidentiality
of information we collect about you. We will not share nonpublic
personal information about you with third parties without your consent,
except for the purposes described below. This Privacy Policy describes
the information we may gather, how we will use it and the circumstances
under which we may share it with others.
Why we collect and how we use information
We limit the collection and use of personal information to the
minimum we require to deliver service to you. Such service includes
processing orders and payments requested by you, sending you
announcements and newsletters about Our Products and Services (after
your consent) and administering our business.
What information we collect
We do not collect any personal information about you (such as your
name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly
provide such information such as for the purpose of ordering any of Our
Products and Services or for registering for the Site's forum. The Site
may note and save information such as time of day, browser type, browser
language, and IP address with each visit. That information may be used
to provide more relevant services to you. For example, the Site may use
your IP address or browser language to determine which language to use
when displaying website content.
How we collect information
We get most information directly from you, when you apply for, access
or use the Site or any of Our Products and Services or parts thereof,
whether in person, by telephone or electronically. We may verify this
information with information available from public sources.
Use of cookies
Upon your first visit to the Site, a "cookie" may be send to your
computer. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique
user. A cookie may be used to improve the quality of service by storing
user preferences and by tracking user trends and patterns of how people
use the website. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies.
You can configure your browser to refuse cookies or to indicate when a
cookie is being sent.
How we protect information
We maintain physical, electronic, legal and procedural safeguards to
protect the security and confidentiality of your information. Our staff
is required to protect the security and confidentiality of information
and to comply with our established policies. They may access information
only when there is an appropriate reason to do so, such as to administer
Our Products and Services.
Disclosure of information
Without your consent we do not disclose any nonpublic personal
information about you to anyone, except as required or permitted by law.
Information may be disclosed for audit purposes or to law enforcement or
regulatory agencies. In addition, we may disclose information to our
business partners to enable them to provide business services for us,
such as performing computer related, data maintenance or processing
services, or to facilitate the processing of transactions requested by
you. Information about the Site's forum users (such as forum account and
profile details and message postings) may be visible to other forum
users including guest users.
Access to and correction of information
If you desire to review or change any personal information that we
may store about you, please contact us. If you notify us that any
information is incorrect, we will review it. If we agree, we will
correct our records. If we do not agree, you may submit a short
statement of dispute, which we will include in future disclosures of the
disputed information.
Your consent
By using the Site or by ordering or using any of Our Products and
Services, you consent to the collection and use of your information as
described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When
we do so, we will publish the changed Privacy Policy on the Site.
Adaptive Modeler
Evaluation Edition
Download
Copyright © 2003 - 2020 Altreva. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy |
Important Information |
Affiliates |
Contact Us
Tweet