http://www.stens.com/stens-terms-conditions
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and ConditionsCompany InfoAbout StensOur BrandsCareersContact UsTerms of SaleTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyTerms and Conditions Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the www.stens.com website operated by Stens Specialty Brands, LLC ("us", "we", or "our").Your access to and use of www.stens.com is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use www.stens.com.By accessing or using www.stens.com you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access www.stens.com.PurchasesIf you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the www.stens.com ("Purchase"), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information.You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any credit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the information you supply to us is true, correct and complete.www.stens.com may employ the use of third party services for the purpose of facilitating payment and the completion of Purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy.We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to: product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order or other reasonsWe reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.Availability, Errors and InaccuraciesWe are constantly updating product and service offerings on
www.stens.com. Accuracy or completeness of information found on
www.stens.com is not guaranteed.We reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.Contests, Sweepstakes and PromotionsAny contests, sweepstakes or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through www.stens.com may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms & Conditions. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms and Conditions, the Promotion rules will apply.Intellectual Propertywww.stens.com and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Stens Specialty Brands, LLC and its licensors. www.stens.com is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Stens Specialty Brands, LLC.Links To Other Web Siteswww.stens.com may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Stens Specialty Brands, LLC
Stens Specialty Brands, LLC has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that Stens Specialty Brands, LLC shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit. Termination We may terminate or suspend your access to www.stens.com immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. Indemnification You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Stens Specialty Brands, LLC and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of www.stens.com, or b) a breach of these Terms. Limitation Of Liability In no event shall Stens Specialty Brands, LLC, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use www.stens.com (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on www.stens.com (iii) any content obtained from www.stens.com; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose. Disclaimer Your use of www.stens.com is at your sole risk. www.stens.com is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. www.stens.com is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Stens Specialty Brands, LLC its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) www.stens.com will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) www.stens.com is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using www.stens.com will meet your requirements. Exclusions Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you. Governing Law These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Indiana, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding www.stens.com, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding www.stens.com. Changes We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use www.stens.com after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use www.stens.com. Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please
contact us.