https://www.arkansaslighting.com/privacy-policy/
MENU
Products
Lighted Mirrors
Floor Lamp
Task Floor Lamp
Torchiere Floor Lamp
Table Lamp
Desk Lamp
Nightstand Lamp
Task Table Lamp
Wall Mounted
ADA Wall Sconce
Adjustable Wall Lamp
Task Wall Lamp
Vanity
Outdoor Fixture
Ceiling Mounted
Commercial Ceiling Fixture
Flush Mount Ceiling Sconce
Semi Flush Mount Ceiling Sconce
Pendant
Imported
Made in Arkansas
Prima Mini Pendants
invisible-item
In stock1 to 2 weeks2 to 4 weeks4 to 6 weeks6 to 14 weeksClearance
Availability
In stock
1 to 2 weeks
2 to 4 weeks
4 to 6 weeks
6 to 14 weeks
Clearance
Programs
Portfolio
Industries
Custom
Capabilities
Finishes
Shade Materials
Learn more
About Us
Video Archive
Lighting 101
Bulb Comparison
Brochures
About Prima
Contact
800-437-7656
479-474-9007
customerservice@arkansaslighting.com
MY ACCOUNT
LOGIN
REGISTER
800-437-7656
479-474-9007
customerservice@arkansaslighting.com
Privacy policy
Arkansas Lighting Privacy Policy
This privacy policy specifies how Arkansas Lighting uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
Arkansas Lighting is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Any information we request from you while using this site will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Arkansas Lighting may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes. We do not currently offer the ability to purchase products directly from our website and therefore we request minimal information from you.  If we ever add this capability, we will update this Privacy Policy.  This policy is effective December 6th, 2017.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postal code, preferences, and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
To improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We will never sell or share your information with outside parties.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the cookie helps analyze web traffic and allows web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our site.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to easily visit other websites. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Share via Email
Close
SIGN IN
If you have an account, sign in with your email address.
Lost your password?
Not yet Registered?
Create Account