http://www.emortgages.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
HomeHome PurchaseRefinanceApply NowResources Loan ProgramsLoan ProcessMortgage BasicsMortgage CalculatorsOnline FormsFAQAbout About UsRate UsTestimonialsContactBlog
PRIVACY POLICYCustomer service is very important to all of us. As we continue to improve and expand our services, we recognize our customers' need and desire to preserve their privacy and confidentiality. Safeguarding our customers' privacy is also very important to us. We have adopted standards that help maintain and preserve the confidentiality of customers' nonpublic personal information. The following Statement affirms our continued efforts to safeguard customer information.Information We CollectWe gather nonpublic personal information about our customers as may be necessary to conduct business with our customers.We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources: Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, over the telephone or in face-to-face meetings, and via the Internet. Examples of information we receive from you include your name, address, telephone number, social security number, credit history and other financial information.
Information about your transactions with us or others. Examples of information relating to your transactions include payment histories, account balances and account activity.
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency. Examples of information from consumer reporting agencies include your credit score, credit reports and other information relating to your creditworthiness.
From employers and others to verify information you have given to us. Examples of information provided by employers and others include verifications of employment, income or deposits. Information We Disclose Your personal information will only be retained for the purpose of providing you with our response to your query and will not be made available to any third party except as necessary to be disclosed to any related entity for the purpose intended or as required to be disclosed under law. By submitting data on our website, the visitor is providing explicit consent to transmission of data collected on the website. We treat data as confidential within our firm and require a strict adherence of all our employees to data protection and our confidentiality policies.All visitors, however, should be aware that our website may contain links to other sites that are not governed by this or any other privacy statement.We reserve the right to amend (that is, add to, delete or change) the terms of this Privacy Statement from time to time.
About Us
We've been helping customers afford the home of their dreams for many years and we love what we do.
Company NMLS: 275208 www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org
Contact Us
1425 N McDowell Blvd., Suite 209 Petaluma, CA 94954 Phone: (707) 763-6290 info@emortgages.com
Disclaimers
Legal
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Resources
Loan Programs
Loan Process
Mortgage Basics
Mortgage Calculators
Online Forms
FAQ
Powered By LenderHomePage.com
×
emortgages.com Accessibility Statement
General
emortgages.com strives to ensure that its services are accessible to people with disabilities. emortgages.com has invested a significant amount of resources to help ensure that its website is made easier to use and more accessible for people with disabilities, with the strong belief that every person has the right to live with dignity, equality, comfort and independence.
Accessibility on emortgages.com website
emortgages.com makes available the UserWay Website Accessibility Widget that is powered by a dedicated accessibility server. The software allows emortgages.com to improve its compliance with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG 2.1).
Enabling the Accessibility Menu
The emortgages.com accessibility menu can be enabled by clicking the accessibility menu icon that appears on the corner on the page. After triggering the accessibility menu, please wait a moment for the accessibility menu to load in its entirety.
Disclaimer
emortgages.com continues its efforts to constantly improve the accessibility of its site and services in the belief that it is our collective moral obligation to allow seamless, accessible and unhindered use also for those of us with disabilities.
Despite our efforts to make all pages and content on emortgages.com website fully accessible, some content may not have yet been fully adapted to the strictest accessibility standards. This may be a result of not having found or identified the most appropriate technological solution.
Here For You
If you are experiencing difficulty with any content on emortgages.com website or require assistance with any part of our site, please contact us during normal business hours as detailed below and we will be happy to assist.
Contact Us
If you wish to report an accessibility issue, have any questions or need assistance, please contact us by sending an email to: info@emortgages.com
Close
I accept
This site uses cookies to process your loan application and other features. You may elect not to accept cookies which will keep you from submitting an loan application. By your clicked consent/acceptance you acknowledge and allow the use of cookies. By clicking I Accept you acknowledge you have read and understand emortgages.com's Privacy Policy.