http://www.inskipmotorcycles.com.au/privacy-policy.aspx
HomeBikesView All StockNew ArrivalsEnduroSportsMotocrossATVDual SportsRoadAdvanced SearchSpare PartsView All StockNew ArrivalsAdvanced SearchWorkshopMaintenance TipsBook a ServiceRequest PartsKawasakiContact UsSend us an emailGet directions to us
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement forms part of our Terms and Conditions for use of this website.
From this point forth, Inskip Motorcycles
will be referred to as "Inskip Motorcycles".
Use of Inskip Motorcycles website is for your personal and non-commercial use only. Except for the Material held in your computers cache or a single permanent copy of the Material for your personal use. You must not:
modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish or license any Material;
use or attempt to use any Material published on the Inskip Motorcycles website to create any web site or publication;
mirror or frame any web site or page within the Inskip Motorcycles website;
use any automated process of any sort to query, access or copy any Material on the Inskip Motorcycles website or generate or compile any document or database based on the Material published on the Inskip Motorcycles website; or
transfer or sell any information, functionality or products or services offered on the Inskip Motorcycles website;
without the written approval of Inskip Motorcycles and Unique Websites
Inskip Motorcycles website may terminate your right to access and use the Inskip Motorcycles website at any time.
You are Responsible for the use of the Inskip Motorcycles website
Whilst the Inskip Motorcycles website takes care to ensure that the Material on the Inskip Motorcycles website is correct, current and free from errors, Inskip Motorcycles does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of or the representations made by the Material on the Inskip Motorcycles website or any web site that links from the Inskip Motorcycles website or any information received as a result of using the Inskip Motorcycles website. The services and Material made available on the Inskip Motorcycles website are provided as general information only. Inskip Motorcycles does not warrant that the services and Material are professional, expert or other advice and are not a substitute for such advice; may not be appropriate, correct or sufficient for your circumstances; should not be relied on as the only reason you do or don’t do anything; and may not be continually accessible or free from errors or viruses.
If Inskip Motorcycles suffers any loss or damage or incurs any cost in connection with a breach by you of these terms and conditions you agree to indemnify Inskip Motorcycles for all such loss and damage.
Copyright, Trademarks and Licence
Material on the Inskip Motorcycles website is Copyright © Inskip Motorcycles and Unique Websites 2020. All photography is copyright Inskip Motorcycles and Unique Websites and may not be reproduced without permission. Unless otherwise indicated on the Inskip Motorcycles website, the material on the Inskip Motorcycles website is owned by or licensed to Inskip Motorcycles and UniqueWebsites.com.au and is subject to copyright (the “Copyright Material”). You may:
only copy or reproduce the Copyright Material for the purpose of browsing the Inskip Motorcycles website or making a copy for your own personal, private or research use, provided that such use constitutes fair use under the Copyright Act;
not alter or modify the Copyright Material or remove any legal notice associated with it.
Inskip Motorcycles provides the following privacy statement:
Inskip Motorcycles is bound by the National Principles under the Privacy Act 1988. A copy of the National Principles are available for your perusal at our premises or you may access a copy from the Office of the Federal Privacy Commissioner.
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully. The purpose of this Statement is to inform you about our collection and use of personal information so that you can make informed choices about how your own information is collected and used.
About this Privacy Statement
Inskip Motorcycles is committed to maintaining the privacy and accuracy of your personal information and to protecting information from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, alteration and destruction.
Inskip Motorcycles complies with the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988 in relation to the management of personal information.
This Privacy Statement applies to your use of the website of Inskip Motorcycles at http://www.inskipmotorcycles.com.au
This includes utilising any of our facilities via this website.
Information Collected
When you use this website, our Internet Service Provider (”ISP”) will record and log for statistical purposes the following information about your visit:
your server address and top level domain name (eg. .com, .gov, etc),
the date and time of your visit,
when entering from another website, the address of that website,
the pages and documents you access during your visit, and
the type of browser you are using.
This information is collected through the use of “cookies” (see below).
We will not attempt to identify individual users and we will not collect personal information unless you provide it to us.
If you request information or provide feedback about any of our vehicles, products or services you will be asked to provide contact details and a mailing address.
We do not collect information about political or religious beliefs, ethnic background or sexual preferences.
Use and Disclosure of Information
Our goal is to use the information you provide to better understand your requirements and provide information to you on products and services that are most relevant to you.
Unless you have instructed us not to do so, personal information may be shared within Inskip Motorcycles and to third parties who provide us with certain services. These third parties are required to keep your information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we are permitted to use it.
Inskip Motorcycles undertakes not to disclose, sell, rent or trade your personal information. We are obliged however to allow law enforcement agencies and other government agencies with the relevant legal authority to inspect our ISP logs if there is an investigation.
Personal information you have provided along with your particular request for information could be forwarded to our mail house or our head office for follow up of your request by mail, email or telephone.
Information may be used by Inskip Motorcycles for marketing and product analysis. This may include the forwarding of publications and information about special offers, new products or competitions to you by post or by email.
Information Quality
At Inskip Motorcycles our goal is to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. Please contact us if personal information we hold about you is incorrect or has changed and we will use all reasonable efforts to update the information.
Information Security
At Inskip Motorcycles, security is a priority. We use technologies and processes such as access control procedures, network firewalls and encryption to protect the security and privacy of information travelling to, from and within our website.
Accessing and Modifying
Should you wish to have access to the personal information we hold about you, please contact us. A fee may apply to such access. Access will be limited to the information you have provided.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a device that allows our server to identify and interact more effectively with your computer. Cookies do not identify individual users, but they do identify your ISP and your browser type.
This website uses temporary cookies. This means that upon closing your browser, the temporary cookie assigned to you will be destroyed and no personal information is maintained which might identify you at a later date.
We do not disclose domain names or aggregate information to third parties other than to those who assist us with this website and who are under strict confidentiality obligations.
You can configure your browser to accept or reject all cookies and to notify you when a cookie is used. We suggest that you refer to your browser instructions or help screens to learn more about these functions. However, please note that if you configure your browser so as to not receive any cookies, a certain level of functionality of this website and other websites may be lost.
Changes to the Statement
Inskip Motorcycles may make changes to this Privacy Statement from time to time for any reason. We will publish those changes on our website.
Contact Us
If you would like further information about our Privacy Statement and the management of your information or if you think we have breached any aspect of this Privacy Statement, please contact us using the Contact link at the top of the website.
Contact Us
Find Inskip Motorcycles at 1 James St, Toronto, NSW. 2283. Inskip Motorcycles1 James St
Toronto
NSW
2283
Voice:
02 4950 4099Fax:
02 4950 4452QR Code containing our contact details: MECARD:N:Inskip Motorcycles;TEL:02 4950 4099;ADR:1 James St, Toronto, NSW, 2283, ;;
Scan this with your mobile deviceto save our contact details [?]
Send us an email »
Get directions to us »
$5 - $500000
Scan this QR code to visit this web page on your mobile device
Scan this image to view this webpage on your mobile device [?]
Our Contact Details:
Inskip Motorcycles
Voice: 02 4950 4099
Fax: 02 4950 4452
Web: www.inskipmotorcycles.com.au
Our Address:
1 James St
Toronto
NSW
2283
Get directions to us »
Trading Hours:
Monday - Friday: 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Saturday: 9:00 AM - 1:00 PM
Copyright © 2020 -
Inskip Motorcycles
|
Privacy
|
Send us an email
| Sitemap
facebook
twitter
linkedin