https://www.fis-web.com/privacy-policy/
MENUMENUReprint/RevisionMake Payment$0.00Get StartedMENUMENU
Purpose:
The FIS privacy policy provides information on how the Foundation for International Services, Inc. (FIS) collects, uses, and protects information provided to us while visiting our site or using our services.
Information collected:
FIS collects information used to inquire about and request our services, including various types of evaluations of foreign educational credentials and document translations. This information includes name, address, e-mail address, educational history, and other information as may be needed to provide the services offered.
How information is used:
The information collected by FIS is used in the evaluation of foreign educational credentials, the translation of documentation into and from English and other languages, and to provide consulting services. In the process of evaluating foreign educational credentials, facilitating expert opinions with external consultants, or providing document translations, FIS may use personal, educational, professional, or project information in a variety of ways with other organizations and individuals, when it is necessary to do so as a part of the service request and process. These include:
Contacting educational institutions to verify the authenticity of educational credential
Contacting institutions or organizations that the applicant has attended or is planning to attend
Contacting other international credential evaluation services and appropriate authorities in cases of confirmed fraudulent or forged documents
Complying with a judicial order or a lawfully issued subpoena
Communicating with screened professional translators for the purposes of performing a professional document translation. For client sensitive information (such as intellectual property) restrictive confidentiality statements can be secured.
FIS will also confirm, without consent from the applicant, whether an evaluation report or document translation was issued by FIS. Confidentiality and the protection of personal information is otherwise honored and attorney/client privilege is respected.
Does FIS Disclose Information to Outside Parties?
FIS does not sell nor distribute its client lists to any outside party. FIS may provide general information about our applicants, services selected, and website information to affiliate organizations for marketing purposes, but such details will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
Your Consent:
By using the FIS website, you consent to the terms stated in this Privacy Policy. I confirm my consent to the collection, use, and sharing of my information as solely described in the Foundation for International Services, Inc. Privacy Policy. I also understand and agree that my information may be transferred outside the country in which I am based to other locations, including the United States, which may have different levels of data protection.
Cookies:
Cookies are small strings of individually unidentifiable text that assist us in providing navigability and functionality for the FIS web site. When you visit our site, a cookie will be placed within your browser and PC folders to help your machine communicate with our web site. The cookie does not identify you by name and is not tied to you individually.
Services:
This site uses Google Analytics, a third party platform that tracks and reports website traffic, currently as a platform inside the Google Marketing Platform brand. If you choose to opt out of this service, your activity will not be tracked or reported to Google.
Security:
FIS uses encryption and other commercially-available technology to protect information gathered through the use of the FIS web site.
Changes to our Privacy Policy:
Foundation for International Services, Inc. (FIS) reserves the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy statement at any time. Changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site and can be checked at any time.
Foundation for International Services, Inc.
505 5th Avenue South, Suite 101
Edmonds, WA 98020
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Tools
Phone: 425-248-2255
Email: info@fis-web.com
Office Hours
Monday – Friday
8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. PT