https://www.advisorpartners.com/legal-notices/
Skip to content
Legal Notices
Legal Noticesadmin2020-06-23T15:56:56-07:00
Privacy Policy
General Visitors to our Site
Advisor Partners, LLC (“Advisor Partners”) collects information voluntarily provided from our Visitors through our website. However, we do not require Visitors to submit personal information to obtain general access to our website. Information that is collected may be used in the aggregate to improve our services.
Certain pages of this website contain forms that allow a Visitor to request information about our services and solutions. In completing a form, you may be required to provide contact information, such as name, phone number and email address. Please note that any information submitted implies consent for use of the information, and Advisor Partners may use the information from these forms to respond to requests and send information requested. We will not share this information with any third party unless required or permitted by law.
Clients
Advisor Partners adheres to the same high standards for online privacy as any other aspect of Client privacy. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard Client’s personal information. View a copy of Advisor Partners’ Privacy Policy.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data assigned by a Web server to your browser. Cookies help Web sites to keep track of your preferences and to recognize return visitors. So, when you return to a Web site you’ve visited before, your browser gives this data back to the server.
Advisor Partners uses cookies to make your online experience richer and more personalized. As a matter of security, we do not embed personal information in our cookies, other than the email address used for purposes of logging in.
Terms & Conditions
The information on this website is intended for U.S. Residents only and is not intended for distribution in any jurisdiction where Advisor Partner is not licensed to distribute such information or where such offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. The information provided on this website is for information purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice or a determination that a particular product or service is suitable for any individual. This information should not be relied upon in making an investment decision. The presentation on this website does not purport to be a complete description of Advisor Partners’ investment services. Please see additional disclosures regarding the use of the information provided on this website. For the most current publicly filed information on Advisor Partners, please reference Advisor Partners’ public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) at https://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. For a copy of Advisor Partners’ most recent disclosure document (Form ADV Part 2), please call 888-265-2257.
All contents of this website are protected by copyright. The materials on this website may not be modified, distributed, posted or transmitted without the prior written consent of Advisor Partners. Visitors to this website may print out portions of the web site of interest to them, for their own private use only. Copyright notices and other identifying information should not be removed from such printouts. Website contents may not be reproduced in any manner for any other purpose.
Advisor Partners believes that the information on this website has come from reliable sources, but it cannot assure its completeness or suitability for any purpose. The materials on this website are subject to change without notice.
Advisor Partners Form ADV Part 2A & 2B
Go to Top