https://www.icaew.com/icaew-policies
Skip to content
Stay up-to-date with the latest Coronavirus news: Sign up for daily news alerts
ICAEW.com works better with JavaScript enabled.
Home
ICAEW policies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V-Z
#
ICAEW policies
View ICAEW's policies, copyright notice, and terms and conditions.
A
Accessibility Review CAH OMP
ICAEW is committed to ensuring that everyone has access to One Moorgate Place and that freedom of movement is achieved for staff, members, visitors with a physical disability, vision impairment, deaf or hard of hearing etc. This historical building presents a number of accessibility challenges, due to merging four architectural designs into one building that is internationally known as One Moorgate Place. Based on these challenges ICAEW appointed Access All Areas: an accessibility consultancy company to offer advice and guidance.
Accessibility Gradient at CAH OMP
Chartered Accounts' Hall (CAH) - One Moorgate Place Access, Gradient, Building & Welfare Services
Advertising terms and conditions
Last updated: 20 March 2018
Associated users privacy notice
ICAEW collects and processes personal data belonging to associated users - this group does not include ICAEW members or students. It consists of for example faculty and community members, partners in learning, and professional development training.
Authorised employers privacy notice
This privacy notice provides information on how we collect, use and retain personal data relating to our authorised training employers and authorised training principals.
Academy Expenses Policy
This expenses & payment policy should be referenced for all ICAEW Academy delivery.
B
Board Director’s Programme – Coaching Terms and Conditions
Coaching and Mentoring terms and conditions as part of the ICAEW Board Director’s Programme
C
CABA data protection statement
CABA is the charity that supports the wellbeing of past and present ICAEW members and their families. We offer a wide range of support and services, for example career development, emotional support (including mental health), benefits advice and information, and practical advice on how to improve your personal wellbeing. All of our services are free, impartial and strictly confidential. Please see below for a summary of CABA’s privacy notice.
Coaching and Mentoring Terms & Conditions
Last updated: 30 April 2018
Community (ION) terms and conditions
ICAEW's terms and conditions for ION details your conduct and responsibilities while using the community.
Cookies
Describing the cookies we use across all of our websites and what we use them for.
Content provider terms and conditions
Last updated: 20 March 2018
Controller to processor data sharing schedule
Last updated: 25 June 2020
CFAB online tuition
Please read all of the following terms carefully before accepting them and submitting your payment.
CMI terms and conditions
ICAEW agrees to abide by copyright restrictions as well as any other restrictions imposed by publishers and specified in the content provided to BFP holders.
D
Data protection policy
This is a statement of the data protection policy adopted by the ICAEW.
E
E-Learning Content Licence Terms
Terms of use for the licensing of ICAEW's e-learning content
Event terms and conditions
ICAEW's terms and conditions for events are set out in full below. Terms and conditions of local group and society events may differ to those mentioned here. Please refer to your booking conditions for details.
Event (speaker and exhibitor) terms and conditions
Last updated 12 January 2018
Event (exhibitor) terms and conditions
Last updated: 12/01/18
F
G
H
I
In-house training terms and conditions
Last updated: 02 December 2020
Investment policy
The Investment Policy determines how ICAEW manages its long-term investments and short-term cash funds. It specifies the means by which performance of these funds is monitored, the attitude to risk and time horizon and the management processes adopted.
J
Job application privacy notice
As part of any recruitment process, ICAEW collects and processes personal data relating to job applicants.
K
L
Legal notice and terms of use
Setting out the licence, service access and liability issues for icaew.com and its content.
M
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking policy
This policy outlines the ICAEW’s position on modern slavery and human trafficking.
Member privacy notice
This privacy notice provides information on how we collect, use and retain personal data relating to our ICAEW members.
N
O
One Moorgate Place - Events
Terms and conditions guiding the hiring of One Moorgate Place for events. Last updated: 5 June 2020
One Moorgate Place Terms of Use
Terms of Use of OMP Club by Employees of Corporate Members and their Guests
One Moorgate Place Standard terms of payment
OMP Standard terms of payment
P
Payment of fines, costs and orders
Terms and conditions for the payment of disciplinary and investigation fines and costs; and regulatory orders, consent orders and costs.
Privacy notice
This privacy notice provides information on how we use your personal data.
Q
R
Refund policy
Outlining how to cancel your order and claim your refund.
Regulatory fees terms and conditions
Terms and conditions that apply to payment of audit, DPB and insolvency fees.
Reproducing ICAEW content
All ICAEW material is copyright protected and must not be copied or reproduced without consent.
Regulated, licensed and quality assured individuals privacy notice
This statement provides information on how we collect, use and retain personal data relating to our regulated, assured, registered, licensed and authorised individuals, our customers and partners.
Recruitment policy
ICAEW recruitment policy. Updated September 2019
S
Speaker terms and conditions
ICAEW's terms and conditions for Speakers can be found on this page
Separate Controller Data Sharing Schedule
Last updated: 26 January 2018
Sponsorship Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions apply (the “Terms”) to the provision of the Sponsorship Services specified in one or more Work Orders agreed between the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (“ICAEW”) and the Sponsor (as named on the Work Order).
Sponsorship Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions apply (the “Terms”) to the provision of the Sponsorship Services specified in one or more Work Orders agreed between the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (“ICAEW”) and the Sponsor (as named on the Work Order).
Student Privacy Notice
This Student Privacy Notice provides information on how we collect, use and retain personal data for ICAEW students and how we manage the student journey and should be read in conjunction with the Privacy Notice.
Staff Pensions Fund privacy notice
The trustee, F.C.. Ltd, collects and processes personal data relating to members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants Staff Pensions Fund (the scheme) in order to pay the pensions and associated benefits from the scheme.
T
Talent programme terms and conditions
Last updated: 11 April 2018
U
V-Z
Website links policy
Detailing how to create links to ICAEW's website for organisations, students and members.
Website accessibility
The ICAEW website has been designed to be accessible to a wide ranging audience, including people with sight and hearing impairments.
Website and email privacy notice
The website and email privacy notice refers to personal data processed from users of the ICAEW website and email solutions.
Webinar/podcast terms and conditions
Last updated 20 March 2018
Virtual Learning Environment
The technical requirements to access our virtual learning system.
#
Home
Coronavirus
Membership
Learn
Careers
ACA students
Resources
Communities
Insights
Regulation