http://www.taxtrimmers.com/noindex/privacy.shtml
Home   Newsletter Archive   Introducing Our Firm   Articles   FAQ   Need Help?   Other Resources
Michael Gray, CPA's Privacy Policy
We collect information about you, our visitors, at our website in order that we may serve you better. We only collect information about you through the forms on our website and generic information gathered by our hosting companies and Google Analytics - not through cookies or javascript.
We don't collect or look at individual IP addresses, but we do count our visitors and look at where they found our website. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.
This site contains links to other sites.
Michael Gray, CPA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we collect only your email address and store in on our website server, in a password-protected file. Our virtual domain is hosted by Tiger Techologies. If you send us an email, we may collect your name and email address and store this information in our office database and save your message in our email program.
The information we collect is used for our internal purposes only. We will not sell the information to third parties. The only information you will receive from us will be what you requested and possibly a few special offers for our services and special reports relating to the information you requested.
This site makes answers to frequently asked questions available to its users.
Please remember that any questions sent to us and the information they contain becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
We want you to feel comfortable sharing your personal information with us. We will not barrage you with unsolicited mail or email. If you subscribe to our newsletter, you will not receive any information from us except our newsletter and any corrections, special reports, and special offers for new products or upcoming seminars. If you send us email, we may answer your question and send you follow-up information about it.
We will store all information you send us indefinitely, unless you request us to remove or change it. If you request your name to be removed, we will do so. Email us at dgsiemer@taxtrimmers.com. If you subscribed to our newsletter, you may also remove your address by clicking the link at the bottom of any message we send you or fill out the form on our website using the "unsubscribe" option.
We will notify subscribers of our newsletter of any changes to our privacy policy, and also post the changes here.
Home
Newsletter Archive
Introducing Michael Gray, CPA
Articles
Tax FAQ
Need Help?
Other Links
Michael Gray, CPA
2482 Wooding Ct.
San Jose,
CA
95128
(408) 918-3162
FAX: (408) 938-0610
email: mgray@taxtrimmers.com
Hours:
8am - 5pm PDT Monday - Friday
Find us on Facebook
Follow me on Twitter
Connect on LinkedIn
Connect on Google+
Our Blog
Subscribe to Michael Gray, CPA's Tax & Business Insight
Name:
Email:
We respect your email privacy
Powered by AWeber Email Marketing