http://www.shredquick.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Click To Call
Effective Date:  September 27, 2019
This privacy policy notice discloses the privacy practices for ShredQuick and our website; https://shredquick.com.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
·      What information we collect;
·      With whom it is shared;
·      How it can be corrected;
·      How it is secured;
·      How policy changes will be communicated; and
·      How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email or text in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
·         See what data we have about you, if any.
·         Change/correct any data we have about you.
·         Have us delete any data we have about you.
·         Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Orders We request information from you on our order form. To receive service from us, you must provide contact information (like name and address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your service request. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Sharing We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-866-934-3300 or via email at info@shredquick.com.
Click To Call
Request a Quote
Complete the Form for a Guaranteed Shredding Quote in 5 Minutes or Less
CompanyName*Phone*Email*
ZIP*Service Options*Service OptionsOne-Time Document ShreddingRecurring Document ShreddingHard Drive DestructionComputer RecyclingDetails of Your Request*
Locations & Phone
Toll-Free: 866-934-3300
Bradenton: 941-755-2600
Ft.Myers: 239-332-5900
Orlando: 407-282-0202
St.Petersburg: 727-895-9700
Tampa: 813-910-3300
Ocala: 352-366-0051