http://www.cds-limited.com/english/privacy-policy/
Language: English
English
Deutsch
italiano
français
español
Home
Products
Where We Export
Resources
About
FAQ
Contact us
News
info@cds-limited.com
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how CDS Bearings & Seals/CDS Limited uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website.
CDS is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
CDS may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25 May 2018.
What we collect.
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Geographic information such as your country or postcode
Any other information you provide when using our contact-us pages
What we do with the information we gather.
The primary purpose for holding your data is for shipment delivery. To this end, when you place an order we will provide the necessary information to courier companies who may hold that information in their systems and who are responsible for the security of the the information that they retain.
We may also use this information to help us understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by mail, email or phone.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We will never provide your information to a third party for any reason without your express permission. If you place an order with us then you agree to our providing a third party with your information solely for delivery purposes.
We will never sell your information.
Security.
We are committed to ensuring that the information we hold about you is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Viewing, changing or removing your information.
At any time you can:
request a statement of the information we hold about you.
request that we correct or change any of your information.
request that we remove your information from our systems.
Please visit our Contact Us webpage which contains our address, phone and email details.
Links to other websites.
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Copyright 2020 Complete Design Solutions Ltd. Registered Company 2934773. All Rights Reserved
Registered address: Complete Design Solutions Ltd, PO Box 9698, Nottingham, United Kingdom
Website Design by CSL Web
Home
FAQ
Cookie policy
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Contact us