https://www.pmthink.com/terms-and-conditions/
Press "Enter" to skip to content
Terms And Conditions
Welcome To PmThink!
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of PmThink.com Website.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use PmThink.com ’s website if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of France. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
COOKIES
We employ the use of cookies. By using PmThink.com ’s website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with PmThink.com ’s privacy policy.
Most of the modern day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies.
USER COMMENTS
Certain parts of this website offer the opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions, information, material and data (‘Comments’) in areas of the website. PmThink.com does not screen, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their appearance on the website and Comments do not reflect the views or opinions of PmThink.com, its agents or affiliates. Comments reflect the view and opinion of the person who posts such view or opinion. To the extent permitted by applicable laws PmThink.com shall not be responsible or liable for the Comments or for any loss cost, liability, damages or expenses caused and or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website.
PmThink.com reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which it considers in its absolute discretion to be inappropriate, offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms and Conditions.
You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;
The Comments do not infringe any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark, or other proprietary right of any third party;
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material or material which is an invasion of privacy
The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
CREDIT & CONTACT INFORMATION
This Terms and conditions page was created at termsandconditionstemplate.com generator. If you have any queries regarding any of our terms, please contact us.
Search for:
About PmThink! PmThink! is a Project Management Blog dedicated to professionals seeking to improve their skills in managing effectively and efficiently their projects.
Recent Posts
How to Establish Project Office Development Effectively ?
How to Effectively Implement Project Cost Estimation ?
How To Implement Process Realignment ?
A Guide To Effective Portfolio Governance
5 Ways For A Successful PMO Reinvention
ADVERTISEMENT
Categories
Portfolio Management
Project Management
Project Management Office
Strategic Planning