http://www.interiordesignforce.com/privacy
COOKIES ON THE INTERIOR DESIGN FORCE WEBSITE
Interior Design Force has updated its cookie policy. The website uses cookies to ensure that you get the best experience when exploring the website. This includes any cookies from third party websites, such as if you visit a page which contains embedded content from social media. If you continue viewing the website, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Interior Design Force website. For more information please read our Privacy Policy
Disallow
Continue
OPEN MENU
HOME
ABOUT US
RESIDENTIAL
HOSPITALITY
CONTACT
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
This privacy policy together with the terms of use is intended to inform you how we use any personal information about you collected whilst browsing and using this website, www.interiordesignforce.com and all content within.
What Information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you first land on the Creative Design Force Interiors website (www.interiordesignforce.com) and any page within the site. This information is collected and stored as website cookies on your computer and also into Google Analytics so that we can track demographics of the site to better serve users.
We keep all information entered into the site indefinitely unless a user asks for their data to be removed or updated, we do this so that we have record of all past enquiries. Users that have subscribed to the newsletter have their details kept so that all future marketing promotions are received.
What are Cookies?
In common with other commercial websites, our Site utilises a standard technology called “cookies”. A cookie is a very small text document which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies.
Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but, in order to protect your privacy, your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our Site.
For further information and for details on how to remove and turn off cookie access, please visit www.aboutcookies.org or www./support.google.com/accounts/answer.
Cookies on our site
As you browse our Site, the Site uses its cookies to differentiate you from other users to prevent you from seeing unnecessary information or requiring you to re-enter information more often than is necessary.
The main cookies used are created from Google Analytics, these track your IP address to allow us to find out information such as the age range of our users, location, page views, traffic source, operating system, browser type and device usage. All of this information is used to then improve the site by making updates, for example perhaps promoting less viewed web pages, extend our reach to different geographical locations or update our mobile view if more and more people are using mobile devices
Our site also contains ASP cookies that remember certain elements of the pages that a user has already been on, therefore when revisiting the page it loads much quicker. These cookies hold no personal information but help improve the websites performance.
To see more information regarding what cookies Google Analytics puts in place and the entirety of all data it can monitor, click here www.developers.google.com/analytics.
Your rights
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some, or all of your personal information, please send an email to bob@interiordesignforce.com.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We inform you before collecting your data if we intend to use your data for such purposes . You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us.
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from other websites, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
You may opt out of the automated collection of information by third-party ad networks for the purpose of delivering advertisements tailored to your interests, by visiting the opt-out your Google Display Network ads’ preferences at www.google.com/ads/preferences/.
It is important that all the personal information you give us when you register as a member or otherwise when you use the Site is correct and accurate. This includes, by way of example only, ensuring that we have your correct contact (including e-mail) details at all times.
Data breaches
The dedicated server space running this website features security and maintenance patches weekly to ensure that the website is running at peak performance when dealing with information handling. The server houses specialised firewall settings and DDoS protection to stop any malicious attempts activity. The databases holding any collected data behind the website are completely secured too.
In the unlikely event that any personal data is lost, stolen or otherwise mistreated we will endeavour to detect, report and investigate all aspects of the breach within the legal 72 hours of the breach. We will contact any persons whose data may have been affected and put measures in place to stop any future breaches in the same way.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by E-Mail.
By continuing to access our Site after any change is posted, you agree to any such change to our Privacy Policy and site usage agreement. If you do not agree with such changes, you should stop using our Site.
How to contact us
If you need to contact us about any of the above, please use the contact details below for all enquiries.
Address - 39-08 24th Street, Long Island City, NY 111011
Telephone - 718-433-214
Fax - 718-433-2167
E-Mail - bob@interiordesignforce.com
Open