http://www.nafcu.org/privacy-policy
Federal Advocacy
Top Issues
ADA Website LitigationCECLRegulatory ReliefCFPB ImprovementsData Privacy and SecurityMember Business LendingMore »
2021 Advocacy Priorities
Congressional Testimony
Letters & Comments
NAFCU/PAC
Proposed Regulation
Grassroots Action Center
Education & Certification
By Role
Board & Supervisory CommitteesCompliance, Risk & BSAExecutive LeadershipGrowth & MarketingOperations
Certifications and Training Certificates
Conferences
Online Training
Search All Educational Resources
Compliance Assistance
Compliance Hot Topics
Overdraft LitigationCybersecurityHMDAMilitary Lending Act2016 Mortgage Servicing Rules & TRIDDisaster Recovery ResourcesEquifax Data Breach Resources
Compliance Calendar
Compliance Guides & Manuals
Compliance Policy Sharing
Final Regulation Summaries
Newsletters & Blog
Ask NAFCU Compliance
Search All Compliance Resources
Data & Tools
Featured Reports
Economic and CU Research Enewsletter Macroeconomic Data Flash Reports Salary Comparison ReportShare Insurance Fund Analysis & ForecastCredit Union Federal Tax Exemption StudyCECL Study: Alternatives, Impacts, Accuracy, and ComplexityMore »
Benchmark & Research Tools
Financial CalCUlators
Data Sources
Contribute Your Data
Preferred Partners
Solutions
InsuranceRewards ProgramTechnologyVendor ManagementLendingRetirement & Financial PlanningMore »
Partner Directory
Partner News
Become a Preferred Partner
NAFCU Services Blog
About NAFCU Services
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
NAFCU ("us," "we" or "our") has implemented this Web Site Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") in order to explain how we use information that may be obtained from our members and visitors who choose to use our Web site ("Site"). If you do not agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy, you should refrain from using our Site.
1. Types of Information Collected
A. Traffic Data Collected. We automatically track and collect certain information when you visit our Site, including your: (a) Internet provider address; (b) domain server; (c) type of computer; and (d) type of web browser (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the content and services of the Site. We also use "cookies" to store your password and login information so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site. A cookie is a small-encrypted data string which our Web server transfers to your hard drive to enhance the transfer of information, but which does not access or alter any data on your hard drive.
B. Personal Information Collected. In order for you to access member services and to acquire products and services that we offer via the Site, we require you to provide us with information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information may include: (a) Personal Contact Data (such as your name, job title, company name, telephone number, mailing and e-mail addresses); (b) Financial Data (such as your credit card number); and (c) Demographic Data (such as your zip code or membership type). If you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin boards or forums, or otherwise complete online forms, or surveys, or use our conference apps, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.
C. Member Information Collected. Certain information on each NAFCU member will be collected and maintained on the Site in membership directories. This information includes Member Contact Data (such as the name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number of your organization).
2. Uses of Information Collected
We use Personal Contact Data to send you information about NAFCU, our products and services, promotional material from some of our partners, confirmation of orders, or to contact you when necessary. We make Member Contact Data available to other NAFCU members and our partners to send you promotional materials and notices. We use your Financial Data to verify your qualifications for certain products or services and to bill you for products and services. We use your Demographic Data to customize and tailor your experience on the Site; displaying content that we think you might be interested in and according to your preferences.
Display Advertising, Remarketing & Audience Data
NAFCU uses Display Advertising to serve relevant offers to our website visitors.
You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Preferences Manager: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet.
NAFCU and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website.
NAFCU uses data from Google's Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) with Google Analytics.
NAFCU uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.
3. Sharing of Personal and Member Information
We share Demographic Data with advertisers and other third parties only on an aggregate basis. We share Member Contact Data with other NAFCU members and companies who may want to send you information about their products and services, including conference sponsors and preferred providers of NAFCU Services Corporation. We may share Contact Data with companies who may want to send you information about their products or services, including conference sponsors and preferred providers of NAFCU Services Corporation. If you do not want us to share your Personal Contact Data with any third parties, please e-mail our Member Service Center at info@nafcu.org.
4. User Choice Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of Personal Information
You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use portions of the Site; however you will not be able to access and use those portions of the Site that require your Personal Information, including those portions accessible only to NAFCU members. If you do not wish to receive information and promotional material from us or from some of our partners, you may e-mail our Member Service Center at info@nafcu.org.
5. Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce our Terms of Service. Your Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. We provide you with the capability to transmit your Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels if you use a similarly equipped web browser.
6. User Ability to Access, Update and Correct Personal Information
In order to ensure that all of your Personal Information is correct and up-to-date, at any time you may visit your personal profile available through the Membership section of our Web site. Through your personal profile you may: (a) review and update your Personal Information that we have already collected; (b) choose whether or not you wish us to send you information about NAFCU, or promotional material from some of our partners; or (c) choose whether or not you wish us to share some of your Personal Information with third parties.
7. Credit Card Information
We do not disclose credit card account information you provide when you choose to make payment with a credit card. All credit card information is submitted to a secure clearinghouse for processing. We do not keep full credit card numbers in our database.
8. Lost or Stolen Information
You must promptly notify us if your user name or password is lost or used without permission. In such an event, we will cancel that user name or password and update our records accordingly.
9. Links to Other Sites
The Site contains links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We also make discussion forums available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information.
10. Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
11. Questions
Questions concerning our Privacy Policy may be e-mailed to digital@nafcu.org.