http://www.pop.us/privacy-policy/#your-california-privacy-rights
POP Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement
Effective Date: 12/19/2018
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of POP, Inc. ("POP", “us”, “we" or “our”) regarding the collection and use of information about you through the Web site located at wearepop.com, however this website is accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices, or otherwise ("Website"). This Privacy Policy applies only to information gathered online through the Website. It does not apply to our other services (e.g., WordFly), to information that you may submit to us offline, or to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link.
POP may modify the provisions of this Privacy Policy from time to time. The new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted. Your continued use of the Website following posting of the changes will mean that you accept those changes. Please check this page periodically to ensure that you are aware of any change.
By visiting our Website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website.
Types of information we gather
POP collects personal identifiable information ("Personal Information") from you under the following circumstances:
When you sign up to receive e-mail newsletters from us
When you request additional information, customer service or other assistance
When you participate in special events in conjunction with your employment inquiries or applications
When you participate on social media accounts involving POP properties
Any other place on the Website where you knowingly volunteer Personal Information
In addition, when you interact with the Website, our servers may keep an activity log that does not identify you individually ("Non-Personal Information"). Generally, we collect the following categories of Non-Personal Information:
We may collect certain demographic data such as age, gender, and five digit zip code as part of collecting Personal Information.
We collect and store certain device information about your computer, mobile device, or other device that you use to access the Website. This information may include IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information.
We automatically log certain usage information about your use of the Website. This information includes a reading history of the pages you view.
We collect and store additional "traffic data" such as time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, access times, and referring website addresses.
We collect and store your search terms and search results when using the search function on the Website.
How we use information we gather about you
We use your Personal and Non-Personal Information (collectively, “Information”) in the following ways:
For editorial purposes
Respond to your inquiries
Communicate with you about changes to our features, products, services, operations, practices and policies
Personalize content and experiences on our Website, including providing you recommendations based on your preferences
Send you newsletters and information by e-mail or other medium
Process your employment application
Optimize, customize and/or improve our features, products, services, operations, practices and policies
Research and development
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Website and their usage and browsing patterns
Manage our business
We reserve the right to merge or co-mingle information collected elsewhere with your Information collected through the Website for any lawful business purpose.
How we share your information
We will share your Information with third parties only in the ways described in this Privacy Policy.
We occasionally use third-party vendors, service providers and contractors to perform functions such as marketing, analytics, recruiting, providing customer service, etc., on our behalf. These entities have access to the Information needed to perform their functions.
We may also use or disclose your Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Website; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Website or our users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents or the users of the Website or the public.
We will use or disclose Non-Personal Information as we determine in our sole discretion.
Tracking Technologies; Social Media Features; and Do Not Track (DNT)
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts are used by POP and our analytics providers. These technologies are used for analyzing trends, administering the Website, remember users’ settings, authentication purposes, tracking users’ movements around the Website, to gather demographics about our user base as a whole, and for research and marketing purposes to help us better serve our clients. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g., language preferences) and for authentication purposes. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you usually can modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your browser to decline cookies, then some features of the Website may not be available or work as designed.
The Website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets and interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the Privacy Policy of the company providing it.
We do not currently support any browser based Do Not Track (DNT) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks, and we do not assign any meaning to any potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our information collection or use practices in response to such signals.
Links
The Website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of POP. POP does not control the privacy practices of these other sites. If you submit Information to any of those other sites, such Information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Security
POP protects your Personal Information with several security measures. In addition to normal precautions such as physical security and firewalls, we have internal security policies that govern the use of data collected on this Website. Nevertheless, because no data transmission is completely secure, and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of your Information.
In the unlikely event that we believe the security of your Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If notification is appropriate, we may notify you by e-mail, push notification, or otherwise via your device used to access the Website.
Children under 13
This Website is not targeted to children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not use this Website.
Published in the United States
The Website is published in the United States and is subject to laws of the United States. If you are located in a country outside the United States and use the Website, you thereby consent to the general use of your Information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that Information to, and/or storage of that Information in, the United States.
Information sharing and disclosure to new owners
We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Website. We may also sell certain assets associated with the Website. As a result, please be aware that in such event we may transfer some or all of your Information to a company acquiring all or part of our assets or to another company with which we have merged. In such event, your Information may be subject to a different privacy policy, which we will make available on our Website.
Information for Users in Europe and Elsewhere Outside of the United States
If you use the Website outside of the United States, you understand that we may collect, process, and store your personal data in the United States and other countries. The laws in the U.S. regarding personal information may be different from the laws of your state or country. Any such transfers will comply with safeguards as required by relevant law. If applicable, you may have a right to claim compensation for damages caused by a breach of relevant data protection laws.
Users in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland
If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, the following information applies with respect to personal data collected through your use of our Website.
Purposes of processing and legal bases for processing
We process personal data consistent with our disclosures in this Privacy Policy. We process personal data on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent or (2) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the Website where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms related to data privacy.
Right to lodge a complaint
Users that reside in the EEA or Switzerland have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the supervisory authority concerned. Contact details for data protection authorities are available here.
Transfers
Personal information we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates or subcontractors maintain facilities. POP will ensure that transfers of personal information to a non-EEA country or an international organization are subject to appropriate safeguards.
Your Rights
You are entitled to the rights under Chapter III of the EU General Data Protection Regulation or Section 2 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection with respect to the processing of your personal data, which include the right to access and rectify your personal data and to request erasure of your personal data. To exercise these rights, contact us at the address below.
EEA Representative
If you are a Data Protection Authority in the EEA with questions about this Privacy Policy or POP, please contact us directly as described under Privacy Questions and Complaints section below. Alternatively, you can contact our EEA Representative at the following address, who will forward your correspondence to us:
EEA GDPR Representative
Condé Nast International
The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street
London, WC2N 6HT
EEArep@condenastint.com
Note: If you do not represent a Data Protection Authority in the EEA, please do not use the address above, but instead direct your question(s) to us as described directly below.
EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shields
POP has certified to and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. POP has certified to the FTC that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
POP is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. POP complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU or Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, POP is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, POP may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described at www.privacyshield.gov/welcome, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Privacy questions and complaints
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, if you would like to opt-out of receiving e-mail messages and newsletters from POP, or if you believe that POP has erroneous or incomplete Information about you, please contact us at: info@wearepop.com.
POP, Inc.
1326 5th Ave
Suite 800
Seattle, WA 98101
USA
Phone: 206-728-7997
Your California privacy rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of POP who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of their Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to info@wearepop.com.