http://www.phmediagroup.co.uk/cookie-policy
Home
Portfolio
Contact
Careers
CSR
Blog
Client Login
PHMG Cookie Policy
Cookies help us to personalise your experience on this website.
About Cookies
Cookies are tiny pieces of information that a website transfers to the cookie file on your computer’s hard drive. They’re designed to remember things that you’ve done on the website in the past, which can include putting products in your basket, logging in, or clicking on links. For more information about cookies and how to delete them from your computer (including those stored from this website), please visit www.aboutcookies.org.
For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile device, please refer to your handset manual.
Cookies are not dangerous. They aren’t computer programs and can’t be used to circulate viruses.
How this website uses cookies
The cookies on this website are used for the following purposes:
Identifying you when you sign in to our site
This allows us to provide you with customised features and services. However, we will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you or pass any such information to third parties.
Google Analytics
This web analytics service provided by Google helps us to analyse how users use this website. In turn, this enables us to improve our service to you. Find out more information about how this service uses cookies on the Google Privacy Site.
Security to protect you and prevent fraudulent activity
Cookies may be used to ensure your interaction with this website remains secure and no external users are able to impersonate your user details or gain access to your sensitive information.
Improving Security
Cookies may be used to help us improve your online security when you access this website.
AdInsight
AdInsight is an analytics tool that is used to help us analyse how you use our website to improve our customer experience.
Details of cookies used on this website
ASP.NET_SessionId This cookie contains the user's session ID and will expire at the end of the session (when you close your browser). It is unique per user and is used for referencing parameter values which are unique for each user.
__utma This cookie is typically written to the computer upon the first visit from a web browser. It is used by Google Analytics to determine unique visitors and is updated with each page view. Additionally, this cookie is provided with a unique ID that Google Analytics uses to ensure both the validity and accessibility of the cookie as an extra security measure.
__utmb This cookie is used by Google Analytics to establish and continue a user session. When a user views a page, the Google Analytics code attempts to update this cookie. If it does not find the cookie, a new one is written and a new session is established. Each time a user visits a different page, this cookie is updated to expire in 30 minutes, thus continuing a single session for as long as user activity continues within 30-minute intervals. This cookie expires when a user pauses on a page on the site for longer than 30 minutes.
__utmc This cookie belongs to Google Analytics, and operates in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether or not to establish a new session for the user. It will expire when the user exits the browser.
__utmz This cookie belongs to Google Analytics, and stores the type of referral used by the visitor to reach your site; whether via a direct method, a referring link, a website search, or a campaign such as an ad or an email link. It is used to calculate search engine traffic, ad campaigns and page navigation within the site. The cookie is updated with each page view.
.ASPXAUTH Our website uses a Content Management System (CMS) called Sitefinity, which uses this cookie to allow authorised users to login to our website. It is a session cookie, so it is created each time you visit our website and removed when you leave and no personal information is stored in it.
adiV The adiV cookie contains an identifier which is used by AdInsight to track a visitor over time. This allows AdInsight to show multiple visits made by a customer over time from the same browser. This cookie is set to expire 1 year after the visitor leaves the website.
adiVi The adiVi cookie contains an identifier which is used by AdInsight to help track a visitors path while they are on the website. This cookie is set to expire 30 minutes after the visitor leaves the website.
adiLP The adiLP cookie is used to help track visitors who have multiple tabs open in the same browser to prevent errors in tracking.
What happens if I opt out of all cookies?
If you opt out of all cookies set by this website, you may experience problems accessing certain features and services. However, you’ll still be able to browse this website.
If you disable Flash cookies, you will not be able to watch some of the videos that may be shown on this website.
You can opt out of cookies at any time by clicking here.
Further information about online privacy
For further information on how PHMG stores and processes data see our Privacy Policy and our Data Retention Policy.
youronlinechoices.eu
This website provides information about how behavioural advertising works, further information about cookies and the steps you can take to protect your privacy on the internet.
aboutcookies.org
This website provides further general information about cookies as well as how to disable cookies in all popular browsers.
networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
This website provides a tool allowing users to opt out of behavioural advertising delivered by its member companies.