http://www.heatsmarter.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We know your privacy is important, which is why Calienté maximizes your control over the disclosure of your own personally identifiable information. Through transparency, accountability, and adhering to legal standards, we optimize your online experience and ensure that your data is protected. Please note that by using our website, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
We aggregate personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information. In some cases, you may not be able to access all parts of a website if you do not fill out voluntary information (i.e. login credentials).
Personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited to, the following data:
First name and last name
Username and password
Email address
Phone number
Street address
Country of residence
Depending on your site usage (e.g. report download, etc.), you might not need to provide some of the aforementioned information.
Non-personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited to, the following data:
Device information (OS type or browser type)
Internet Protocol (IP) address
Browser device (i.e. laptop or mobile)
Usage (pages viewed, amount of time on page, exit URLs, etc.)
Preferred language
Location
Cookie ID
Anonymous data is collected through tools such as cookies, which are text files that collect standard login and user behavior information. Cookies enable you to stay logged in to your account and receive customized web pages based on your past site behavior.
How We Collect Information
The following events are some ways in which we would collect your information:
Account registration
Request for product, service, or information
Customer survey response
How We Use Information
The following events are some ways in which we would use your data to optimize user experience:
Processing orders and requests
Sending relevant information (product information, policy updates, event announcements, etc.)
Responding to your questions and concerns
Offering personalized promotions
Providing products and services
Providing more individualized customer service
Remembering your user preferences (language, content, etc.)
Conducting site improvements
Please note that in the event of a sale involving a substantial portion of our business assets, customer information might be among those transferred assets.
Business Partner and Third Party Access
If we work with business partners and third parties regarding your data, these entities are only granted access to your information to the extent in which they can do their jobs. They may perform some of the following functions on our behalf:
Providing promotional materials
Email contact
Data management
Credit card and payment processing
Customer service
Business partners and third-parties may also wish to extend special offers to you on their behalf. In this event, we may use your personal information to assist them in offering you products, services, and information. Additionally, we may act as an intermediary, such as sending you an email on their behalf.
Other than for the specific purposes set forth in this privacy policy, we will not disclose your personal information to any third parties unless we obtain your prior consent, or are legally compelled to do so. In addition, we will not contact you without your permission except as specified above, or in connection with registration purposes.
How We Protect Your Information
We have a several protocols in place when it comes to protecting your sensitive information whether you enter, submit, or access it. In the case that your sensitive information is written down, your record is stored in the offices of Calienté and destroyed when no longer needed.
When you submit your information through an online form, we offer a secure server. The information you provide during an online transaction is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. You can identify our SSL certificate in the website address bar, which will contain a lock icon and https:// at the beginning of the website address.
Privacy Agreement
This policy may change at any time and will be updated on this website. We encourage you to check for policy updates regularly, and if you do not agree with this or any revised policy, we ask that you exit the website immediately.
If you have any questions about our company’s privacy policy, or would like any currently collected data removed, please do not hesitate to contact us.
"Calienté always performs at a very high level of customer service; be it in the form of a purchase order confirmation and/or response time of product quotations. Calienté understands their customer's needs related to lead time mitigation and provision of best price points, both key elements of being successful in the 21st century marketplace."
Key Telecom Customer