http://www.baldor.com/legal/terms-of-use
Print
Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms and Conditions of use
By accessing this site, you accept the following Terms and Conditions. You are only authorized to use the site and its services if you agree to abide by all applicable laws and to these Terms and Conditions.
2. Copyright
Permission to use, copy and distribute the documentation published by ABB Group on this World Wide Web server is hereby granted on the condition that each copy contains this copyright notice in its entirety and that no part of the documentation is used for commercial purposes but restricted to use for information purposes within an organization.
3. Accuracy of information provided
All information published on this website is provided as is without any representation or warranty of any kind either express or implied including but not limited to implied warranties for merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Any ABB documentation may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes and additions may be made by ABB from time to time to any information contained herein.
4. User-submitted information
Certain parts of the site contain information submitted by visitors of the site. Examples are discussion forums and comments on blog postings.
4.1. ABB's responsibility for user-submitted information
The site acts as a passive channel for online distribution of user-submitted information. ABB will not screen information in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring posted material. The user-submitted information does not reflect ABB's views and ABB does not have any obligation to monitor, edit, or review any user-submitted information. ABB assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the user-submitted information.
We may store and process information submitted by users on our site in any country in which ABB or our hosting providers maintain facilities. By using our services, you consent to the transfer of information you submit among these facilities, including those located outside your country.
4.2. Appropriate conduct when submitting information
Information submitted by you must be correct and avoid language and content which may be regarded as inappropriate by other users. All information entered must be in compliance with local laws.
You are responsible for your own conduct and communications and for any consequences thereof. You agree to use the site only to send and receive messages and material that are legal, proper and related to the context.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using the site, you will not:
(a) defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
(b) upload, post or otherwise make available any inappropriate, defamatory, obscene, or unlawful content;
(c) upload, post or otherwise make available any content that infringes any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary right of any party, unless you are the owner of the rights, or have the permission of the owner or other legal justification to use such content;
(d) upload, post or otherwise make available any other content, message, or communication prohibited by applicable law, the Terms and Conditions or any other applicable policies or guidelines;
(e) download any file posted by another that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner;
(f) impersonate another person or entity, or falsify or delete any author attributions or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of Content, software or other material;
(g) promote or provide instructional information about illegal activities;
(h) promote physical harm or injury against any group or individual; or
(i) transmit any viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, or any items of a destructive nature.
4.3. Abusive user-submitted information
Any user can report incorrect, misleading or abusive information or content which does not conform to these Terms and Conditions by contacting the system administrators using the link provided.
ABB reserves the right to remove or change user-submitted information which violates these Terms and Conditions without any liability to the user. ABB reserves the right to expel users and prevent their further access to the service for violating the Terms and Conditions or the law.
4.4. Your rights
ABB claims no ownership or control over any content submitted by you. You or a third party licensor, as appropriate, retain all patent, trademark and copyright to any information you submit and you are responsible for protecting those rights. By submitting information, you grant ABB a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to reproduce, adapt and publish the information for the purpose of display and distribution. This license terminates when such information is deleted from the website.
5. Privacy
ABB considers privacy an important issue, so we build and operate our web services with the protection of privacy taken into account. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for details.
6. Acceptance
By viewing videos hosted on YouTube, you accept YouTube's Terms of Service, Privacy Notice, and Community Guidelines applicable to your geographic location, and all other terms and conditions that generally apply to the YouTube website.