http://www.glycologic.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
Home
About
Management
Team
Carbohydrates
Technology Platform
Current Trials and Updates
Resources
Contact
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
There are various technologies, including one called "cookies" which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a website. A cookie is a small text file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. The only personal information a cookie can obtain is information a user supplies him or herself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk and cookie files cannot be shared between sites.
In line with the UK ICC compliance with EU Cookie regulations we only utilise strictly necessary and performance cookies. The cookies we utilise contain no information which can personally identify a visitor nor is the information distributed, shared or sold. The cookies we utilise are solely for our own internal records to improve how the website operates. This is achieved by logging information on visitor behavior by issuing randomly generated session numbers and hits associated with these session numbers which enable us to recognise subsequent requests.
After a period of inactivity, your session will time-out and subsequent visits to the website will be identified with a new session number, visitor preferences are therefore not maintained across visits.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off on your web browser, although you need to have cookies enabled to successfully use interactive functionality within our site. To disable the use of Cookies in your browser please refer to the "help" facility within your browser for assistance.
If you require any further information on our use of Cookies please contact us.
Website Usage Data
With or without cookies, our website keeps track of usage data, such as the source address that the page request is coming from (i.e. your IP address, domain name), date and time of the page request, the referring website (if any) and other parameters in the URL (eg search criteria). We use this data to better understand website usage so we know what areas of our website users prefer. This information is stored in log files and is used for aggregated and statistical reporting but is not attributed to you as an individual.
Security
We recognise industry standards and employ security safeguards to protect information from unauthorised access and misuse. We use the most accurate and current information you provide in order to process your request. Furthermore, whenever you transmit sensitive information such as billing or credit card information to us through our website we provide you access to our secure server that allows encryption across the internet. This is done to help protect you from unauthorised use of the information you are sending to our server.
User Submissions
Please do not post confidential or proprietary information to our website. Any material, information or any other communication you transmit or post to our website (other than your personal information) will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary unless we are advised to the contrary and we will have no liability for it. We will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the communications in all data, images, sound, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. Users of our website are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this site any unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic or other material that would violate any law.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may edit this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our website.
Tel: +44 141 331 8514
Fax: +44 141 331 8079
Glycologic Limited
70 Cowcaddens Road, Glasgow
G4 0BA, Scotland, UK
info@glycologic.co.uk
Company Information
Operating Address: 70 Cowcaddens Road, Glasgow, G4 0BA
Registered Business Address: 1 George Square, Glasgow, G2 1AL
Company No: SC198210
VAT No: 789 8332 60
Privacy and Cookie Policy | Terms and Conditions
| Job Applicant Privacy Notice
Home
About
Management
Team
Carbohydrates
Technology Platform
Current Trials and Updates
Resources
Contact
Powered by gt4 Limited.
© Glycologic Limited, 2002 - 2020. All rights reserved.
Icons designed by Freepik.