https://www.qs1.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
QS/1 Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to QS/1 (“we,” “our”), a registered trademark of RedSail Technologies™, LLC. We are committed to keeping your information safe and have developed a Privacy Policy to ensure you understand how we collect, use, disclose, and store your personal information. The Privacy Policy applies to your interaction with this website only. Other affiliated websites or third-party companies have their own privacy policies. Please read the policy in its entirety to understand our privacy practices and our commitment to you. By using the QS/1 website, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
Personal Information We Collect
QS/1 collects
data, through our interactions with you and through our products. You provide
some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your
interactions, use, and experiences with our product solutions and services. The
data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with QS/1. Some information is
collected automatically through tracking, such as IP addresses, browser type,
operating system, computer vs. mobile device, regional location, and which
digital source led you to our website (another website, email, social media,
etc.) We collect First Name, Last Name, Email, City, State, Phone Number,
Pharmacy Name, Type of Pharmacy, sales timeframe, customer status, and any
personal message information provided to help with interaction.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that
can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use
cookies and similar technologies for storing and honoring your preferences and
settings, enabling you to sign in, providing interest-based advertising,
combating fraud, analyzing how our products perform, and fulfilling other
legitimate purposes. Cookies also allow us to monitor who visits our website
and for what purposes.
You can control the data collected by cookies and similar
technologies. For example, use controls in your internet browser to limit how
the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by
clearing or blocking cookies.
How We Use Personal Information
We use the information collected to:
Improve the content on our websiteCommunicate with you and respond to inquiries,
requests, and applicationsSend important noticesMarket and advertise our products and servicesTailor content, advertisements, and offers
over time and across multiple devicesConduct surveys and research
Sharing Personal Information
QS/1 does not sell personal information to third parties. All information collected is used for purposes within the RedSail Technologies’ brands only.
QS/1 has not
reviewed all the sites that may be linked to its sites and does not endorse and
is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other sites
linked to these sites. Your linking to such sites is at your own risk.
Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
Our website does not directly collect patient data. QS/1, its systems,
software, and networks are HIPAA compliant. For more information, click here.
Copyrights and Trademarks
All content and images used on this website are owned or licensed
by QS/1 or its
affiliates for use on this site only. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Names of QS/1 products and
services are trademarks of QS/1
or its affiliates, unless otherwise noted.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any
license or right under any QS/1
patent, copyright, or trademark.
Diversity Statement
QS/1 has made
a firm commitment to the promotion of diversity through all of its dimensions.
We recognize that in order to produce high-quality, innovative software
solutions for our customers, we need to ensure that our personnel represent
diversity in thought, experience, and personal background. Such diversity
within the workforce enhances the relevance and substance of our work and
ensures we are adhering to our guiding pillars of success.
How We Protect Your Information
QS/1 wants your personal information to remain as secure as reasonably possible. We use appropriate physical, technical, and administrative industry safeguards to protect information from unauthorized access, use, loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration. All of our web servers are protected by a high-security layer (Firewall) to prevent unauthorized access. All staff must abide by our Privacy Policy. Those who violate our Privacy Policy are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. Access by authorized personnel is controlled by secure authentication (i.e., an ID, encrypted password). Though we take reasonable measures, it is impossible to 100% guarantee security in all circumstances. If you have questions about security on our website, email our privacy officer at privacyofficer@redsailtechnologies.com.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are compliant with the requirements of the Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act (COPPA); we do not collect any information from anyone
under 13 years of age.
California Privacy Rights
This section applies only to California consumers. It describes
how we collect, use, and share California consumers’ personal information in
our role as a business, and the rights applicable to such residents. If you are
unable to access this Privacy Policy due to a disability or any physical or
mental impairment, please contact us and we will arrange to supply you with the
information you need in an alternative format.
For purposes of this section “personal information” has
the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
How We Collect, Use, and Share your Personal Information
We have collected the following statutory categories of personal information
in the past twelve (12) months:
Identifiers, such as Name, Company Name, Email
Address, Mailing Address, and Phone Number. We collect this information
directly from you or from third-party sources. Commercial information, such as Business
Type and Account ID is collected directly from you. Internet or network information, such as
browsing and search history, is collected directly from your device.
Geolocation data, such as IP address, is also directly collected from your
device.We do not collect any financial information,
such as payment information or financial account numbers through our website.
Any financial transactions are based on the individual customer’s contract
agreement. Other personal information, in instances when
you interact with us online, by phone or mail in the context of receiving help from
Client Services or other support/sales channels; participation in customer
surveys or contests; or in providing account service.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect this
information are described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section of
this Privacy Policy. We address the disclosure of this information for business
purposes in the “Sharing Personal Information” section of this Privacy Policy.
Your California Rights
You have certain rights regarding the personal information we
collect or maintain about you. Please note these rights are not absolute, and
there may be cases when we decline your request as permitted by law.
You have a right of access, which means you have the right to
request that we disclose what personal information we have collected, used, and
disclosed about you in the past 12 months.
You have the right of deletion, which means you have the right to
request that we delete personal information collected or maintained by us,
subject to certain exceptions.
You have the right to non-discrimination, meaning you will not
receive any discriminatory treatment when you exercise one of your privacy
rights.
QS/1 does not
sell personal information to third parties (pursuant to California Civil Code
§§ 1798.100–1798.199, also known as the California Consumer Privacy Act of
2018).
How to Exercise your California Rights
You can exercise your rights yourself or you can alternatively
designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Please
note that to protect your personal information, we will verify your identity by
a method appropriate to the type of request you make. We may also request that
your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your
behalf, and we may also need to verify your authorized agent’s identity to
protect your personal information.
How to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You have choices. Email marketing@redsailtechnologies.com or call Sales & Marketing at 866.548.9190 to update, correct, or remove personal data from our systems. We will respond to your request by email or written mail within one month of receipt.
Data Protection Officer Information
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our information-handling practices, or any other aspect of privacy and security of your personal information, please email privacyofficer@redsailtechnologies.com.
Customer Support Login
×
Username
Password
Remember Me
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
Click here to view our privacy policy.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Settings