http://www.wescom.org/privacy/online-privacy-notice.asp
Skip To Content
Maintenance Notification:
Due to scheduled maintenance, eBranch will be unavailable from 12/12, 10:00 P.M. PST to 12/13, 12:00 A.M. PST. We apologize for any inconvenience.
eBranch
Help/Options
New User
Forgot User ID
Reset My Account Access
Security Info
close
Learn more about eBranch
Home
Branches / ATMs
Rates
Mobile
About Us
Contact
VIEW MENU
Wescom Consumer Privacy Notice
CA Consumer Privacy Notice Form
CA Consumer Privacy Notice Form
*Name of Consumer:
*Address:
Mailing Address
*Phone:
Best Number to Contact
If you are not the Consumer making the request but rather an authorized agent of the Consumer, please state your full name:
(References to “you” or “your” mean Consumer, not the Consumer’s authorized agent.)
*Are you a member of Wescom Credit Union?
Yes
No
Please select all of the following that apply to your request:
Type of Request:
1) *Request to Know?
Yes
No
This includes categories of personal information we collect, categories of collection sources, purpose for collecting or selling information, categories of third parties we share information with, and specific pieces of information about you.
2) *Request to Delete Personal Information?
Yes
No
Within 10 days of your submission of this form, we will notify you of what we will need to verify your identity (if applicable).
*Required field.
Submit
If you are an authorized agent for the above referenced consumer, we will request a copy of your government issued identification card, and the source of your authority to act on behalf of the consumer (e.g., POA, letters of conservatorship, written instructions, etc.).
Additional details will be provided to you regarding what we need to verify you and your request within 10-days of your submission of this form.
Accounts
Loans
Investments
Insurance
Financial Calculators
Calculators
Financials
Events
Careers
Newsletters
Forms & Documents
FAQ