http://www.ags.com/privacy-policy
View all Latest News
About RRD
Careers
Events
Investors
Locations
Newsroom
Teams & Leadership
Contact
AGSFacility ServicesProductsFacility Contact
Home
Locations
AGS
AGS - Automated Graphic Systems
Our specialty is data. We leverage cutting-edge technology to deliver highly personalized communications. Whether you're an association looking to attract new members, a publisher looking to utilize high-speed digital inkjet technology or a healthcare organization that needs to comply with communications mandates, we can help you.
As an RRD company, we can provide you with a competitive advantage. Our depth and breadth of services is global, spanning 24 countries.CertificationsHIPAA
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) was created by the federal government to protect the privacy of individually identifiable health information. At AGS, client privacy is of the utmost importance. Every employee at AGS is required to obtain both HIPAA Awareness Training and HIPAA Security Training to ensure compliance with federal regulations.
SOC 2 COMPLIANCE
Developed by the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA), SOC 2 defines criteria for managing customer data based on five trust service principles: security, availability, processing integrity, confidentiality and privacy. The purpose of the SOC 2 report is to evaluate an organization’s information systems compliance with security, availability, processing integrity, and confidentiality, and privacy trust principles.
HITRUST
HITRUST is a privately held company that, in collaboration with healthcare, technology and information security leaders, has established a Common Security Framework (CSF) that can be used by all organizations that create, access, store or exchange sensitive and/or regulated data. The CSF includes a set of controls that companies can utilize to meet multiple regulations and standards.
FSC/SFI/PEFC
The Forest Stewardship Council (FSC), Sustainable Forest Initiative (SFI) and Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC) all promote responsible forest management, reforestation and continuous improvement in standards and practices. In addition, these independent organizations employ guidelines consistent with our sustainability principles to ensure customers of an environmentally sound sourcing process.
Location
AGS - Automated Graphic Systems4590 Graphics DrWhite Plains, MD 20695United States301.843.1800301.843.6339
Scroll to topIcon by RRD