http://www.supporthosiery.com/pages/privacy
Fast Free Shipping & Free Returns. Low Price Guarantee!*
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
We at Ames Walker are committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of information you share with us.
We will never sell or offer your information to any other company or individual. If you would like your name and information removed from our database, please contact us at customerservice@ameswalker.com
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review, correct and opt out of our use of the information collected by www.AmesWalker.com (the “Website”).
By using any aspect of the Website or sharing your contact information with us, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
“Personal Information” is any information by which you can be contacted or identified. For example, when you make a purchase, sign-up for emails or otherwise provide us with information when you interact with our Website, we collect certain information from you, including your name, email address, billing address, phone number and payment information (including your credit card number, or Amazon Pay or PayPal information).
Personal Information may also be collected from your cookie and usage data. For example, when you visit the Website, we automatically collect certain personal information including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Website, we collect information about how you interact with the Website such as the web pages or products that you view, or what search terms referred you to the Website. We may also collect some personal information from our social media sites based on your interaction with us on social media.
We collect information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are used to collect data about your browsing and purchasing behavior. Cookies are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For example, the cookie data we collect may include information about what products you have purchased, what pages have been viewed and/or how our customers browse the Website. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
"Log Files" are used to better understand how the Website is used, and we track actions occurring on the Website and collect data including your IP address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
"Web Beacons", "Tags", and "Pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse our website.
We may share your personal information with third parties. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your personal information here:  https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
We also use Google Analytics to transmit website traffic data to Google’s servers in the United States. By using Google Analytics’ reports, we are better able to understand the traffic to the Website and how our Website is used. Google Analytics does not associate an IP address to identify an individual user.
You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the information we collect pertaining to your order generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Website (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations) or to contact you directly if we need additional information. We can also use the personal information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize the Website
We may use and share your personal information to provide you to with behavior-based targeted advertisements or marketing emails that we believe may be of interest to you and we use often use third-party providers to provide these services.
For more information about how behavioral and targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of certain targeted advertising by clicking on the links below:
FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of the services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at http://optout.aboutads.info/.
For emails, we use personal information to help us to monitor and improve our services and assess the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. You are able to unsubscribe to marketing emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing customerservice@ameswalker.com.
We use Listrak as our third-party provider for marketing emails. For more information about Listrak’s privacy policies, see here: https://www.listrak.com/privacy-and-terms/privacy.aspx
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter the Website’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access the personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information is corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Website), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party's website. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party websites or services.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Website, we will maintain your order information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Business Transaction
If Ames Walker is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your personal information may be transferred. We will provide notice before your personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Ames Walker may be required to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Ames Walker may disclose your Personal Information in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Ames Walker
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the service
To protect the personal safety of users of the service or the public
To protect against legal liability
MINORS
The Website is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.
CHANGES
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us:
By email: customerservice@ameswalker.com
By visiting this page on our website: https://www.ameswalker.com/pages/contact-us
By phone number: 336-629-0564
By mail: Ames Walker, 300 Industrial Park Ave, Asheboro, NC, 27205, United States
Policy Last Revised on July 16, 2018.
Your Cart
X
Your Cart is empty.
Special instructions for Ames Walker
To use a coupon code, please continue to checkout.
Subtotal:
Continue shopping
Save an additional 5% when you purchase 3 or more of the same AW Brand product.
Thank you for Subscribing. You've been added to our list and will hear from us soon.
Close