http://www.manulife.com/en/privacy-policy/privacy-statement.html
Skip to main content
About
About
Our story
Year in review
Leadership
Sustainability
Sustainability governance
Sustainability | Disclosures
$10,000 mental health benefit for our employees in Canada
Cooking toward independence
650 summer jobs for Boston teens
Life insurance that helps people live longer, healthier lives
My heart, your heart: preventing premature death from cardiovascular disease
Building a diverse and inclusive team
Corporate governance
Board of Directors
Board of Committees
Products
Canada
United States
Europe
Cambodia
China mainland
Hong Kong
Indonesia
Japan
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam
News
Investors
Investors
Stock information
Results and reports
Ratings
Upcoming events
Past presentations
Shareholder services
Investor contacts
Annual Meeting
Careers
Why join us
For students
For alumni
Contact
Headquarters
For the media
For investors
Back
Are you looking for:
Manulife products
Manulife products
Job opportunities
Job opportunities
Our global sites
Our global sites
Online Privacy Statement
The Online Privacy Statement (the "Statement") applies to Manulife websites (the "Websites") and mobile applications ("Apps") and explains how we collect, use and disclose the information we collect on our Websites and Apps. It forms part of our Statement of Corporate Privacy Principles and supplements any of our country specific Privacy Policies and/or other terms or agreements that may apply to your relationship with us.
We respect your privacy
At Manulife, our Mission is to make decisions easier and our customers' lives better. We are putting our customers first and leveraging technology to deliver on this promise. This includes protecting the privacy of all personal information in our care, including what we collect through digital channels like our Websites and Apps.
The information we collect and how we collect it
The type of information we collect depends on how you use our Websites and Apps, but may include:
the browser and device you are using, which is provided by your browser and device
the address of the site you came from, which is provided by your browser
the date and time of your visit, which is provided by cookies
the pages you visit within our Websites and Apps, which is provided by cookies
the number of times you visit our Websites and Apps, which is provided by cookies
how long you stay on our Websites and Apps and at what point you exit, which is provided by cookies
your geolocation and your IP address, which is provided by your device
information you provide us by inputting it into our Websites and Apps when applying for products or using our online tools and calculators. This may include (but is not limited to) your name, email address, mobile phone number, user names, passwords, date of birth and language preferences
other information collected using cookies, web beacons and similar technologies (by us or by third parties on our behalf)
We will only collect information in fair and legal ways that is required for, or related to, providing products and services, conducting business and better understanding consumer needs.
How we use the information we collect
Depending on your relationship with us, we may use the information we collect from our Websites and Apps in the follow ways:
personalize and enhance your experience while you are visiting or using our Websites and Apps and make navigation easier
enable you to use our online planning, digital advice, or investment strategy tools
verify your identity and process transactions you have requested
administer our business, including data analysis, audits, developing and improving products and services, and determining the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising campaigns
allow our web server to determine whether the cookies setting on your web browser has been enabled or disabled so that we will know whether data can be collected from your web browser
track your visits to our websites and recognize your web browser when you are a repeat visitor so that we can gather statistics on the number of new and repeat visitors and evaluate our website effectiveness
deliver targeted advertising of Manulife products and services on our Websites and Apps and other companies’ websites
protect you and us from errors, misrepresentations, fraud, and/or contravention of laws or criminal activity
provide customer service, deliver information about our products, contact you for customer satisfaction surveys and conduct market research,
enable contracted third parties to perform services or functions on our behalf.  They are required to safeguard the information we share with them and can only use it for our contracted business purposes
We only use or disclose your personal information for the reasons it’s collected, for other purposes you consent to, or when it is required or allowed by law.
Manulife contracts with advertising agencies and marketing firms to promote our products and services, including on third-party websites that are not affiliated with us.  These contracted service providers may employ interest-based or online behavioural advertising techniques in order to display advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you.
We use web analytics services to analyze the use of our websites.  These tools use cookies to collect and generate information about your visits to our sites (including your Internet Protocol address) that is transmitted to their servers in an anonymous form for processing. We study patterns of website activity so we can improve the experience of visitors to our sites.
Learn more about cookies, web beacons and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files that are automatically created by your browser on your computer when you visit an internet site. Cookies collect and store information about your browsing patterns and information you provide.
In some cases, and where permitted by law, Manulife may allow third party cookies to be created when you visit our Websites. These cookies are used to advertise Manulife products on other companies’ websites and to allow us to track the effectiveness of our advertising.
Our web pages may also contain electronic images known as web beacons. Web beacons are sometimes referred to as “clear GIF images”, “pixel tags” or “single-pixel GIFs”.  Web beacons are usually invisible to a user and are used for many of the same purposes as cookies.
Safeguards
To help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access and use, we use a combination of security measures and maintain physical, technical, and administrative safeguards designed to keep it safe.  For example, we employ encryption techniques such as Transport Layer Security (TLS) and authentication technologies intended to safeguard the transmission of information over the Internet.  Some of our Websites utilize a timeout feature which will automatically log you out of your account after a period of idle time.
You should be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
It’s your choice:
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to disable cookies or to inform you when they are set. You also have the ability to delete cookies that you have accepted.
You can opt-out of web analytics activity by setting your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent and block analytics cookies if desired. Please consult your browser's Help Menu for instructions.
If you delete or disable cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of features within our Websites.
Links to other websites
Some of our websites may contain links to other websites that are not affiliated with us. We do not monitor or maintain the privacy practices of these websites, and do not have authority over them. We do not assume any responsibility for their privacy policies and procedures.
QUICK LINKS
Results and reports
Online Privacy Statement
Results and reports
Shareholder services
Online Privacy Statement
Shareholder services
Career opportunities
Online Privacy Statement
Career opportunities
Past presentations
Online Privacy Statement
Past presentations
QUICK LINKS
Results and reports
Shareholder services
Career opportunities
Past presentations
Online Privacy Statement
Results and reports
Shareholder services
Career opportunities
Past presentations
Privacy policy
Legal
Real Estate
Investments
Accessibility
Manulife Re
Fraud prevention centre
© The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company
Global
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Manulife uses cookies to personalize your experience, analyze site traffic and serve targeted ads. Learn more about your privacy options.
View more
Manulife uses cookies to personalize your experience, analyze site traffic and serve targeted ads. Learn more about your privacy options.
View more
Confirm