https://www.handheldaudio.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use
Hand Held Audio is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from that disclosed in this statement.
Please Note: Amazon.co.uk provide this website with various services, these include but not limited to payment processing and user account management. We strongly advice you to read Amazon.co.uk ‘s privacy policy in conjuction with Hand Held Audio’s especially if you decide to use your existing Amazon user account.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and delivery address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfil customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Hand Held Audio are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as postcode and age). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our payment form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to privacy@handheldaudio.co.uk
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our opt-out below.
Correction & Updating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your postcode), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavour to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can be done by emailing our Customer Support on support@handheldaudio.co.uk
Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional material may opt-out of receiving these communications by sending an email with unsubscribe in the subject line to us at leave@handheldaudio.co.uk, this email must originate from the email address which you used to subscribe initially.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Product tagsBLX
Custom Ear Monitors
Custom Earphones
Custom moulds
digital
Ear foams
earphone
Earphone cable
Earphones
Ew100
G3
G4
hand held
headmic
Headphones
headset
Headworn
IEM
in-ear
In-ear monitoring
In Ear Monitoring
in ear system
JH Audio
Lavalier
Microphone
monitor
monitoring
monitors
onstage monitoring
PGX
rack mount
radio mic
radio microphone
Replacement cable
Sennheiser
Shure
SM58
Ultimate Ears
vocal mic
Westone
wireless
wireless in-ear
wireless mic
wireless microphone
XSMeta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
COVID-19: Due to the current situation our processing times will be 3 to 5 days. . Dismiss