https://www.artgroup.com/terms
Home
Artists
Subjects
Products
Trade
0116 284 3691
contact@artgroup.com
×
My Account
Returning Customers
Email
Password
Forgot password?
Trade Customers
Email
Password
Forgot password?
Trade accounts are for business to business customers only. Request a trade account by clicking here.
Terms & Conditions of Supply
Your use of our website is governed by our Terms of Website Use Policy and our Website Acceptable Use Policy. We use your personal information in accordance with our Data Privacy Notice and our Cookie Policy.
Please read the following points carefully as use of our website and purchase of products by you, mean that you agree to them. These terms and conditions give details of the levels of service we will provide you.
SHOPPING ONLINE AT ARTGROUP.COM
You can order products displayed on this website using the secure shopping cart provided. Once you have placed an order we will send you an e-mail confirming that we have received your order. The email confirmation will be produced automatically so that you have confirmation of your order details. The fact that you receive an automatic confirmation does not necessarily mean that we will be able to meet your order.
To make a purchase at artgroup.com you are required to become a registered user. When registering you must provide a valid and operational email address and telephone number where you can be contacted so we can keep you informed about the status of your order.
PROTECTING OUR CUSTOMERS AGAINST FRAUD
To protect our customers from credit and debit card fraud we reserve the right to cancel an order where (1) the customer uses a credit or debit card which is issued by a card provider based in a country other than the delivery address provided by the customer, or (2) the customer doesn't provide the additional information we request to verify their identity and address within five days, or (3) the customer pays for a high value transaction using an unverified Paypal account, or (4) any of the contact details the customer provides during the registration process turn out to be false, or (5) a mail server returns any confirmation email message we send to you. In all such cases, we will refund the full pounds sterling amount paid.
PRICING
The price of individual products can change on the site without notice, however, the price of the item displayed once you reach the checkout is the price you will be charged. You will be notified of the delivery costs automatically, as part of the shopping cart, before you submit your credit card details. For more information about our delivery charges see our 'Delivery Information' page.
All transactions carried out through the website are made in Pounds Sterling. The US Dollar and Euro prices shown on the site are purely there as a guide for non-UK customers. Your credit or debit card will be charged in Pounds Sterling.
PAYMENT METHODS
You can pay using Visa, Visa Electron, MasterCard, Maestro or JCB cards or through Paypal. To ensure that shopping online is secure, your credit/debit details will be encrypted to minimise the possibility of someone being able to read your details as they are sent to us over the Internet.
DELIVERY OF ORDERS
All orders are processed quickly by our dedicated warehouse team and are generally dispatched within one to four working days. In certain circumstances where bespoke work is involved such as framing or personalisation, or at busy times of the year such as Christmas, orders may take a little longer but we will endeavour to keep you informed of any delays. You will receive an e-mail informing you when your order has been dispatched which will include a tracking number where applicable. We are not liable for any loss caused to you by late delivery.
artgroup.com ship orders to most destinations worldwide using a carefully selected range of delivery partners. These carriers will usually require a signature upon delivery. As the customer, it is your responsibility to ensure that someone is available at the delivery address to receive the goods. If there is nobody to accept the parcel the carrier will generally take the goods away and leave a card with instructions on how to arrange a redelivery or where to collect your package from.
If an order is returned to us because the carrier could not deliver the goods or it was not collected then you may be required to pay an additional delivery cost before we can resend your order. This will also apply if you have supplied an incorrect or incomplete delivery address.
artgroup.com reserves the right to cancel an order if the items cannot be delivered to your shipping destination for whatever reason. In this case, we will process a full refund immediately and notify you of the cancellation by email.
Please note we cannot guarantee next day delivery if you order after 2pm, please email us if you have an urgent request and we will do our best to meet your requirements. We do not dispatch orders on Saturday or Sunday so any next day orders placed after 2pm on a Friday will be dispatched on Monday for delivery on Tuesday.
RETURNS POLICY - DAMAGED OR INCORRECT GOODS
We take every care to ensure that all orders are prepared correctly and packed to arrive in perfect condition however on rare occasions an incorrect or damaged item may be delivered. If you are not completely satisfied with your order please contact us within 7 days of receipt by e-mailing contact@artgroup.com quoting your order reference number and a brief explanation of the problem.
We will contact within one working day to advise you of the steps you need to take. Please do not return the item to us until you have had a response as we may ask you to send us a photograph detailing the damage or wrong item.
Our aim is for complete customer satisfaction so we will send a replacement or process a refund if required as soon as possible but in certain circumstances, artgroup.com reserves the right to request the return of the product before issuing a replacement or refund.
RETURNS POLICY - UNWANTED ITEMS
We are confident you will be delighted with your purchase but if for some reason you wish to return your item(s) please contact us by e-mailing contact@artgroup.com quoting your order reference number.
Please ensure all item(s) are returned undamaged in the original packaging where possible within 14 days of receipt. Please include the dispatch note received with the goods with the return.
We are happy to offer a refund for the value of the goods returned or if you prefer an exchange up to the same value. Refunds will be processed as soon as possible but in any event within 30 days after we receive your notification.
Please note we cannot accept returns for items which are made to order or personalised in any way.
RETURNS POLICY - CANCELLING AN ORDER
Under the Distance Selling Regulations, you have the right to cancel your order up to seven working days after the day on which you receive your goods. If you wish to cancel your order you must inform us in writing by sending an e-mail to contact@artgroup.com
In the case of a cancellation we will process a full refund as soon as possible but in any event within 30 days of receiving your notification.
If your order has already been dispatched we request that you return the goods at your expense to the address below. The goods remain your responsibility until they reach us so we suggest you use a secure method of delivery. If you fail to return the cancelled items we reserve the right to arrange collection at your cost.
Please note you cannot cancel any item(s) which have been made to order or personalised in any way.
LIABILITY
We will not be responsible for any losses resulting from your misuse or your inability to use our website or resulting from unauthorised access to, or alteration of your transmissions or data in circumstances which are beyond our control. We will not be responsible for your loss of profits, wasted expenditure, corruption or destruction of data or any other loss which does not directly result from something we have done wrong.
GENERAL
You will be responsible if you use this website in breach of these terms of use and will reimburse us for any loss that you cause to us as a result of your misuse. We make no promise that our website will be uninterrupted or entirely error free. Because of the nature of the Internet, the shopping online service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We are not responsible to you if we are unable to provide our Internet services for any reason beyond our control.
All rights in the designs and information on our website are owned by us. Copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights protect them. You may view, copy and print portions of our website for the sole purpose of placing an order with us. The materials on our website may not be used for any other purpose. We will use the information that you provide and the records of items buy to constantly monitor and improve our service and for marketing purposes in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Our website contains links to other websites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by us. These links are provided for your convenience only and we are not responsible for the content of those sites.
We may change or withdraw any part of our website or may refuse you access to the website at any time if we consider it necessary. The laws of England and Wales govern these terms and only the courts of England and Wales will decide any disputes.