https://www.ctscorp.com/privacy-policy/
Home  /  Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
CTS Corporation (“CTS”) is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of the ctscorp.com website. Our goal is to provide a safe and secure user experience. CTS will use its best efforts to ensure that the information submitted to the CTS website remains private, and is used only for improving general CTS marketing and promotional efforts, and other purposes set forth below.
Privacy Shield
CTS complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (“Privacy Shield”), established by the U.S. Department of Commerce in consultation with the European Commission, regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information received from the European Union. CTS has elected to comply with the Privacy Shield and is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. CTS has certified its adherence to the Privacy Shield principles, including: notice; choice; accountability for onward transfer; security; data integrity and purpose limitation; access; recourse; enforcement; and liability. All subsidiaries listed in our Privacy Shield certification record also adhere to these Privacy Shield principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield, and to view our certification page, please visit www.privacyshield.gov.
Collection and Use of Personal Data
CTS may collect Personal Data from Data Subjects when Data Subjects purchase products from CTS or sell products to CTS, register with its website, or otherwise communicate with them. Personal Data may include an individual’s name in combination with address, telephone number, and e-mail address.
CTS uses Personal Data that is collects for the following purposes: (i) maintaining and supporting its products; (2) compliance with contractual commitments with customers and vendors; (3) government reporting, tax filings, and other regulatory requirements; (4) storing and processing data, including Personal Data, in computer databases and servers located in the United States; (5) other business purposes required under applicable regulations; and (6) as otherwise required by law.  CTS does not process Personal Data of individuals for any other reason; provided, however, that CTS may disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Individuals may request access to their Personal Data held by CTS. Individuals may also request that CTS: rectify inaccurate Personal Data; stop processing or erase Personal Data that is no longer necessary for the processing; stop processing or erase Personal Data if the individual’s interest overrides CTS’ legitimate grounds; stop processing or erase Personal Data if processing is unlawful; and stop processing Personal data if such data in inaccurate or if there is dispute. An individual has the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints not resolved by other Privacy Shield mechanisms.
CTS will cooperate with the EU data protection authorities (“DPAs”) regarding Personal Data and will comply with advice given by DPAs regarding Personal Data transferred from the EU. CTS remains responsible for any onward transfer of Personal Data processed by third parties.;
Information Disclosure
CTS does not disclose information about your individual visits to ctscorp.com, or any personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, personal references, etc., to any outside parties, except as may be required by law.
CTS will not sell, trade, exchange or otherwise make available any personally identifiable information to any other company or organization not directly affiliated with CTS.
Traffic—CTS uses software programs to analyze traffic for this website. These programs collect aggregate data, not personal information.
Email—CTS may offer visitors the ability to sign up for email newsletters and announcements. CTS will never sell your email address or share it with anyone else not directly affiliated with CTS Corporation.
Cookies—CTS uses cookies on this website to aid in your ease of use.
IP address collection—CTS may collect IP addresses for purposes such as to report anonymous user information, to audit or administer the use of our website and keep it secure. CTS does not link IP address information to personal information.
Forms—Inquiry forms, such as information requests or site registration, collect information that is securely stored and that will only be used to direct you to the resources you seek. This may include follow-up by one of our associates to answer questions you may have.
Links to third-party sites—The CTS website contains links to other websites and resources, offered as a convenience to you. CTS has no control over and does not endorse third-party content, goods or services, and is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other websites and resources.
CTS DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE WEBSITE INCLUDING WEBSITE CONTENT, AND ANY GOODS OR SERVICES THAT YOU OBTAIN FROM THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS. YOU MUST LOOK SOLELY TO THE THIRD-PARTY FOR ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS.
Privacy Policy Changes
All changes to the privacy policy for ctscorp.com will be posted here so that you will always know what information we gather, and how that information might be used. Questions or concerns regarding CTS’ privacy policy can be directed to mediarelations@ctscorp.com, or by calling CTS at: +1-630-577-8800.
Distributor Login
Please sign in below to access your account.
Email Address:
Password:
Login
Forgot your password?