http://www.mercedes-benz.com/en/providerprivacy-statement/legal-notice
Provider/Privacy Statement
Deutsch
Deutsch
English
English
Company
Vehicles
Vehicles
Overview
A-Class
B-Class
C-Class
CLA
CLS
E-Class
EQC
G-Class
GLA
GLB
GLC
GLE
GLS
S-Class
SL
SLC
V-Class
AMG GT
Mercedes-Maybach
Design
Innovation
Museum & History
Sports
Events
Lifestyle
Search
Search
What are you looking for?
Copyrights
Copyright 2003-2020 Mercedes-Benz AG. All rights reserved. All text, images, graphics, sound files, video files and animation files and their arrangement are subject to copyright and other intellectual property laws. They may not be copied, either for commercial purposes or for redistribution, nor may they be modified and used on other websites. Some Daimler AG webpages also include material that is subject to the copyright of those parties who have made such material available.
Products and prices
Some products and services may have changed since individual pages on this website were last edited. The manufacturer reserves the right to make changes to the design, form, color and specification during the delivery period, provided these changes or variations can be deemed reasonable for the customer, while taking into account the interests of Daimler AG. The illustrations may show accessories, optional equipment or other features which are not part of the standard specification. Colors may differ slightly from those depicted, for technical reasons. Some pages may also feature models and services which are not available in individual countries. Statements regarding legislative, fiscal or other legal regulations and the implications of these are valid only for the Federal Republic of Germany. Subject to any contrary provision in the terms and conditions of sale or delivery, the prices valid on the date of delivery shall apply. For our dealers, the prices are to be regarded as the recommended retail price. Please contact a company-owned sales and service outlet or an authorized dealer to find out current prices.
Trademarks
Unless otherwise stipulated, all brand names featured on the pages of Daimler AG websites are legally protected trademarks belonging to Daimler AG. This applies in particular to the model names and all corporate logos and emblems.
Licenses
Daimler AG has sought to bring you an innovative and informative internet site, and we hope that you will be as enthusiastic about our creative effort as we are. Please appreciate, however, that Daimler AG has to protect its intellectual property, including patents, trademarks and copyrights, and that these internet pages cannot be construed as granting any license rights to Daimler AG’s intellectual property.
Forward-looking statements disclaimer
Internet pages, Investor Relations releases, annual and interim reports, outlooks, presentations, audio and video broadcasts of events (live or recorded) and other documents on this website contain, among other things, forward-looking statements about future developments that are based on the current assessments of the management. The words ‘anticipate,’ ‘assume,’ ‘believe,’ ‘estimate,’ ‘expect,’ ‘intend,’ ‘may/might,’ ‘plan,’ ‘project,’ ‘should’ and similar expressions are used to indicate forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including an economic downturn in Europe or North America, changes in exchange rates, interest rates and raw materials prices, the launch of products by competitors, higher sales incentives, the successful implementation of the new business model for smart, and a decline in resale prices of used vehicles. If any of these risks and uncertainties (some of which are described in Daimler AG’s most recent Annual Report under the heading ‘Risk Report’ and under the heading ‘Risk Factors’ in Form 20-F, which was submitted to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)) materialize or if the assumptions underlying any of our forward-looking statements prove incorrect, then our actual results may be materially different from those we express or imply by such statements. We do not intend or assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement applies only in relation to the situation prevailing on the date on which it is made.
Information according to § 36 German Consumer Dispute Resolution Act (VSBG)
Daimler AG will not participate in a dispute settlement proceeding in front of a consumer arbitration board according to the German Consumer Dispute Resolution Act (VSBG) and is not obliged to do so.
Information about online dispute resolution
The European Commission has established an internet platform for online dispute resolution (so called “ODR platform”). The ODR platform is a point of entry for out-of-court resolutions relating to contractual obligations of online sales contracts. You can get to the ODR platform by following the link: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr
Liability
The information provided and the statements made on these pages do not constitute any representation or warranty, either express or implied. In particular such information is not an implied promise or guarantee in respect of quality, marketability, fitness for any particular purpose, or the non-infringement of laws and patents. Our internet pages also contain links to other internet sites. We would like to point out that we have no influence over the design and content of the linked sites. We therefore accept no liability for the accuracy, completeness or quality of the information provided there, nor do we guarantee that it is up to date. Consequently we hereby distance ourselves from all content of such sites. This declaration applies to all links to external sites contained on our internet pages and to the content of such sites.
Social plugins
Daimler uses so-called social plugins (‘buttons’) for social networks such as Facebook, Google+ and Twitter. When you visit our websites these buttons are deactivated by default, i.e. without your intervention they will not send any data to third parties. Before you are able to use these buttons, you must activate them by clicking on them. They then remain active until you deactivate them again or delete your cookies (see also ‘Cookies’). Once activated, a direct link to the server of the respective social network is established. The contents of the button are then transmitted from the social network directly to your browser which incorporates it in the website. Please note that we have no influence on the scope of data that is collected by social networks through their buttons. The data use policies of the social networks provide information on the purpose and extent of the data that they collect, how this data is processed and used, the rights available to you and the settings that you can use to protect your privacy. Once a button is activated, the social network can retrieve data, independently of whether you interact with the button or not. If you are logged on to a social network, the network can associate your visit to the website with your user account. A social network cannot associate visits to other Daimler websites unless and until you activate the respective button there as well. If you are a member of a social network and do not wish it to associate data retrieved from your visit to our websites with your membership data, you must log out from the social network concerned before activating the buttons.