https://www.katahdincedarloghomes.com/privacy-policy/
Home|Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the web site of Katahdin Cedar Log Homes, www.katahdincedarloghomes.com (the “Web Site”). The Web Site is owned and operated by Katahdin Cedar Log Homes (the “Company”), and we respect your concerns about privacy. If you do not accept this Privacy Policy, click here, and you will be sent to a popular search engine.
Here is how we handle information about your visit to the Web Site:
Anonymous Information
We collect a limited amount of anonymous information on Web Site traffic so we can improve the content and design of the Web Site, but this information does not identify you personally. We collect the anonymous IP addresses of visitors’ method of access, time of access, browser type, and web pages visited on an aggregate basis. This information is used for internal review only and is not sold or rented to any third party.
Registration Information
If you choose to take advantage of some of the services on the Web Site, you may be asked to provide information such as your real name, company name, email address, phone number, and street address. We may use this information to deliver the services you wish from us. The information can help us offer content, advertisements, products and services that are most likely to appeal to you. We may also use the information you provide at registration to contact you about new products, specials, or other promotional reasons. We may also share your information with other reputable companies affiliated with us whose products or services you might find interesting.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, or if you do not want us to share your information with other affiliated companies, please:
Send us an email at info@katahdincedarloghomes.com
Or call 207-757-8278.
Drop us a line. Send U.S. mail to the following address:
Katahdin Cedar Log Homes
P.O. Box 145
Oakfield, ME 04763
Please note that we do not accept or store registration for anyone under the age of 13 under any circumstances.
Linking Agreement
We invite you to link to our Web Site www.katahdincedarloghomes.com. However, by linking to our Web Site, you agree to the following:
All material on this Web Site is the sole property of Katahdin Cedar Log Homes and is protected to the full extent of the law.
Nothing in this agreement gives you any rights to the trade names, trademarks or service marks or other proprietary information of Katahdin Cedar Log Homes.
You will not disparage this Web Site or Katahdin Cedar Log Homes, or present our graphic link in any way which diminishes its good will.
This is a simple linking agreement between to internet Web Sites that are independently owned and operated. Neither party is a publisher, distributor, agent, partner, franchiser or endorser of the other party’s Web Site, content or features.
Katahdin Cedar Log Homes retains the right to allow/disallow linking to this Web Site by you and other third parties.
Katahdin Cedar Log Homes reserves the right to change the terms of this agreement or to modify any features of this Web Site at any time.
This Web Site is provided “as is” and “as available”.
Other Uses of Information
We may disclose information we have about you if we believe we are required to do so by law; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company or others.
Changes
From time to time, the Company may make changes to this Privacy Policy, and any changes will be made public on these pages of the Web Site.
Security
We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data at our Web Site.
Enforcement
If you feel that this site is not following this stated privacy policy, you may contact us at 207-757-8278, or contact the Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202-FTC-HELP (202-382-4357) or electronically at www.ftc.gov/ro/.
Copyrights
The design, arrangement, presentation and layout of this site, and all material provided on this Web Site (e.g. text, graphics, logos, images, photographs, software, interfaces, data, icons, audio, and the arrangement and coordination of these materials) are the property of Katahdin Cedar Log Homes (the “Company”) and are copyright © by the Company. All material on this Web Site is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. No rights, title, or interests are transferred to anyone who downloads or copies material from the Web Site. The material on the Web Site may be used only for personal, non-commercial, viewing, reading, educational, or shopping purposes. Any other use, such as copying, modifying, distributing, publishing or displaying our site material, whether in electronic or hard copy form, is strictly prohibited without the prior written permission of the Company.
Trademarks
Katahdin Cedar Log Homes is a trade mark of the Company, which cannot be used in connection with any product or service that does not belong to the Company.
Links
A number of links to other web sites that may be maintained on the Web Site are for your convenience. The Company does not control the availability or accuracy of information on those sites. Any problems with external links should be directed to that external service or resource. Framing any or all of the content of the Web Site is expressly prohibited without written consent from the Company.
Disclaimer
The Web Site and all material contained on the Web Site are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, and freedom from computer virus, and the accuracy, reliability, and usefulness of the Web Site or Web Site content. You acknowledge, by your use of the Web Site, that your use of the Web Site is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with your use or inability to use the Web Site, and that the Company will not be responsible for any damages of any kind related to your use of the Web Site. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company, CrystalVision, and their respective officers, employees, and agents from any and all loss, cost, expense, claim, damages, and liability related to or associated with your use of the Web Site and any violation by you of these terms.
Termination of Access
You agree that, in connection with your use of the Web Site, you will not
* (i) “hack”, infiltrate, or otherwise seek unauthorized access to the Web Site;
* (ii) use any data mining tools in connection with the Web Site;
* (iii) collect or store information about the users of this Web Site for any purpose;
* (iv) violate any local, state, national or international law or regulation.
Applicable Law
The Web Site is created and controlled by the Company in the State of Maine, USA. The laws of the State of Maine will govern these disclaimers, terms, and conditions, without regard to any conflict of law rule which would refer jurisdiction to another forum. You agree that the federal and state courts of Maine will have exclusive jurisdiction and venue to hear and decide any claim or dispute relating in any way to your use of the Web Site, and you agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction and venue in the federal and state courts of Maine in connection with all such disputes.
Contact Information
Click here to get our email or U.S. mail address to contact us with questions or comments regarding the Web Site or the Company.