https://www.smithcap.com/privacy-policy
Smith Capital Management | Privacy Policy
CONTACT USHOMEABOUT USOUR SERVICESRESOURCESFAQCONTACTMore100 River Bluff Drive, Suite 410
Little Rock, Arkansas 72202
(501) 228-0040 |  (800) 866-2615
Email: Info@SmithCap.com
Disclosure Info | Privacy Policy | Site Map
© 2019 Smith Capital ManagementAt Smith Capital, we realize our responsibility to protect the privacy and confidentiality of client information is not only a legal responsibility, but also a personal responsibility to our clients, to assure the level of trust and confidence our clients appreciate and expect from their relationship with us.
By sharing our Privacy Policy, we trust that our clients will better understand how we keep client information secure while using it to provide services and products. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to store information about our clients and secure this information from unauthorized access, alteration, and destruction. We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you.
Who is covered?
Individuals and entities who are clients or former clients of Smith Capital are covered by our Privacy Policy. We provide a written copy of our Privacy Notice to clients when they establish their initial relationship with Smith Capital and annually thereafter. If our policies materially change, we will notify those affected.
What is collected?
In addition to identification information such as social security numbers, birth dates, addresses and phone numbers, we collect, use and retain client information we reasonably believe will help us deliver superior service, to administer our business, manage risks, market our services and products, and to meet applicable laws and regulations.
We may receive information about you from various sources, including personal and financial statements supplied in the process of opening accounts and requesting services from Smith Capital, investment statements and transaction history provided by our third party custodians, and interaction with professionals such as CPA’s, attorneys, etc. as authorized by our clients.
What is shared?
We may share information with regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials as required by law. An example of this would be routine audits of our firm by the Securities and Exchange Commission or our accounting firm. We may share information with your consent with other professionals such as CPA’s, attorneys, third party administrators, etc. in the normal course of providing wealth management services. We may provide limited information to other brokerage firms to effect transactions on your behalf, specifically to purchase and sell fixed income securities.
We are extremely protective of the client information we have access to and, other than the scenarios listed above, we do not share this information nor do we sell any information about our customers under any circumstances.
USA Patriot Act, Section 326
With the increased focus of our government on fighting terrorism funding and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. Therefore, in the process of establishing a relationship with you, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth and other information necessary for identification purposes. In some circumstances, it may be necessary to require a copy of your driver’s license or other identifying documents.
Please do not hesitate to contact us with any specific needs, questions or concerns you may have regarding our privacy policy.
Privacy Policy