https://www.youngair.co.uk/privacy-policy-and-cookies/
Privacy Policy and Cookies | Young Air Conditioning
Home
Service
Domestic
Office
Retail
Resources
Brochures
Case Studies
Factsheets
Manuals
Contact
Home
Service
Domestic
Office
Retail
Resources
Brochures
Case Studies
Factsheets
Manuals
Contact
MENU
Privacy Policy and Cookies
Blog
Archive
Testimonials
Homepage >
Privacy Policy and Cookies
Young Air Conditioning is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and personal data. The below policy explains what, how and why we collect any personal data in line with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
Who we are.
We are an air conditioning company, Young Air Conditioning Ltd based in Malvern, Worcestershire. We supply and install Daikin quality equipment to the domestic and commercial sectors. Our range of services includes maintenance and repairs, servicing and the supply installation and commissioning of comfort air conditioning systems.  Under the GDPR guidelines Young Air Conditioning Ltd is the Data Controller responsible for the processing of personal data.
Why we collect your personal information.
We would like to engage with new and existing customers to send them information about our range of services or closely related products by post, telephone and email.
What information do we hold?
The data collected has been provided by you and may include your name, address, email address, telephone number and business name if applicable. We only hold information that is necessary to contact you in relation to the services we provide. Data provided maybe processed manually as well as by computers. We do not need to know any sensitive personal information just straightforward contact details so that we can engage with our customers.
Using your personal information
We may use your information supplied:
To reply to your online enquiry
Send you relevant information as requested
Provide you with a quotation for our services
Send marketing information to you specifically relating to our services or our chosen charity. Marketing and information emails will only be sent if you have expressly ‘Opted-in’ to receiving them.
Who will we share your information with?
We do not share your information with anyone else and we would never sell or rent your personal information to a third party. We do not use website analytical monitors like Google Analytics for example.
The right to Opt-Out and updates.
If you would like to request an update to your personal data held or for your details to be deleted from our records, please contact us at: helpline@youngair.co.uk
Effective date
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 4th May 2018. We may review and update our Privacy Policy at times to ensure we are up to date. Our latest Privacy Policy version will be shown on our website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is downloaded onto your computer or similar device when you access our website. Cookies allow the website to recognise that user’s device and store some information about the user’s visits and activities on our site.  By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. You will see a flash up reminder when you open our website.
Recent Posts
Air Purifiers back in stock
Acorns Children’s Hospice chosen Charity for Young Air Conditioning Ltd
Air Conditioning Service Malvern – Customer Testimonial
Grants from £2,000 to £20,000 available to help you lower your energy bills!
Daikin’s new R32 Compact Roundflow Cassette range
Daikin Emura with Wi-Fi Controller
New Cheltenham Branch for County Building Supplies
How often should Air Conditioning systems be serviced?
Successful R32 Refrigerant roll out for Young Air Conditioning
Home Air Conditioning Installation in Worcester UK
Client Testimonials
“Congratulations on reaching your 15th year with your aircon business.
We are very pleased with our Daikin aircon unit, installed by Young Air Conditioning Ltd.
The installation was straight forward and very tidy.
The unit (Stylish model) has heating and cooling capacities and performs really well.
It has contributed significantly to our enjoyment of our recently completed garden room”
Thank you for taking the time to write a review, we appreciate your kind words.
Mr & Mrs Print – Garden Room Air Conditioning, Malvern
“The installation of our ac unit was professionally carried out by husband and wife team standing in for colleague on vacation.
Good team, good work. ”
Thank you so much for your review, we are pleased that you appreciate the extra effort made in honouring our installation dates, a representation of the value we place on your order.
Mr P & Mrs A Cook – Bedroom Air Conditioning, Droitwich Spa
“Very professional, confidence inspiring service which transformed what would have been a sleepless heatwave into a summer of peaceful cool nights!”
Dr Hinchliffe – Bedroom Air Conditioning, Malvern
“We had air conditioning installed by a builder when we built our warehouse mezzanine office a couple of years ago.  I was looking for someone local to maintain and service the air conditioning and found Young Air Conditioning.  They came and serviced our air con unit last week as arranged.  They fixed a small leak and all is working as it should be.  I’ll happily use Youngs regularly to keep our system in good working order.  Thanks very much.”
Sue – EasyRead Time Teacher Ltd, Malvern
“We had Young Air Conditioning installed in our conservatory a couple of years ago. We are extremely pleased with it as it has now enabled to use the conservatory all year round. All personnel from the company are extremely friendly and competent.”
Brian – Conservatory Air Conditioning, Worcester
View all testimonials
Young Air Malvern can provide an innovative solution to cooling and heating in your office or at home.
For over 15 years we have been providing the best service we can, with competent advisors giving advice to tailor your needs with no strings attached.
Useful LinksHome
Air Conditioning Service and Maintenance
Brochures
Case Studies
Domestic Air Conditioning
Factsheets
Manuals
Office Air Conditioning
Retail Air Conditioning
Why?
Blog
Areas Covered throughout Worcestershire, Torbay and Exeter
Contact
Privacy Policy and Cookies
Contact Information Address
Young Air Conditioning Ltd
Malvern
Worcestershire
Telephone
01684 575874 (Malvern)
Email
helpline@youngair.co.uk
Follow us on Twitter
© 2020 Young Air Conditioning.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OK