http://www.electrolift.com/privacy-policy.php
Search:
Home
Contact Us
Single Hook Wire Rope Hoist
» Lug Mounted
» Idler Trolleys
» Motor Driven Trolleys
» Base Mounted
» True Vertical Lift
» Low Headroom
» Top Running Double Girder Single Hook
» Underhung Double Girder (Dual Rail)
Twin Hook Wire Rope Hoist
» Lug Mounted
» Idler Trolleys
» Motor Driven Trolleys
» Overhead Mounted
» Floor Mounted
» Double Girder (Dual Rail)
Special
Hoist Configurations
» Hot Metal
» Rail Car Shaker
» Hazardous Environment
» Rope Guide
» Wall Mounted
» Multiple Pick Points
» Air Hoist
» Power Rotating
» Scoreboard Hoist
Engineered Solutions
» Low Headroom
Railroad Car
Maintenance Hoist
» Custom Configured
Paper Roll
Application
» Increased Safety and
Reduced
Down-Time in
Automotive Application
» Low Headroom Dual Rail
Hoist
Lifting Helicoptor
Rotor Blades
» Modular Twin Hook Marine Application
» 'Big Bag' Lifting Hoist
» Low Headroom Dual Rail Application
» Reduced Cycle Time
in a Sandblasting
Application
» Heavy Duty
Papermill Application
Parts/Components
» Trolleys
» Hook Blocks
» Hook Assemblies
» Sheaves
» Sheave & Bracket Assemblies
» Drums
» Control Packages
Ford Motor Company Trusts Electrolift’s American-made technology to keep their assembly lines running safely and smoothly.
Click the video below for details.
Electro Lift Privacy Policy
Who we are
Hello! Our website address is: https://electrolift.com. We are Electro Lift, Inc. and are headquartered at 204 Sargeant Avenue, Clifton, New Jersey 07013 USA. You can call us or email us at +1 973-471-0204, form3@electrolift.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
The types of personal data this website collects, by itself or through third parties, include Cookies and Usage Data.
Complete details on each type of personal data collected are provided in the dedicated sections below of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the collection of this data.
Personal data may be freely provided by the visitor, or, in the case of usage data, collected automatically when visiting this website.
Contact forms
When visitors submit a contact form, we collect all the data in the form fields plus visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. We keep this information indefinitely for both customer service and marketing purposes.
Cookies
We utilize cookies on this website for analytics tracking purposes only the details of which are explained further down on this page.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Google Analytics is used on this website to track and aggregate data about visitors to this website.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc.. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on visitor activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
The personal data collected by Google include cookies and usage data. The place of processing is the United States. Here is Google’s Privacy Policy. You can also opt out of Google Analytics here.
Who we share your data with
We do not share any personal data with anyone outside of Electro Lift, Inc.
How long we retain your data
Data submitted through our contact forms are kept indefinitely.
Google Analytics data is kept for 26 months.
What rights you have over your data
Visitors have the right to do the following with your data:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Visitors have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given consent to the processing of their personal data.
Object to the use of their Data. Visitors have the right to object to the use of their data.
Access their Data. Visitors have the right to obtain a copy of their data.
Verify and seek correction. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the use of their data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the use of their data. In this case, the website owner will not use their data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their personal data deleted. Users have the right to the erasure of their data by the website owner.
Obtain their data and have it transferred to another owner. Users have the right to obtain their data, if reasonably feasible, to have it transferred to another owner.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their regional data protection authority.
Where we send your data
Visitor data is stored and backed up on secure servers based in the United States. All vendors are committed to complying with all applicable privacy standards and enforceable law.
How we protect your data
All visitor data submitted through this website is encrypted with a valid SSL certificate.
Contact information
Any questions regarding privacy, compliance or visitor data should be directed to form3@electrolift.com.
» Standard Hoist Features» The Worm Gear Advantage
» Single Hook Hoists» Twin Hook Hoists» Special Hoist Configurations»
Engineered Solutions» Hoist Parts And Components
Privacy Policy