http://www.benjaminmoore.com/en-us/privacy-statement
SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Toggle navigation button
Search
Color
Overview
Find Your Color
Color Palettes
Color Insights
Products
Overview
Product Catalog
How-To & Advice
Quality Begins with Chemistry
Ideas
Overview
DIY Paint Projects
Interiors
Exteriors
For Professionals
Contractors
Designers
Architects
Documentation
SHOP NOW
STORES
REGISTER OR SIGN IN
MY FAVORITES
Color
Products
Ideas
Professionals
STORES
MY FAVORITES
REGISTER OR SIGN IN
Search
SHOP NOW
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Privacy
Policy was last modified and is effective as of July 8, 2020.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how
Benjamin Moore & Co (“Benjamin Moore,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) handles
certain Personal Information (as defined below) that we collect from you
through our websites or apps (collectively, “Sites”) which provide an
authorized link to this Privacy Policy, as well as how to exercise your rights
or contact us with questions or concerns regarding the same.
Changes to
Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify,
add or delete provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to
time by updating or revising this posting and such revisions shall take effect
as of the date of posting; provided that we will provide you with notice of
material changes to this Privacy Policy as appropriate under the circumstances.
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ANY CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY WILL APPLY
IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING TO THE SITES. You should come back to the Site and
review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you remain aware of the terms and
conditions that apply to you.
Cookies
When you access or visit our Sites, we and our Operational
Service Providers (as defined below) often use technology that can recognize,
collect and/or transmit information that is associated with you, but which does
not personally identify you. Although the term "cookie" specifically
refers to a small file that is stored on a user's computer or other device for
record-keeping purposes, for the purposes of this Privacy Policy, we will use
the term "cookie" to refer generically to any technology that can
recognize, collect and/or transmit information about your visits to our Sites.
This type of information includes such data as the Internet or web domain that
referred you, the type of operating system and browser you are using, the date
and time of your visit, data relating to activities on our Websites (e.g.,
so-called 'clickstream' data) and other technological attributes about your
visit to the Websites. This information is used to analyze trends, administer
our Sites, track user movements on the Sites and elsewhere on the Internet, and
gather aggregate demographic information about visitors so we can continually improve
our Sites and for advertising purposes.
Cookies also allow our Sites to recognize a user’s computer
or access device each time it is used to visit a particular Site, and can keep
count of how often you return to such Site. Cookies can also track how you use
our Sites, your preferences for features and functions and, for our Sites that
have registration or similar features, cookies can store information such as
your user name and password so you don't have to re-enter them each time you
return to visit.
You can disable or turn certain cookie features off by
changing the settings on your Internet browser and you can also change the
settings to stop your browser from automatically accepting certain cookies.
Although changing these settings may not affect your ability to browse, it may
affect your ability to use certain features and functions of the Sites and it
may also require you to re-enter certain information each time you visit or
attempt to use the Sites. You should consult the operating instructions that
apply to your browser to determine how to best configure your browser settings
for your needs.
Personal
Information Collected
The term "Personal Information" refers to any
information you provide in connection with your use of any of our Sites and
from which, alone or in combination with other information, you can be
identified. Personal Information may include such things as your name, street
address, telephone number, date of birth, e-mail address and any other
information which might reasonably be used to identify you. We obtain Personal
Information from you when you submit it to us or provide it on one or more of
our Sites that require it in order to allow you to register, subscribe or take
advantage of certain features, functions, services, activities, promotions and
content on our Sites ("Content"). You may also email us with a
question or for more information and we will use your contact information
(which includes Personal Information such as an email address) to help respond
and for customer service purposes. We also may obtain Personal Information from
third parties, for example, when somebody mentions Benjamin Moore on social
media, we may collect other information they have made public for insight into
their social interactions with our brand. Please note that you may not be able
to fully use our Sites, or Content, if you choose not to provide your Personal
Information when requested.
Advertisers,
Co-sponsors and Links
Our Sites may contain or display information from (or
permit the collection of information by) third party co-sponsors, advertisers,
retailers, distributors, or others (each, a "Third Party
Advertisers") that offer to make information, goods or services available,
provide opportunities to participate in promotions or engage in activities or
that link or redirect your browser to other websites, materials or
organizations, or that provide us with other services. For example, we may
permit Third Party Advertisers to display or serve advertising on our Sites. We
and certain Third Party Advertisers may use first-party cookies and third-party
cookies together, and other automated technologies, and in some cases
additional information, (i) to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past
visits to our Sites or other factors and (ii) to report how ad impressions,
other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad
services are related to visits to our Sites or other factors. For example, our
Sites may use cookie-related services provided by Google (such as Google
Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, Remarketing with Google
Analytics, and Google Display
Network Impression Reporting). You may visit the Network Advertising Initiative's Consumer Opt-Out page or the
Digital Advertising Alliance's Consumer Choice page to opt out of receiving tailored
advertising based on your Internet browsing activities from companies that participate in those
programs. Some of our advertising-related activities may involve the services
of companies that do not participate in those programs. The opt-outs apply only
to the browser in which you set them. You should be aware that even if you
encounter an advertisement, link or reference to a Third Party Advertiser’s
website on one of our Sites and even if we have a relationship with the Third
Party Advertiser, we do not control them, their websites or their policies and
practices regarding use of their websites or any rules they have regarding the
use of cookies or collection, use or disclosure of your information (including
Personal Information). These are within their control and not ours and the
terms and conditions, as well as the privacy policies that apply to these Third
Party Advertisers and their websites are their responsibility, not ours.
Disclosure to
Third Parties
We may also share Personal Information we collect with our
service providers (“Operational Service Providers”) who perform services on our
behalf including for the purpose of delivering advertising, marketing,
administering, operating, configuring site design, maintaining and providing
internal support for our Sites and Content on the Sites or performing other
services for us or on our behalf. Note that any supplemental privacy policy
that applies to your use of a particular Site may contain additional detail
regarding disclosure practices specific to that Site, beyond what is described
below. We request that our Operational Service Providers protect your privacy
and not disclose your Personal Information to third party marketers that are
not associated with our Sites, nor are they permitted to use your Personal Information
for their own marketing, promotional, or other purposes. We may share Personal
Information with other Third Parties involved in your transaction, such as
relevant retailers and distributors.
We also reserve the right to make your Personal Information
available to other third parties:
When compelled by a governmental
agency, law, regulation, a court or other legal process;
If we believe you are violating, or
have or may violate, any law, regulation, or our Terms and Conditions;
If we believe you are or may be a
threat to the safety, property, interests or rights of Benjamin Moore or
others;
In order to investigate, respond to
or resolve problems or inquiries or defend our interests;
In the event of a merger,
acquisition, change of control, joint venture or other business combination.
How Your
Information Is Used
We use your Personal Information for a number of business
purposes, including: (a) for the specific purpose for which it was submitted
(e.g., to receive communications by e-mail); (b) to improve the Content,
appearance and utility of our Sites and to tailor your experience on our Sites;
(c) to trace our visitors' use of our Sites, (d) for research purposes; (e) to
monitor compliance with our Terms and Conditions and otherwise protect our
rights and property; (f) for marketing and other communications; and (g) for
any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy or in any other supplemental
privacy policy or notice applicable to the relevant Sites.
Security
We maintain a reasonable standard of security and
confidentiality and try to limit information access to individuals who need to
have such access to perform their responsibilities associated with our Sites.
The Internet, however, and communications cannot be guaranteed to be secure and
it is possible that others may unlawfully intercept or access information,
transmissions or communications to, from or within our Websites. By using our
Websites you are agreeing to assume this risk and any and all responsibility
and liability that may arise.
Your Rights
Regarding Personal Information
In addition to any terms, conditions or rights that are
described in any supplemental privacy policy applicable to particular Sites, we
honor any applicable legal requirement to provide you with the right to request
that Benjamin Moore: (a) provide, correct or update your Personal Information;
(b) limit its sharing of your Personal Information with third parties; (c)
delete your Personal Information; or (d) opt out of various forms of direct
marketing. Although we may provide you with the ability to update or delete
Personal Information directly online, some Personal Information may not be
changed or deleted by you and requires you to contact Benjamin Moore for
verification (e.g., birth date, email address, name). If any of our Sites do
not allow you to update or delete Personal Information online, or if you need
to change information that needs verification, please contact us.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any
time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by
contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from
the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you
service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of
your account.
Minors
We do not knowingly solicit Personal Information from or
market to children under 13 years of age. If we learn that Personal Information
from users less than 13 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the
account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our
records.
International
Transfers
If you are using the Sites from outside the United States,
please be aware that your Personal Information will be transferred to, stored,
and processed in the United States. Although we take steps to provide adequate
safeguards, the data protection laws of the United States might not be as
comprehensive as those in your country. We endeavor to apply suitable
safeguards to protect the privacy and security of Personal Information
transferred to us in the United States, and to use it only in a manner
consistent with your relationship with us and the practices described in this
Privacy Policy.
Retention
We retain your Personal Information only for so long as is
necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your Personal Information was collected, unless a longer retention period
is permitted or required by applicable law.
Do Not Track
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and
mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can
activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online
browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for
recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not
currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically
communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online
tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about
that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
Your
California Privacy Rights
The state of California provides its residents with certain
rights concerning their Personal Information. This section describes how
California residents may exercise their rights with respect to the Personal
Information that we collect under this Privacy Policy.
A. Categories of Personal Information Subject to
California Privacy Rights
In accordance with California law, we collected the
following categories of Personal Information within the preceding 12 months:
Identifiers (for example, name,
email address, and IP address);
Phone number;
Payment information (for example,
the credit card number processed on our behalf by a payment processor);
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic
network activity information, including information on your usage of our
Service (“Usage Information”);
Geolocation data; and
Inferences drawn from any
information identified above to create a profile.
We share each of these categories of Personal Information
with our Operational Service Providers to the extent necessary for our business
and operational purposes and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Additionally,
within the past 12 months, some of our online advertisers may have used and
disclosed Usage Information collected automatically from our Sites. This may be
a “sale” as broadly defined under the CCPA.
Therefore, we provide you the right to opt out of this “sale” of
Personal Information as described, below.
B. Your California Privacy Rights
In accordance with California law, California consumers may
exercise under the following rights with respect to their Personal Information:
Privacy Right
Description
Access
You have the right to request information on the
categories of Personal Information that we collected in the previous twelve
(12) months, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information
was collected, the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected
about you, and the business purposes for which such Personal Information is
collected and shared.  You also have the
right to request information on the categories of Personal Information which
were disclosed for business purposes, and the categories of third parties in
the twelve (12) months preceding your request for Personal Information.
Data
Portability
You have the right to receive the Personal Information
you have previously provided to us.
Erasure
You have a right to request to have your Personal
Information deleted from our servers and we will direct our service providers
to do the same. However, please be aware that we may not fulfill your request
for deletion if we (or our service provider(s)) are required to retain your
Personal Information for one or more of the following categories of purposes:
(1) to complete a transaction for which the Personal Information was
collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or complete a contract
between us and you; (2) to ensure our website integrity, security, and
functionality; (3) to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or
exercise rights under the law; (4) to otherwise use your Personal
Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the
context in which you provided the information.
Opt Out
You have a right to
opt-out of certain disclosures of Personal Information to third parties, if
such disclosures constitute a “sale” under California law.  As noted above, in the past twelve (12)
months we enabled advertisers to collect certain information from the Sites,
which the advertisers may use to improve their interest-based advertising
networks.  Regardless of whether this
is a “sale,” you may opt-out of interest-based advertising as described in
the “Cookies” section above.
To exercise your rights listed above, please complete the Privacy Web Form.  Alternatively, you may send (or have your authorized agent
send) an email to info@benjaminmoore.com or call us
toll-free at: 1-855-724-6802. While we take
measures to ensure that those responsible for receiving and responding to your
request are informed of your rights and how to help you exercise those rights,
when contacting us to exercise your rights, we ask you to please adhere to the
following guidelines:
Tell Us Which Right You Are Exercising: Specify which right you want to exercise and the Personal
Information to which your request relates (if not to you). If you are acting on
behalf of another consumer, please clearly indicate this fact and your
authority to act on such consumer’s behalf;
Help Us Verify Your Identity: Provide us with information to verify your identify. For
example, provide us (at a minimum) your phone number or email address. If your
phone number or email address appears in our records, we may contact you to
help confirm that you are making the request. Please note that if we cannot
initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete
the verification process. Any Personal Information you disclose to us for
purposes of verifying your identity will solely be used for the purpose of
verification.
Direct Our Response Delivery: Please provide us with an e-mail or mailing address through
which we can provide our response. If you make the request by email, unless
otherwise requested, we will assume that we can respond to the email address
from which you made the request.
European
Union (EU) Residents
If you are in the EU and wish to exercise your rights under the General
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), please complete the EU Privacy Web Form.  Alternatively, you may send (or have your authorized agent
send) an email to info@benjaminmoore.com or call us
toll-free at: 1-855-724-6802.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please use this web form to contact us, or email us at
info@benjaminmoore.com. You can also write to us via postal mail at:
Privacy Administrator
Benjamin Moore & Co.
101 Paragon Drive
Montvale, NJ 07645