https://www.spendoraudio.com/privacy-policy/
ABOUT
PRODUCTS
A-Line
D-Line
Classic
CONTACT
NEWS
WHERE TO BUY
Privacy Policy
Effective date: 25th May 2018
Spendor Audio Ltd (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
All your Personal Data shall be held and used in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and national laws implementing GDPR and any legislation that replaces it in whole or in part and any other legislation relating to the protection of personal data. If you want to know what Personal Data we collect and hold about you, or to exercise any of your rights as set out below, please email us at info@spendoraudio.com
Spendor Audio Ltd is the controller of your Personal Data for the purposes of the GDPR and is a company registered under number 07231308 and whose VAT number is 592080537.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as our Terms and Conditions, which are provided when undertaking our Service.
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.
Data Controller
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of
the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify
you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, city, county, postcode
Cookies and Usage Data
You may provide us with information in a number of ways:
By supplying us with the Information as listed above, on an individual basis by registering as to use our Service or subscribing to receive updates or offers from us.
By corresponding with us by email, in which case we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
Through any preferences and areas of interest as advised by you on subscribing to our online services;
By Information provided when you use our mobile optimised website from your portable hand-held device including details of your physical location, where you have agreed to it being used.
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us at any time, by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the emails or by contacting us directly.
Go to top of page