http://www.parkbank.com/terms-of-use
New COVID-19 Branch Accessibility
All branches are drive-thru and by appointment only services. For more detailed branch information, and ways to bank during COVID, click learn more.
Learn More
Close
Terms of Use
Home Terms of Use
Aa
Aa
Aa
Back to top Any individual, organization or public entity that uses the Park Bank (the “website”) does so subject to the following terms and conditions.Use of website. This website provides information about financial products and services available from or through Park Bank or its subsidiaries and affiliates (“we” or “us”).We may make changes to the products or services shown on this site at any time. Not all products and services we offer may be available in each of the locations where we do business, and products may not be available in every location on the same terms. Our products and services are offered only in jurisdictions where they may be lawfully offered.No Personal Advice. This website contains general information about financial or tax topics, and in some places, we provide tools or calculators to help you see how different products may affect your finances. Since we can’t know all of your personal circumstances in an online session, nothing on this website is intended to provide personal financial, tax or legal advice. You must consult with your own financial, tax, insurance and legal advisers. We do not create a fiduciary relationship with you through your use of this site.Links to Third Party Sites or Products. This website may provide links to websites controlled by third parties who are not Park Bank affiliates or subsidiaries. If we create such a link, we will let you know when you are leaving our website. We disclaim liability for any information, materials, products or services offered at any of the third party sites linked to this website. The availability of a link to another party’s website is provided as a convenience, but it does not constitute an endorsement or sponsorship of any third party or their products, and does not create an affiliation or partnership between Park Bank and any third party. You should also be aware that third parties have different privacy policies than Park Bank, and those third parties may treat your personal information differently than we do, and may have different information security practices.No warranty. We try to ensure that the information on this site is accurate and up-to-date. However, we do not warrant information appearing on this site or services provided through this site for completeness, timeliness or accuracy. All content is provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. We disclaim any implied warranty, including but not limited to any warranty of merchant ability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.Limitation of liability. Park Bank will not be liable for any damages if this website is unavailable for any reason, or if your computer or any program you use is infected by a virus or other malicious program. In no event will Park Bank be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages, or any damages for loss of use, lost data or lost profits arising out of or relating to the use of this website or the copying, display or use of information accessed through this site, whether or not Park Bank was advised of or aware of the possibility of such damages. This disclaimer of liability is effective without regard to the form of any action, including but not limited to contract, negligence, tort, strict liability or any other theory.Unauthorized Use. Unauthorized use of our website and computer systems, including but not limited to unauthorized entry into our computer systems, misuse of passwords, or misuse of any information posted to this site, is strictly prohibited. Any attempted unlawful use may subject you to liability for damages or criminal prosecution.Privacy Policy, Information Security and Online Fraud. Please review our Privacy Policy and information about the types of information we gather when people use our website, and suggestions for protecting the security of your personal information online. Please contact us immediately if you believe that you have been a victim of fraud or identity theft involving an account with us.Other Service Agreements. If you are a Park Bank customer and access your account information or conduct transactions through this site, the terms and conditions of the particular service supplement these website terms and conditions. If these website terms and conditions conflict with the agreement or disclosures governing the particular service you receive from us, the terms, conditions and disclosures governing that particular service will control.Jurisdiction; Entire Agreement. These website terms and conditions will be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Wisconsin, USA, and other applicable federal laws. If any part of these terms and conditions is unenforceable, that part will be considered severable, and will not affect the validity of any remaining provisions.Updates. We reserve the right to revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this agreement online. Revisions will be effective as of the time the revised agreement is posted online. We are not required to notify you of changes to these Terms and Conditions before they become effective.You may not copy the material on this site, upload, post, publish, transmit or distribute it in any way (whether electronically or otherwise) or create other works based on it, including but not limited to use as meta tags on other pages or sites on the World Wide Web without Park Bank’s prior written consent. Copies made incidentally in the ordinary course of your use of this website (such as in cache memory) and a reasonable number of printed copies for your own personal or internal business use are permitted, provided you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark or other notices. Title to and all intellectual property rights in the material on this site remain in Park Bank and its licensees.The trademarks, logos and service marks (the “Marks”) displayed on the website are the property of Park Bank and other parties.
Close
Home
Private BankingWhat is Private Banking?
Our Services
Private Banking Team
Back
BusinessNonprofit BankingCommunity Support
Community Partners
Back
Lending
Business ServicesAccounts
Online Services
Mobile Banking
Merchant Services
Funds Management
Credit Cards
Back
Wealth Management
Business Team
Back
PersonalPersonal AccountsChecking
Savings
Switch to Park Bank
Back
Technology
LendingPersonal Loans
Credit Cards
Home Loans
Back
Wealth Management
Personal Banking Team
Back
Home LoansCheck Current Rates
Loan Options
Testimonials
Mortgage Team
Back
AboutOur Team
News & Articles
Careers
Board of Directors
Branches & ATMs
Apply OnlineOPEN A NEW ACCOUNT
Apply for Personal Loan, Auto Loan or HELOC
Back
Back
COVID-19 UpdatesResourcesContact UsCalculatorsInvestment Calculator
Future Value Calculator
Retirement Calculator
Education Planning
Loan Calculator
Mortgage Calculator
Rent Or Buy Calculator
Early Mortgage Payoff Calculator
Credit Card Payoff Calculator
College Savings Calculator
Monthly Savings Calculator
Car Affordablity Calculator
Loan Affordability Calculator
Mortgage Qualification Calculator
Loan Consolidation Calculator
Retirement Longevity Calculator
Back
Core Conversion
Search