https://www.beefboard.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
The following are the rules or “Terms” that govern use of the www.beefboard.org website operated by the Cattlemen’s Beef Promotion And Research Board (“CBB”). By using or visiting the website, you expressly agree to be bound by these Terms and to follow these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations governing the site. By using or visiting the CBB website, you expressly agree to our privacy policy, which is posted directly below these terms. We reserve the right to change these Terms at any time, effective immediately upon posting on the site.
Internal links within this website are funded and maintained by the Beef Checkoff program. Outgoing links may be to websites maintained by third parties not funded by the checkoff. As such, the Beef Checkoff program is not responsible for the quality, safety, completeness, accuracy or nature of third-party content. Links to third-party websites should not be considered an endorsement by the Beef Checkoff of the actual website or the company or organization that owns/manages that website.
You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device or manual process to monitor or copy our Web pages or the content contained thereon for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior expressed written permission. You agree that you will not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the www.beefboard.org website. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. You agree that you will not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works or publicly display any content from our website without the prior expressed written permission from the CBB.
Disclaimers
The CBB does not promise that the website will be error-free, uninterrupted, nor that it will provide specific results from use of the site, search or link on it. The website and its content are delivered on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. The CBB cannot ensure that files you download from the site will be free of viruses or contamination or destructive features.
Disputes
If there is any dispute about or involving the site, by using the site, you agree that the dispute will be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You agree to personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts of the State of Colorado, City of Centennial.
Privacy Policy
Please note that we will respect your privacy and will never share your personal information without your permission.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information and user-specific information on which pages visitors access or visit, and information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information, e-mail newsletter subscriptions, and/or website registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and then may be discarded, used to improve the content of our website, or used by us to contact visitors for marketing or survey purposes.
Cookies:
All visitors are issued a session cookie to maintain your state during your visit. Session cookies are discarded by your browser upon closing your browser software. Session cookies are required for proper use of our website. Visitors who login to our site may opt to allow a persistent cookie on their computer to enable automatic future logins. This feature is optional and not required.
Cancellation:
If you do not want to receive e-mail communication from us in the future, please let us know by contacting us at beefboard@beefboard.org.
Please note:
With your permission, occasionally we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our website available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by contacting us at beefboard@beefboard.org.
Upon request we provide website visitors with access to all information (including proprietary information) that we maintain about them. Visitors can access, and if desired, correct this information by contacting us at beefboard@beefboard.org.
Security:
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our Web site.
We will occasionally update this privacy statement to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this statement or in how we will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification.
Twitter
Created with Sketch.
©2020 Beef Checkoff
7555 E. Hampden Ave., Suite 610, Denver, CO 80231
Privacy Policy
Phone: (303) 220-9890
Fax: (303) 220-9280
ARMS Login
Internal links within this website are funded and maintained by the Beef Checkoff program. Outgoing links may be to websites maintained by third parties not funded by the checkoff.