http://www.campkins.com/our-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.The Information We CollectThis notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Campkin's RV Centre website. On some pages, you can request a service appointment, register to receive materials from us or our suppliers and, as on this page, make product purchases. The types of personal information collected on these pages are:
first and last name
email address
phone number
fax number
home or billing address
city
province or state
postal or zip code
country
your RV year, make the model
type of servicing required
etc...
The Way We Use InformationWe use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter as well as updates on our new products and services.
We collect personal information prior to performing transactions for the purposes of cross-checking credit card information through our secure transaction gateway services. The information collected above is required but will not be used for or forfeited to any other company, supplier or service.
Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How to Contact UsShould you have any other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-877-898-9916 or send us an email at sales@campkins.com.
Contact Us
Send us a quick question or comment
Please include me in your email list