http://www.life-insurance-underwriting.org/privacy.htm
LIFE INSURANCE UNDERWRITING GUIDE
Underwriting Study
-
Life Insurance Companies
-
About Us
-
Questions
-
Further Study
Your privacy...
...is very important to us. Please let us know if you
have any questions, concerns, suggestions...
PRIVACY POLICY
Because we
want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we are posting this Privacy Policy
to notify you of:
1.
What personally
identifiable information is
collected from you through our web site
2.
The organization collecting the information
3.
How the information is used
4.
With whom the information may be shared
5.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and
distribution of the information
6.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If
you feel that we are not abiding by our posted privacy policy, you
should email us at
info@life-insurance-underwriting.org, or contact us at:
Life Insurance Underwriters
1432 Maple Ridge Ct.
Carol Stream, IL 60188
(630) 372-9002
Information Collection and Use
We collect information at this website on our own behalf, and on behalf of our
customers, so that they
may respond to our users' requests for assistance.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways
different from what is disclosed in this statement.
We collect personally identifiable information at several different locations on
our website:
Help Request
When requesting underwriting assistance, a user is required to give
their contact information
(such as name, phone, and email address).  This
information is used to contact the user to provide the requested assistance.  It is
optional for the user to provide additional information (such as age,
gender, and health information), but
encouraged so we can more readily respond to the user's request for assistance.
Help Request information may be shared with a third party
agent, so that
the agent can provide the requested assistance.
Contact Requests
When filling out our contact request forms, a user is required to give
their contact information
(such as name, phone, and email address).  This
information is used to contact the user to provide the requested assistance.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored
an your computer's hard drive.
We do not use cookies.
Log Files
We use Internet industry standard practices using IP addresses to track visits, analyze trends,
and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This web site contains
links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible
for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read
the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally
identifiable information.  This privacy statement applies solely to information
collected by this Web site.
Correcting/Updating
Personal Information:
If
your personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code),
or if you no longer desire our service, you may email Customer Service at
info@life-insurance-underwriting.org, or phone or mail us at:
Life Insurance Underwriters
1432 Maple Ridge Ct.
Carol Stream, IL 60188
(630) 372-9002
Choice/Opt-out
We do not share users' information, except for the purpose of servicing the user's request,
as indicated in this policy under "Help Request."
If a user does not
want this information to be shared, the user should not fill out the request form.
The user
can still use all of the other services provided at our website that do not require the use
of personally identifiable information.
Help
-
Suggest
-
Home
Copyright
Life Insurance Underwriters
2002-2020		All Rights Reserved
Legal
-
Privacy