http://www.foamex.com.au/privacy
Update from Foamex regarding COVID-19
Change State
New South Wales
Victoria
Queensland
South Australia
You are viewing Foamex NSW
02 9773 1655
Home
Products
Diamond Pod™ Void Formers
Expol™ Underfloor Insulation
Styroboard™ Expanded Polystyrene Sheets
PurlinK™ Roof Spacers
Expanded Polystyrene Blocks
Expanded Polystyrene Cut Shapes
Styroboard™ Extruded Polystyrene Sheets
Applications
Building
Protective Packaging
Theatre and Props
Signwriting
Sustainability
Energy in Manufacture
Technical
Technical Downloads
What is Expanded Polystyrene
Contact
About Us
About Expanded Polystyrene
News
Website Privacy Policy
This web site is owned and operated by Foamex and will be referred to as "We", "our" and "us" in this Internet Privacy Policy. By using this site, you agree to the Internet Privacy Policy of this web site ("the web site"), which is set out on this web site page. The Internet Privacy Policy relates to the collection and use of personal information you may supply to us through your conduct on the web site.We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify or remove portions of this Internet Privacy Policy at any time. This Internet Privacy Policy is in addition to any other terms and conditions applicable to the web site. We do not make any representations about third party web sites that may be linked to the web site. We recognise the importance of protecting the privacy of information collected about visitors to our web site, in particular information that is capable of identifying an individual ("personal information"). This Internet Privacy Policy governs the manner in which your personal information, obtained through the web site, will be dealt with. This Internet Privacy Policy should be reviewed periodically so that you are updated on any changes. We welcome your comments and feedback.
Personal Information
1.    Personal information about visitors to our site is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. For example, we may need to collect such information to provide you with further services or to answer or forward any requests or enquiries. It is our intention that this policy will protect your personal information from being dealt with in any way that is inconsistent with applicable privacy laws in Australia.
Use of Information
2.    Personal information that visitors submit to our site is used only for the purpose for which it is submitted or for such other secondary purposes that are related to the primary purpose, unless we disclose other uses in this Internet Privacy Policy or at the time of collection. Copies of correspondence sent from the web site, that may contain personal information, are stored as archives for record-keeping and back-up purposes only.
Collecting information on Registered members
3.    As part of registering with us, we collect personal information about you in order for you to take full advantage of our services. To do this it may be necessary for you to provide additional information to us as detailed below.4.    RegistrationRegistration is completely optional. Registration may include submitting your name, email address, address, telephone numbers, option on receiving updates and promotional material and other information. You may access this information at any time by logging in and going to your account.
Credit Card Details
5.    Credit Card details are only stored for the processing of payment and will be deleted once payment is processed.Disclosure6.    Apart from where you have consented or disclosure is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was submitted, personal information may be disclosed in special situations where we have reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, injuring, or interfering (intentionally or unintentionally) with our rights or property, users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. Also, we may disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires disclosure.7.    We may engage third parties to provide you with goods or services on our behalf. In that circumstance, we may disclose your personal information to those third parties in order to meet your request for goods or services.
Security
8.    We strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our sites, and we review and update our security measures in light of current technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.9.    However, we will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information you may transmit to us or from our online products and services. Once we do receive your transmission, we will also make our best efforts to ensure its security on our systems.10.    In addition, our employees and the contractors who provide services related to our information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us. However, we will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access to your personal information.
Collecting Information for Users
11.    IP AddressesOur web servers gather your IP address to assist with the diagnosis of problems or support issues with our services. Again, information is gathered in aggregate only and cannot be traced to an individual user.12.    Cookies and AppletsWe use cookies to provide you with a better experience. These cookies allow us to increase your security by storing your session ID and are a way of monitoring single user access.This aggregate, non-personal information is collated and provided to us to assist in analysing the usage of the site.
This website uses features to target advertising to people based on Google Analytics and other data. This allows us to display ads that relate to products and services you have viewed on our website as you browse other sites on the Google Display Network. These ads are displayed using a combination of 1st and 3rd party cookies. If you would like to opt-out of customised Google Display Network ads you can using the Ads Preferences Manager (https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/). You can also use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/) so you are not tracked into Google Analytics.
Cookies are used on this website to record user-specific information.
We do not trade or sell any information that is volunteered or logged.
We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information.
When we use third parties to provide us with supplementary business services we ensure that they adhere to strict security and privacy standards.
From time to time, we may use collected information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website.
Access to Information
13.    We will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you, and to keep this information accurate and up to date. If, at any time, you discover that information held about you is incorrect, you may contact us to have the information corrected.14.    In addition, our employees and the contractors who provide services related to our information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us.
Links to other sites
15.    We provide links to Web sites outside of our web sites, as well as to third party Web sites. These linked sites are not under our control, and we cannot accept responsibility for the conduct of companies linked to our website. Before disclosing your personal information on any other website, we advise you to examine the terms and conditions of using that Web site and its privacy statement.
Problems or questions
16.    If we become aware of any ongoing concerns or problems with our web sites, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns. If you have any further queries relating to our Privacy Policy, or you have a problem or complaint, please contact us.17.    For more information about privacy issues in Australia and protecting your privacy, visit the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner's web site; http://www.privacy.gov.au/.
07 October 2020
Construction industry favours Australian made EPS solutions
Foamex recently won a $1.4 million contract to sup...
22 July 2020
Why underfloor insulation is key to draught proofing a home
It’s time to rethink how we insulate our homes aga...
10 June 2020
Foamex's EPE sheets used for Melbourne White Night Festival
Melbourne-based artist Joe Blanck is a huge fan of...
Click here to download a product brochure
Privacy | Terms | Latest News | Links | Copyright Foamex 2012 | Icon Visual Marketing
View our other Foamex pages for state-specific products and information:
South Australia |
New South Wales |
Victoria |
Queensland
Foamex manufactures expanded polystyrene (EPS) and extruded polystyrene (XPS) products for a broad range of applications such as building construction and including foam wall insulation and architectural profiles, road construction, protective packaging, cold storage and refrigeration, sign writing, displays, and decorative fixtures.