https://www.taylormadegolf.com/shared-customer-service-customer-legal/privacy.html?lang=en_US
Home
Privacy Policy
Menu
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Revised: November 4, 2020
Thank you for visiting the Privacy Policy of Taylor Made Golf Company, Inc. ("TaylorMade"). TaylorMade values your privacy, and wants you to feel comfortable and secure doing business with us and using our websites, including taylormadegolf.com, taylormadegolfdirect.com, and any other TaylorMade website or application which links to this Policy (the "TaylorMade Websites"). This Privacy Policy describes our practices and governs the use of personal information we collect from you or about you through the TaylorMade Websites, written or oral communications, or from other sources. This Privacy Policy also explains the rights you have over your personal information and how you can opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information, and, as a courtesy, provides a number of useful links to third party information regarding privacy protection. However, TaylorMade does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy and/or completeness of such third party information.
Who We Are and Websites We Own and Operate
TaylorMade is a US-based golf equipment and accessories manufacturer and retailer headquartered at 5545 Fermi Court, Carlsbad, California 92008, USA.
This Privacy Policy applies to consumers and visitors of the TaylorMade Websites in the United States only. Links within these sites could direct you to third party websites that Taylormade does not own or control. TaylorMade has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites, which may employ cookies and/or collect personal information. In addition, TaylorMade will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third party site. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the TaylorMade Websites, and to read the privacy policy of each website that you visit. TaylorMade affiliates may have their own privacy policy governing websites other than the above TaylorMade Websites.
By further browsing, creating an account, or registering on the TaylorMade Websites, or contacting TaylorMade Customer Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy, to the extent allowable by law. Where legally allowed only with your express consent, we will affirmatively ask for your consent.Should we make any substantial changes in the way we collect and/or use any personal information we will amend this Privacy Policy, and we may email you to notify you of such changes, and your continued use of any TaylorMade Websites constitutes your consent to the amended Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy addresses the following topics:
Why We Collect Information
Information We Collect
Information We Collect Automatically
Chat Rooms and Forums
Computer Profiles
How We Collect Information
Children’s Online Privacy Protection
Use of Cookies
Use of Web Beacons
Advertising and Online Tracking
Use of IP Addresses
How We Use the Information We Collect
How We Share Your Information
Aggregate Information
Unsolicited Email
TaylorMade Text Message Programs
Your Rights & Choices About the Information We Collect
Your Rights & Choices for Marketing Communications
Retention of Personal Information
Transfer and Processing of Information in the United States
Security
Notice to California Residents
Questions & Changes to Privacy Policy
Why We Collect Information
In this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means any information that can be used to identify you. This information may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, IP address, date of birth, gender, nationality, occupation, personal identification details, golf scores, handicap and other golf-related information, golf club membership, golf product preferences, golf club fitting specifications, photographs, video, preferred communication methods, payment information, and any other type of information that you choose to provide to us, or that we may collect through other public sources, such as national and regional golf associations.
TaylorMade collects personal information because it is necessary to enable us to deliver products and services. For example, if you order a product, we need to have information such as your billing address, product choice, delivery information, and payment processing information. Your personal information also helps us communicate with you about our latest products, services, special offers, sweepstakes, contests, promotions, events and tournaments, and other information you might like to know about, if you so choose.
Additionally, we collect your personal information to help us design, deliver operation of, and tailor your experience on the TaylorMade Websites. We may also correlate the personal information you have provided with information from other sources, which may help us to develop a more targeted user profile concerning you and/or your demographic information. For example, if you provide us with your personal information, we may crosscheck that against information that might otherwise be available through entities with whom we have a business relationship in order to develop a more in-depth demographic profile of you. We may also process personal information to target specific items of interest to you such as golf merchandise, fitting opportunities and events.
Information We Collect
Whenever you register a TaylorMade product, send us an email, purchase a product from a TaylorMade Website, register on one of the TaylorMade Websites, enter a contest, sweepstake, or other promotion, submit data through one of our applications, call Customer Service, subscribe to one of our newsletters, interact with us via a social networking service, or otherwise transmit information via any of the TaylorMade Websites, TaylorMade may obtain and collect your personal information, such as the following:
Your first and last name;
Your contact details, including your postal address, telephone number, and email address;
Your physical traits, including handedness and handicap;
Your game performance data, including your golf scores; and
Your club preferences and specifications.
Information We Collect Automatically
We do not automatically collect your home address, email address, telephone number, and product preferences unless you voluntarily input this information, such as when creating an account, placing an order, or when you submit questions or comments, request information, or participate in online surveys, contests, promotions or other activities. However, as is true of most websites, the TaylorMade Websites collect certain information automatically and store it in log files by using cookies and other automated technologies. For more information on our use of cookies, please see below in the “Cookies” section of this Privacy Policy and in our Cookies Policy found here.
In addition to any personal information or other information that you choose to submit to the TaylorMade Websites, we and our third-party service providers (including content and analytics providers and advertising companies) may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the TaylorMade Websites or one of our advertisements or other content elsewhere online (collectively referred to as “Usage Information”). Usage Information may include the browser, search terms you use; the URL that referred you to a TaylorMade Website; all of the areas within the TaylorMade Websites that you visit, the time of the visit, the links you select from the TaylorMade Websites to elsewhere online, among other information about your visit.
Our systems may also automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier of your computer, cell phone, or other device used to access the TaylorMade Websites (collectively referred to as a “Device Identifier”).
Usage Information and Device Identifiers may be non-identifying or may be associated with you and therefore identifiable. Whenever we associate Usage Information or a Device Identifier with you, as an individual and identifiable person, we treat it as personal information.
Note that your browser settings may allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, the TaylorMade Websites do not respond to a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Chat Rooms and Forums
The TaylorMade Websites may now, or in the future, include chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups. Any information you disclose in these areas becomes public information. You should exercise caution before disclosing your personal information via these public venues, which you do at your own risk. If you do so, you may receive unsolicited emails or "spam" from others. TaylorMade cannot safeguard the privacy of personal information you choose to disclose online in this manner.
Computer Profiles
TaylorMade may also collect and accumulate other anonymous data that helps us understand and analyze the Internet experience of our visitors. For example, we may accumulate visitor data relating to referring domain names, the type of browsers used, operating system software, screen resolutions, color capabilities, browser plug-ins, language settings, cookie preferences, search engine keywords and JavaScript enablement.
How We Collect Information
We collect information in three primary ways:
You give us information: We collect information from you when you create an account with us, sign up to receive marketing communications, purchase a product from us, or when you interact with us about a product, service, or promotion we offer.
We collect information automatically: We automatically collect certain types of personal information when you visit the TaylorMade Websites. For example, we automatically collect various types of technical information when you use the TaylorMade Websites as described in this Privacy Policy.
We collect information from other sources: We may obtain information about you from outside sources. For example, we may obtain commercially available information about you from third parties, such as demographic information for advertising and marketing purposes, or if you own and use our interactive “smart” putter, we may collect your putting data from Blast Motion, Inc. whose sensor is featured in the putter. We may also receive information from third parties who provide third-party tracking services through web-beacons as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy.
Children's Online Privacy Protection
TaylorMade does not knowingly collect contact or personal information from children under 13. Nor are the TaylorMade Websites intended to solicit information of any kind from children under 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received information from a child under 13, we will delete such information from our records. If you want to notify us of our receipt of information by children under 13, please do so by emailing us at privacy@taylormadegolf.com.
California users under the age of 18 may request the removal of their content or information publicly posted on the TaylorMade Websites by e-mailing us at privacy@taylormadegolf.com. Please note that most of the user content that appears on the TaylorMade Websites is stored and controlled by third party providers; thus, complete and comprehensive removal of the content may not be possible.
Use of Cookies
Our browser software transmits "cookies." If enabled, cookies may store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to any of the TaylorMade Websites. Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you visit most often and what content you may have viewed during past visits. When you re-visit the TaylorMade Websites, cookies can enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. We may use cookies to:
keep count of return visits to the TaylorMade Websites;
accumulate and report anonymous, aggregate, statistical information on website usage; and
deliver content and advertising specific to your interests or past viewing history
You can disable cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you can accept or reject cookies, or request a notification when a cookie is set.
Use of Web Beacons
The TaylorMade Websites and certain emails sent to consumers who have not disabled their browsers for web beacons and cookies contain electronic images (called "pixels", "transparent GIF files", or "web beacons") that allow us and our advertising partners to view and access cookies. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page, including an ad banner, can act as a web beacon. A web beacon is a transparent graphic image placed on a web page or in an email, which indicates that a page or email has been viewed or that an email has been forwarded. In some cases, these files are provided by our online management partner. These files enable our online management partner to recognize a unique cookie on your web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to the TaylorMade Websites. The cookie was placed by us or by another advertiser that works with our online management partner. We may also include web beacons in HTML-formatted newsletters and other emails containing graphics that we send, so we may count the number of newsletters and emails that have been opened and read.
Advertising and Online Tracking
We may also use web beacons and cookies to understand your online behavior on the TaylorMade Websites and in communications with TaylorMade to tailor advertisements and other communications shown and sent to you advertising our goods and services. With both cookies and web beacons, the information stored by the web beacon or cookie does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. Our systems do not recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals, but several of our service providers who utilize these cookies and other tracking technologies on the TaylorMade Websites enable you to opt out from receiving this type of advertising. For more information about third party cookies and web beacons, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, click here.
If you would like to know more about how TaylorMade uses cookies and web beacons, including how to opt out of these technologies, please read our Cookies Policy found here. We also provide you with additional tools to opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, and certain disclosures of your information. Please see the “Your Rights & Choices for Marketing Communications” section of this Privacy Policy for more information.
Use of IP Addresses
TaylorMade does not store or record the Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses of visitors to the TaylorMade Websites for marketing purposes, although we may store IP addresses in server logs for features such as to keep your shopping cart active, for system maintenance purposes, or to store the source location whenever someone provides personal information. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. An Internet Service Provider ("ISP") typically assigns a random IP address to your dial-up. For local area network ("LAN"), DSL, or cable modem users, an IP address may be permanently assigned to a particular computer. We typically cannot determine your identity solely based upon your IP address. However, your IP address does reveal what geographic area you are connecting from, or which ISP you are using. Finally, other websites you visit have IP addresses, and we may collect the IP addresses of those websites and their pages, but these IP addresses do not tend to be associated with Internet users.
How We Use the Information We Collect
TaylorMade may use your personal information in the following ways:
to enable us to respond to you generally, or to process, validate and verify requests and/or purchase orders;
to perform any services requested by you;
to compile and/or distribute aggregate information about our website users and aggregate usage patterns;
to provide our own website designers with useful information for improving our websites and developing new features and services that meet your needs;
to tailor your experience on the TaylorMade Websites and our communications with you, showing you content and sending you information we think might interest you or altering the content and our communications according to your personal preferences and interests; and
to share with government agencies, law enforcement, or with third parties if we think we are legally obligated, or to protect ourselves. For example, we will disclose information in response to subpoenas, investigative requests, and reasonable discovery requests.
How We Share Your Information
TaylorMade may disclose your personal information to TaylorMade subsidiary and affiliated companies; as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy; or with your express consent.
For example, if you are located in Mexico and you place an order on taylormadegolf.com, we will share information about you and your order with our preferred international seller of TaylorMade items in your area, eShopWorld, so that eShopWorld can complete your transaction. Information we will share with eShopWorld includes your name, e-mail address, mailing address (if you have provided one), phone number, and items in your shopping cart. eShopWorld is a third party that is not a TaylorMade affiliate or subsidiary. For more information about how eShopWorld will use your information, please read its Privacy Policy. If you are located in Mexico and do not want us to share your information with eShopWorld, do not click “Checkout” on taylormadegolf.com.
TaylorMade may also use your personal information for marketing and survey purposes on behalf of itself and its affiliates and subsidiaries; when legally required, TaylorMade will obtain your express consent to such use in advance. TaylorMade may appoint third party agents in connection with such marketing and survey efforts. TaylorMade may disclose personal information to select third-party retailers via the TaylorMade mobile fitting application, MyFittingExperience, while you are visiting these retailers for a fitting, to support your prospective and actual purchases from the retailer.
TaylorMade may share your personal information and other data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with TaylorMade. If TaylorMade is merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of its assets, TaylorMade may disclose or transfer your personal information and other data in connection with such transaction. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if, according to applicable data protection laws, it will result in the handling of your personal information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy. We ensure that we have internal data protection policies, procedures, and practices adequately to safeguard the use and security of the personal information and to collect, store, and use it as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you have exercised your opt-out rights, TaylorMade may use or disclose your personal information: (1) when legally ordered to do so by a lawful subpoena or court order, (2) if you violate or breach an agreement with TaylorMade and TaylorMade seeks legal redress, (3) if we believe you will harm the property or rights of TaylorMade or those of TaylorMade's other customers, (4) under exigent circumstances to protect the physical safety of TaylorMade, its employees or contractors, users or the general public, (5) to validate credit card numbers for charging for fee services where relevant, (6) where we have some other legal obligation to process your personal information, or (7) in connection with any relevant transaction or other contract we have with you.
Aggregate Information
TaylorMade may share aggregate statistical information with business partners, sponsors or other third parties. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of visitors visited a certain area on the TaylorMade Websites, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out registration forms. Such information is not treated as personal information because it does not identify you.
Unsolicited Email
TaylorMade does not send unsolicited bulk emails to anyone who has requested that we do not contact them. We send our newsletters only to those who have subscribed to receive them. If you have inadvertently received one of our newsletters or other marketing communication, or if you simply wish to stop receiving them, please follow the "unsubscribe" instructions contained in each newsletter or send a request to be unsubscribed to privacy@taylormadegolf.com. We may still send you emails that do not contain marketing, like transactional emails should you purchase merchandise via the TaylorMade Websites or email notifying you of policy changes including to this Privacy Policy.
TaylorMade Text Message Programs
TaylorMade offers various text message programs from time to time. You may elect to receive text messages. If you sign up to receive text messages, we will send you marketing and other information. These messages may use information automatically collected based on your actions while on our sites and may prompt messaging such as cart reminders. If you opt to have SMS notifications sent directly to your mobile phone, we receive and store the information you provide, including your telephone number, when you read a message, your carrier’s name, the date, the time, and the content of your messages, transactions you conducted with us on taylormadegolf.com, and ay other information that you provide to us.
If you have opted-in to receive text messages from TaylorMade, you can opt-out of receiving future text messages at any time by texting STOP to our text messages. Please see the terms and conditions applicable to our Mobile Messaging Program to learn more, including how to opt-out of receiving future text messages. Message & Data Rates May Apply. For Customer Service, please contact us at 877.860.8624 between 6 AM and 4 PM PST, Monday through Friday, or email us at privacy@taylormadegolf.com .
Your Rights & Choices About the Information We Collect
It is important that you are able to control your personal information. We are committed to providing you with control over your personal information. To the extent required by applicable law, you have the right to request a copy of your personal information that we maintain in our systems and databases and, where appropriate, request that we update, correct, or delete your personal information, or that we no longer contact you.
Please be aware that it is not always possible to completely delete, erase, or comply with your request with respect to all of your personal information without some residual data backups in our systems and databases, because we still need to process your personal information for the purpose the data was collected, or we need your information to comply with legal obligations, perform contracts, resolve disputes, and for other legitimate reasons.
We are also unable to delete your transactional data related to your purchases and returns because we need to keep these records as long as required by applicable law.
If we are precluded from honoring your request to delete your personal information, we will inform you of the reasons for the rejection. We will process all such requests within 30 days of receipt or within such other time as specified by applicable law. Please submit your requests toprivacy@taylormadegolf.com .
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure so that we do not disclose personal information to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. Occasionally, it may take us longer than 30 days to process your request, for example, if your request is particularly complex or if you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
If you have a registered account with TaylorMade and would like to update or delete your contact information, please visit the “Account Settings” section and update the “Personal Data” section of your personal information details.
Your Rights & Choices for Marketing Communications
You will not receive marketing communications from TaylorMade unless you have opted in by checking the box under Account Settings on a TaylorMade Website. Should you opt-in to receiving marketing communications, you have the right to opt-out at any time by managing your Account Settings, emailing us atprivacy@taylormadegolf.com , or clicking on the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the newsletter or email. Please note that it may take us 10 business days to honor your request or a shorter period where required by law.
Retention of Personal Information
Your personal information may be retained by TaylorMade for as long as the purposes for which the personal information was collected continue and require it, or if the retention is necessary for our legal or business purposes. For example, we may need to retain your personal information if we need to defend a legal claim or in case of a dispute. In addition, we retain the right to keep non-identifiable information related to game performance, use of TaylorMade products and/or applications for research and development purposes to improve our products and user experience. Should you have opted-in to TaylorMade marketing, we will retain your personal information for marketing purposes until you notify us (by opting out) that you no longer wish to receive marketing materials from us.
Transfer and Processing of Information to the United States
TaylorMade is a United States corporation headquartered in California. Information we collect from you will be transferred and processed in the United States. Although access to the TaylorMade Websites is available around the world, use and enjoyment of the TaylorMade Websites is governed and operated in accordance with the laws of the United States. Where activity of TaylorMade as operator of TaylorMade Websites subjects it to European data protection laws, TaylorMade complies with the requirements of those laws and regulations. TaylorMade makes no representations that the TaylorMade Websites are governed or operated in accordance with the law of any other state. If you are located outside the United States, please be aware that personal information you provide and/or collected by TaylorMade may be transferred to and processed in the United States and the United Kingdom.
When visiting the TaylorMade Websites your connection will be through and to servers located in the United States. All information you receive from us will be created on servers located in the United States, and all information you provide will be maintained on web servers and systems located in the United States. By using the TaylorMade Websites and/or submitting information to us, you specifically consent to the transfer of your information to the facilities and servers in the United States, and to those with whom we may share your information as described in this Privacy Policy, to the extent allowable by law. Where legally allowed only with your explicit consent, we will affirmatively ask you for your consent.
Security
The TaylorMade Websites use physical, electronic and managerial security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control.
We use Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") connections with 128-bit encryption for certain transactions and confidential data. When you use a secure browser, all information you submit comes to us over the Internet in an encrypted form. Every secure page uses a digital certificate issued by a third-party certification authority. A site certificate sits on all secure pages. To view this certificate, click on the image of the closed lock or the solid key on the bottom bar of your browser window.
We monitor system and application activity logs to identify unusual activity from authorized and/or unauthorized individuals accessing our systems and/or making changes to stored information. We regularly perform preventative system maintenance and monitoring of our data systems.
We maintain our servers in locked facilities with restricted access. Backup tapes are retrieved daily and stored in a secure, off-site location.
The TaylorMade Websites do not require you to set up a user ID and password unless you subscribe create an account under Account Settings, enroll in some of our other services or create a purchasing account with us. We recommend you do not divulge your password to anyone. TaylorMade will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited telephone call or email.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network is 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk. You can report network abuse, including suspected malware or phishing, and any other risk of security violation by emailing privacy@taylormadegolf.com.
Notice to California Residents
Erasure Law
California users under the age of 18 may request the removal of their content or information publicly posted on the TaylorMade Websites. Please note that most user content that appears on the TaylorMade Websites is stored and controlled by third party providers; thus, complete and comprehensive removal of the content may not be possible.
To make an Erasure Law request, email us atprivacy@taylormadegolf.com with Erasure Law (under age 18) in the subject line, and include your full name, e-mail address, and postal address in your message. We will respond within 30 days or as otherwise required by law.
Shine the Light Law
If you are a California resident, you can request a list of personal information, if any, we have shared with third parties for their own marketing purposes. We will also give you a list of such third parties. You can make this request once per year. Please be aware that we do not currently disclose personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes.
To make a Shine the Light request, email us atprivacy@taylormadegolf.com with Shine the Light in the subject line, and include your full name, e-mail address, and postal address in your message. We will respond within 30 days or as otherwise required by law.
California Consumer Privacy Act
If you are a California resident, you have the following additional privacy rights:
Request to Know:You have the right to request the personal information we have about you, the categories of your personal information we have collected, shared, and sold, if any, in the past 12 months, the purposes for collecting your personal information, and the categories of third parties we have shared or sold, if any, your personal information with.
Affirmative Authorization: We do not sell your personal information. Should we wish to sell your personal information in the future, we will seek your affirmative authorization. Accordingly, at present, we are not accepting or acting upon any such affirmative authorization.
Request to Delete:You have the right to request that we delete personal information collected from you. We will however maintain a record of your request to delete. Should we be unable delete your personal information, we will explain why.
Request this Privacy Policy in an Alternative Format: Should you have a disability, you have the right to request that this Policy be provided to you in an alternative format.
Appoint an Authorized Agent: You have the right to use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf when you sign the authorization in a way that complies with the ESIGN Act. To act on your request, the authorized agent must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf. We may otherwise deny your or your agent’s requests.
Non-Discrimination:We will not discriminate against anyone for exercising any of these rights.
You or your designated agent may exercise any of your California Consumer Privacy Act rights by emailing us atprivacy@taylormadegolf.com
or calling us at 877.860.8624
between 6 AM and 4 PM PST, Monday through Friday . We will need to verify your identity (or your agent’s where appliable) prior to addressing or fulfilling a request made pursuant to the CCPA. Your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information. If we cannot verify your or your agent’s identity within 45 days, we may deny your request. Otherwise we will respond within 30 days or within such other time as specified by law.
Name
Physical Address
Phone Number
E-Mail Address
IP Address
Date of Birth
Gender
Nationality
Occupation
Personal identification details
Golf scores, handicap and other golf-related information
Photographs and video
Preferred communication methods
Payment and other transaction information
Interactions with Customer Service
Information received from cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies
Usage Information as defined in this Privacy Policy
Device Information as defined in this Privacy Policy
Any other type of information that you choose to provide to us.
Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose:
We may disclose each of the above categories of personal information for business purposes.
Sources of Information:
Self-disclosure (e.g., information provided you provide to obtain our products or use our services or information you provide in chat rooms)
Business partners (e.g. content and analytics companies, advertising and marketing companies, golf clubs, select retailers)
Technical service providers (e.g., cloud service providers)
Business Purposes for Collection and Use of Information:
Provide products and services
Sponsor tournaments and events, contests, sweepstakes, and promotions
Perform market research and aggregated analytics
Prevent, detect, and manage unlawful or threatening behavior
Market products and services, and target offers
Provide customer service
Do Not Track.
TaylorMade Websites do not respond to "do not track" requests from browsers.
Questions & Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time, without notice to you, in which case we will post the amended Privacy Policy on the TaylorMade Websites, including its effective date. We may email you to notify you about material changes, but you should check our website to see the current Privacy Policy in effect.
Secondary Navigation
General
Frequently Asked Questions
Charitable Giving
Authorized eBay Sellers
Authorized Online Retailers
Authorized Amazon Sellers
M3 & M4 Tuning Manuals
Ordering
Size Chart
Orders
Returns
Information About Returns
Warranty
My Account
Opening An Account
Legal & Privacy
Patents
Privacy Policy
Loyalty Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Club Trade-In Terms and Conditions
Mobile Messaging Program
Contact us
Call us
1-877-860-8624
To place an order or inquire about an existing order, call us toll free (within the USA) at
1-877-860-8624.
Customer Service Hours of Operation: M-F 6am-4pm PST. Closed weekends and most US Holidays.
Online Orders
1 (877) 860 8624
Wholesale Accounts &
TaylorMade Golf Direct
1-800-888-2582
Close