http://www.ibat.org/website-privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
AdvocacyFederal LegislatureCongressional Visit
Legislative Letters
Priorities and Recent Legislation
Find Your Legislator
Federal RegulatorsComment Letters
Recent Final Rules
State LegislatureState Bill Finder
Find Your State Legislator
State RegulatorsComment Letters
PAC
Grassroots Action Center
ComplianceAsk a Question
PPP Resources
Capitol Comments
Compliance Events
Compliance Forum
Featured Resources
Legal Ease Q&A
Bankers' Resources
Compliance Pathways
Education & EventsEvents Calendar
Events by TypeSummits
Webinars
Seminars
Banking Schools
On-Demand Education
Annual Convention
Ask IBAT Anything
Bank Operations Institute
Connecting Leaders Conference
Congressional Visit
Day at the Capitol
Regional Meetings
VendorConnect
PublicationsThe Texas Independent Banker Magazine
Bottom Line eNewsletter
Capitol Comments
Salary Survey
Associate Member Directory
Get InvolvedMembershipBank and S&L Benefits
CompanyAssociate
Affiliate
Advisory Council
De Novo
Advertising/Sponsorship
Compliance Forum
True Texas Community Bank Program
Find a SupplierIBAT Endorsements
Associate Member
About UsBoard of Directors
Committees
Staff
Contact Us
You are hereHome ›
Website Privacy Policy
Last revised July 2012
At the Independent Bankers Association of Texas (“IBAT”, “we” or “our”), we value your privacy. This Privacy Statement describes what types of information we collect online concerning our website customers and visitors, and explains what we do with that information.
Information We Collect
Our website contains both public and members-only areas. For the members-only areas, you will need to enter your username and password to enter this area. You should be sure to keep any such username and password confidential, and to let us know right away (using any of the contact methods below) if you believe that someone else may have learned your username or password. IBAT owns all usernames and passwords, and may revoke them at its discretion at any time.
Visitors to the public areas of the website remain anonymous. IBAT uses industry-standard software to collect only non-personally identifying information concerning the usage of our website by that visitor, such as the date and time the visitor accessed our website, the visitor’s IP address (a numeric address given to servers connected to the Internet), information concerning the visitor’s web browser, the visitor’s geographic location, and other access-related information.
We also collect data that you personally enter using the website. We may collect this personally identifiable information in connection with online forms and inquiries, email correspondence, or payments and transactions.
How We Use Information
We use access-related and usage-related information to create summary statistics and to determine the level of interest in information available on our website. We also use personally identifiable information provided by you internally, as appropriate, to handle your requests, which may include services such as billing and collecting payment, contacting visitors and prospective members, maintaining or improving our products or services, marketing purposes, enhancing our website, and meeting any legal concerns or obligations.
If you provide us with your email address on any of our website pages, you may automatically be added to our email list and receive emails containing information about our products and services, and other matters that we believe you may be interest in. If you do not wish to receive such emails, you may opt-out by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link found at the bottom of such emails and following the related instructions, or by contacting us using any of the Contact/Opt-Out Methods listed below. If you supply us with your postal address you may receive information about new products or services and upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, you may be removed from our postal mailing list by requesting to be removed using any of the Contact/Opt-Out Methods listed below.
We may provide certain third-party service providers such personally identifiable or other information as may be necessary for those third-party service providers to perform services for us, including database management, Internet services, payment processing, and marketing services. We require such third-party service providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with our privacy practices.
We may provide personally identifiable or other information in response to a lawful request from a law enforcement or government agency or in response to a formal request in a civil action that on its face meets the requirements for such a request. In addition, we may provide personally identifiable information to credit bureaus or collection agencies if we are permitted or required to do so by law.
If, as a member, your organization provides us with contact information, we may sell or otherwise share such information with interested third parties and affiliates (such as IBAT-endorsed providers and the IBAT Education Foundation). However, such contact information does not include email addresses.
Protection and Security of Your Information
We employ reasonable security measures to protect sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, in our possession. However, no electronically stored information is completely secure. Consequently, while we strive to secure the information we have collected online concerning you, we cannot guarantee such security, and you ultimately provide such information at your own risk.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other such websites, and this Privacy Statement applies only to information collected through our website.
Updates to Privacy Statement
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Statement. Although, notice of any such updates which contain any material changes may be posted on our website, we encourage you to check our website periodically for any material changes to this Privacy Statement. The Privacy Statement that is in effect when you submit information will apply to our handling of that information.
Contact/Opt-Out Methods
Should you have any questions or concerns regarding your information or privacy related issues, please contact us via any of the methods listed directly below:
Via Mail:
Independent Bankers Association of Texas
1700 Rio Grande, Suite 100
Austin, Texas 78701
Via Email:
agreavu@ibat.org
Via Telephone:
512-474-6889
Via Fax:
512-322-9004
Upon your verifiable request using any of these methods, we will happily correct inaccurate information concerning you that we may have in reasonably obtainable form.
Find us on:
Formed in 1974, the Independent Bankers Association of Texas (IBAT) represents Texas community banks. The Austin-based group is the largest state community banking organization in the nation, with membership comprised of more than 2,000 banks and branches in 700 Texas communities. Providing safe and responsible financial services to all Texans, IBAT member bank assets range in size from $27 million to $39 billion with combined assets statewide of nearly $256 billion. IBAT member banks are committed to supporting and investing in their local communities.
Copyright © IBAT. All rights reserved. | Contact Us | Website Privacy Policy