https://www.bayer.com/en/privacy-statement.aspx
Privacy Statement
Sorry, you need to enable JavaScript to visit this website.
Skip to content
////// Science for a better life
Our Businesses
Pharmaceuticals
Pharmaceuticals focuses on prescription drugs for the therapeutic areas of cardiology, oncology, gynecology, hematology & ophthalmology.
GLOBAL SITE
Consumer Health
Consumer Health brings consumers some of the world’s best-known and most trusted over-the-counter (OTC) medications, nutritional supplements and other self-care products.
GLOBAL SITE
Crop Science
Crop Science has businesses in seeds, crop protection and non-agricultural pest control.
GLOBAL SITE
Profile and Organization
Organization chart (PDF, 337 KB)
Locations
Bayer Global
Career
Investors
News
Products
Sustainability
CONTACT US
Contact Us
CroatianEnglishDeutschUkrainian
Global
This is Bayer
This is Bayer
Bayer is a global enterprise with core competencies in the Life Science fields of health care and agriculture.
Overview
Profile and Organization
At a Glance
Our Strategy
Our Brand
Pharmaceuticals
Consumer Health
Crop Science
Shaping the Future of Agriculture
Our Commitments
Innovations
People
Products
Suppliers
Contact us
Our Commitments
Our Values
Inclusion & Diversity
Raising the Bar
Transparency
Political Engagement
Societal Needs
Our Contribution to a Better Life
Smart Fields
Allergies a Common Disorder
For the Heart
Fit in Old Age
Defying the Weather
Shrinking Farmland
Living with Dengue
The Future of Agriculture and Food
Bayer Employees
Bayer Worldwide
Overview
Europe, Middle East & Africa
German Sites
North America
Asia/Pacific
Latin America
Websites Worldwide
Procurement
Procurement at Bayer
Procurement Talent Brokering
Sustainability in Procurement
Our Approach
Supplier Code of Conduct
Industry Initiatives
Supplier Information
Monsanto Acquisition
Conditions of Purchase
Invoicing
Downloads & Links
Supplier Day
Corporate Compliance
Policy
Transfers of Values to Healthcare Professionals
Commitment
Collaboration with Healthcare Professionals
Facts on Disclosure
Data Disclosure
CPSIA
Information & IT Security
Data Privacy Information For Specific Processing Activities
Corporate Governance
Overview
Duties and Activities of the Board of Management
Supervisory Board
Disclosure of Managers' Transactions
Number of Women in Management Positions
Control
Corporate Compliance
Transparency
Links & Downloads
History
Overview
1863-1881
1881-1914
1914-1925
1925-1945
1945-1951
1951-1974
1974-1988
1988-2001
2001-2010
2010-2018
2013- 150 Years of Bayer
Biographies
The Bayer Cross
The Corporate Archives
Board of Management
Members
Overview and Tasks
Werner Baumann
Liam Condon
Wolfgang Nickl
Stefan Oelrich
Heiko Schipper
Offices Held at other Companies
Compensation
Supervisory Board
Members
Committees
Compensation
Calendar
Current Events
Archive
Contact Us
Innovation
Innovation
Bayer is an innovation company with a more than 150-year history. Our scientific successes are intended to help improve people’s lives.
Overview
News on Innovation
Better Harvests and Healthy Families
Leaps by Bayer
Research and Development
At a Glance
Health Care
Nutrition
Our Scientists
Open Innovation
Social Innovation
Employee Innovation
Products
Products
With our distinctive knowledge of people, animals and plants, we focus on the areas of health care and nutrition.
Overview
Product Areas
Information for Patients
Beware of Medical Counterfeits
Overview
Recognizing Fakes
Background Information
Recognizing Fraudulent Brands
Commitment to Fighting Counterfeit Drugs
News
Links
New Safety Features for Prescription Medicine in Europe
Counterfeits in Agriculture
Overview
Recognize & Avoid Counterfeits
Bayer´s role in combating counterfeits
Bayer CapSeal & Bayer CapSeal App
Report a Side-Effect
Products from A to Z
Sustainability
Sustainability
Read more about our economic, ecological and social challenges and opportunities.
Overview
Strategy
Key Topics
Access to Healthcare
Access to Food
Climate Protection
Management and Governance
Sustainability Management
Bayer Sustainability Council
Stakeholder Dialogue
UN Global Compact
Group Regulations
Sustainable Development Policy
Corporate Compliance Policy
Bayer Human Rights Policy
Responsible Marketing & Sales
Group Positions
Protection of Biodiversity
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Position on Global Product Strategy
Position on Responsible Care
Bayer Water Position
Position on Deforestation and Forest Degradation
Postion on Insect Decline
Raising the Bar on Crop Protection Safety Standards
UN Sustainable Development Goals
Codes of Conduct
Supplier Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct for Responsible Lobbying
Development of Sustainability
Supplier Management
Employees
Human Rights
Product Stewardship
Overview
Pharmaceuticals & Medical Devices
Crop Protection Products & Seeds
Environmental Protection
Safety
Societal Engagement
Overview
Science Education
Health, Nutrition and Social Needs
Bayer Clubs
Sports
Bayer and Sports
Successful Bayer Athletes
History
Disabled Sports
Promotion of New Talent
Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Culture
Partnerships
Report
Ratings, Rankings and Awards
Media
Media
This area provides news, videos and publications, as well as overviews of social media channels and mobile apps of the Bayer Group.
Overview
News
Biographies
Board of Management
Werner Baumann
Liam Condon
Wolfgang Nickl
Stefan Oelrich
Heiko Schipper
Supervisory Board
Norbert Winkeljohann
Oliver Zühlke
Speeches
Photos
TV Footage
Publications
Overview
Integrated Annual Reports
Quarterly Statements
Sustainability Report
Magazines
Bayer Magazine
Public Health Magazine
Brochures
Facts about agriculture and nutrition
From Molecules to Medicine
From Molecules to Veterinary Medicines Brochure
Newsletter Overview
Videos
Social Media
Social Media Room
Social Media Channels
Apps
Events
Current
Archive
Media Contacts
Investors
Investors
We want to create value for our shareholders through innovation, growth and high earning power.
Overview
Bayer Group
About Bayer
Key Figures
Profile and Organization
Subsidiaries
Acquisitions and Divestitures
Our Products
Markets and Economic Outlook
Research & Development
Bayer@Social Media
Our Brand
Our Values
Strategic Alignment
Group Strategy
Strategies of the Divisions
Value-Based Performance
Outlook and Targets
Opportunity and Risk Report
Corporate Governance
Articles of Incorporation
Board of Management
Supervisory Board
Sustainability and Commitment
Stock
Investors
Key Messages to Investors
New Investors
Institutional Investors
Private Investors
Fixed Income Investors
Socially Responsible Investing
Listing and Key Figures
Basic Data
Key Figures
Share Listings
Equity Indices
ADR Program
Share Price
Current Share Price
Charts
Closing Prices
Capital Increase
Dividends
Profitability
Consensus
Stockholders' Portal
Ownership Structure
Overview
Voting Rights Announcements
Archive Voting Rights Announcements
Stock Programs
Overview
Aspire
Participation Program
Stock History
Glossary
Archive
Debt
Overview
Bonds Outstanding
Rating
Bond News
Contacts Debt
Reports
Annual Reports
Overview
Financial Position
Income Statement
Cashflow Statement
Segment Overview
Five-Year Summary
Quarterly Reports
Bayer AG Financial Statements
Sustainability Reports
Archive
Annual Stockholders’ Meeting 2020
Overview
Notice of the Meeting & Agenda
Questions, Countermotions and Election Proposals
How to Vote
Stockholders’ Portal
Voting Results
Service
Overview
Important Dates
Stockholders Hotline
Downloads
Events
Calendar
Live Events
Q2 2020 Conference Call
Q1 2020 Conference Call
FY/Q4 2019 Conference Call
Conference Call Crop Science R&D Pipeline Update 2020
Stockholders' Meetings
Overview
ASM 2019
ASM 2018
ASM 2017
ASM 2016
ASM 2015
ASM 2014
ASM 2013
ASM 2012
ASM 2011
ASM 2010
ASM 2009
ASM 2008
ASM 2007
ASM 2006
ASM 2005
Extraordinary ASM 2004
ASM 2004
ASM 2003
ASM 2002
Archive
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
Inside Information
Latest Inside Information
Archive Overview
Inside Information 2019
Inside Information 2018
Inside Information 2017
Ad-hoc 2016
Ad-hoc 2015
Ad-hoc 2014
Ad-hoc 2013
Ad-hoc 2012
Ad-hoc 2011
Ad-hoc 2010
Ad-hoc 2009
Ad-hoc 2008
Ad-hoc 2007
Ad-hoc 2006
Ad-hoc 2005
Ad-hoc 2004
Ad-hoc 2003
Ad-hoc 2002
Ad-hoc 2001
Ad-hoc 2000
Ad-hoc 1999
Ad-hoc 1998
News
Investor News
Press
Archive
Overview
Investor News 2019
Investor News 2018
Investor News 2017
Investor News 2016
Investor News 2015
Investor News 2014
Investor News 2013
Investor News 2012
Investor News 2011
Investor News 2010
Investor News 2009
Investor News 2008
Investor News 2007
Investor News 2006
Investor News 2005
Investor News 2004
Investor News 2003
Investor News 2002
Investor News 2001
Investor News 2000
Handouts
Investor Handout
Investor Factsheet
Archive Investor Handouts
Downloads
Current Downloads
2018-2019
2019
2018
2013-2017
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2008-2012
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2003-2007
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
1998-2002
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
Service
Quicklinks
Contact IR Team
Order Publications
Newsletter
RSS Newsfeeds
RSS Help Page
Podcasts
Mobile Services
Download Center
New on this site
FAQs
Investor Factsheet
Career
Career
Looking for a job in an innovative company? Learn more about Bayer and the opportunities available.
Overview
Why Bayer
Overview
Innovation & Solutions
Development & Teamwork
Better Life & Challenges
Reputation & Impact
Benefits & Rewards
Values & Stories
Overview
David against Goliath
Singapore's Supertrees
Sky-high vegetables
Bringing light into darkness
Rice for a hungry planet
Bridging Distances
Healthy for Life
Work and Life in balance
The Secret of the Bridge
Working at Bayer
Overview
Meet our employees
Students
Graduates
Overview
International Trainee Program for Financial Management
International HR Trainee Program
International Future Leadership Program - Engineers, Pharmacists, Natural Scientists
Global Supply Chain Management Trainee Program
International Procurement Management Trainee Program
Professionals
Bayer Career Worldwide
Functions
Overview
Data Science
Marketing
Business Consulting
Bayer &
Monsanto
How to join us
Overview
How to apply
The Interview
Check status
Contact us
Magazine
Advanced searchHelp
any languageArabicChinese (Simplified)Chinese (Traditional)CzechDanishDutchEnglishEstonianFinnishFrenchGermanGreekHebrewHungarianIcelandicItalianJapaneseLatvianLithuanianNorwegianPolishPortugueseRomanianRussianSpanishSwedish
Only this websiteAll Bayer websites worldwide
Any FormatAdobe Acrobat PDF (.pdf)Microsoft Word (.doc)Microsoft Excel (.xls)Microsoft Powerpoint (.ppt)Rich Text Format (.rtf)
10 Results per Page20 Results per Page30 Results per Page50 Results per Page100 Results per Page
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This website (hereinafter the “Website“) is provided by Bayer AG (hereinafter “us” or “we”). For further information regarding the provider of the Website, please refer to our imprint.
Information on other selected non-Website related data processing activities performed by us and all of our affiliates in Germany (e.g. when you give us a business card or we collect your data from publicly available sources) can be found in the privacy information for selected specific processing activities.
A. Handling of personal data
In the following we wish to provide you with information on how we handle your personal data when you use our Website. Unless otherwise indicated in the following chapters, the legal basis for the handling of your personal data results from the fact that such handling is required to make available the functionalities of the Website requested by you (Art. 6(1)(b) General Data Protection Regulation).
I. Using our Website
1. Accessing our Website
When you call up our Website, your browser will transfer certain data to our web server. This is done for technical reasons and required to make available to you the requested information. To facilitate your access to the Website, the following data are collected, briefly stored and used:
IP address
Date and time of access
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of request (specific site)
Status of access/HTTP status code
Transferred volume of data
Website requesting access
Browser, language settings, version of browser software operating system and surface
Moreover, to protect our legitimate interests, we will store such data for a limited period of time in order to be able to initiate a tracking of personal data in the event of actual or attempted unauthorized access to our servers (Art. 6(1)(f) General Data Protection Regulation).
2. Setting of cookies
a) What are cookies?
This Website uses so-called “cookies”. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the memory of your terminal via your browser. They store certain information (e.g. your preferred language or site settings) which your browser may (depending on the lifespan of the cookie) retransmit to us upon your next visit to our Website.
b) What cookies do we use?
We differentiate between two categories of cookies: (1) functional cookies, without which the functionality of our Website would be reduced, and (2) optional cookies used for e.g. website analysis and marketing purposes. The following tables contain a detailed description of the optional cookies we use:
Optional Cookies
Purpose and content
Lifespan
On/Off
Website analysis and online behavioral advertising:
These cookies assign a randomly generated ID to your device, enabling us and the relevant vendor to recognize your device upon your next access.
For details see the respective chapter below.
Google Analytics
Google Advertising Services
Facebook
LinkedIn
Trade Desk
Google Analytics:
6 months
For online behavioral advertising: determined by respective vendor
OnOff
c) Subject to your consent
We only use optional cookies if we have obtained your prior consent (Art. 6(1)(a) General Data Protection Regulation). Upon your first access to our Website, a banner will appear, asking you to give us your consent to the setting of optional cookies. If your consent is given, we will place a cookie on your computer and the banner will not appear again as long as the cookie is active. After expiration of the cookie’s lifespan, or if you actively delete the cookie, the banner will reappear upon your next visit to our Website and again ask for your consent.
b) How to prevent the setting of cookies
Of course you may use our Website without any cookies being set. In your browser, you can at any time configure or completely deactivate the use of cookies. This may, however, lead to a restriction of the functions or have adverse effects on the user-friendliness of our Website. You may at any time object to the setting of optional cookies by using the respective objection option indicated in the table above.
3. Website Analysis  and Online Behavioral Advertising
Google Analytics
On our Website we use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”).
Google will analyze your use of our Website on our behalf. To this purpose we use, among others, the cookies described in more detail in the above table. The information collected by Google in connection with your use of our Website (e.g. the referring URL, our webpages visited by you, your browser type, your language settings, your operating system, your screen resolution) will be transmitted to a server of Google in the US, where it will be stored and analyzed. The respective results will then be made available to us in anonymized form. Your usage data will not be connected to your full IP address during this process. We have activated on our Website the IP anonymizing function offered by Google, which will delete the last 8 digits (type IPv4) or the last 80 bits (type IPv6) of your IP address. Moreover, Google is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield, which ensures that an adequate level of data protection is maintained with respect to the processing of data by Google in the US.
You may revoke your consent to the use of web analysis at any time, either by downloading and installing the provided Google Browser Plugin or by administrating your consents in the above table, in which case an opt-out cookie will be placed. Both options will prevent the application of web analysis only as long as you use the browser on which you installed the plugin and do not delete the opt-out cookie.
Further information on Google Analytics is available in the Google Analytics Terms of Use, the Privacy and Data Protection Guidelines of Google Analytics and in the Google Privacy Policy.
Online behavioral advertising with Google
This Website uses an online behavioral advertising service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google“).
Google will analyze your use of this Website. To this purpose, Google uses the cookies described in more detail in the above table. The information collected by Google in connection with your use of our Website (e.g. the referring URL, our webpages visited by you, your browser type, your language settings, your operating system, your screen resolution) will be transmitted to a server of Google in the US, where it will be stored and analyzed. We and our partner Google will use this information to better tailor our advertisements to you and your interests, to limit the number of times you are shown the same advertisement, to evaluate the efficiency of promotional campaigns, and to better comprehend the behavior of visitors after they have looked at a certain ad. When you visit another website of the so-called “Google Display Network”, customized pop-ups tailored to your interests can be presented to you on the basis of the information collected on our Website.
Google is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield, which ensures that an adequate level of data protection is maintained with respect to the processing of personal data by Google in the US. You may withdraw your consent to this transfer of information to Google for online behavioral advertising purposes at any time either by administrating your consents in the above table, in which case an opt-out cookie will be placed, or by downloading and installing the Google Browser Plugin offered by Google. Both options will prevent the use of online behavioral advertising services only as long as you use the browser on which you installed the plugin and do not delete the opt-out Cookie.
Google is responsible for processing your personal data which Google collects directly from our Website for online behavioral advertisement services. Since we have no control over personal data collected and processed by third parties, we are not in a position to provide binding information regarding the scope and purpose of such processing of your personal data. Thus, please visit Google’s information on data privacy to receive further information on how Google processes your personal data and for how long. At the time of preparation of this privacy statement, Google’s information was available on the Google Data Protection Guidelines for Advertising.
Online behavioral advertising with Facebook
This Website uses an online behavioral advertising service of Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (using Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA as subprocessor) (“Facebook”).
Facebook will analyze your use of this Website. To this purpose, we use the cookies described in more detail in the above table. The information collected by Facebook in connection with your use of our Website will be transmitted to a server of Facebook in the US, where it will be stored and analyzed. These information include the referring URL, your browser type, your language settings, your operating system, your screen resolution and further information depending on the implemented pixel events (e.g. “purchase”: processes the type, ID and number of the selected item as well as payment information and currency; “search”: processes the search string, when you search for a product on our website; “view content”: processes the content ID, name, type, currency and value). We and our partner Facebook will use this information to better tailor our advertisements to you and your interests, to limit the number of times you are shown the same advertisement, to evaluate the efficiency of promotional campaigns, and to better comprehend the behavior of visitors after they have looked at a certain ad. When you visit your Facebook timeline or another websites of Facebook’s advertisement network (so called “Audience Network”), customized feeds tailored to your interests can be presented to you on the basis of the information collected on our Website.
Facebook Inc. is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield, which ensures that an adequate level of data protection is maintained with respect to the processing of personal data by Facebook in the US.
You may withdraw your consent to this transfer of information to Facebook for online behavioral advertising purposes at any time by administrating your consent in the above table, in which case an opt-out cookie will be placed. Please note that this will only prevent any transfer of information to Facebook as long as you do not delete the opt-out Cookie.
Facebook is responsible for processing your personal data which Facebook collects directly from our Website for online behavioral advertisement services. Since we have no control over personal data collected and processed by third parties, we are not in a position to provide binding information regarding the scope and purpose of such processing of your personal data. Thus, please visit Facebook’s information on data privacy to receive further information on how Facebook processes your personal data and for how long. At the time of preparation of this privacy statement, Facebook’s information was available on their Privacy Policy.
Online behavioral advertising with LinkedIn
The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of data regarding members’ visits to your website, including the URL, referrer, IP address, device and browser characteristics (User Agent), and timestamp. The IP addresses are truncated or (when used for reaching members across devices) hashed, and members’ direct identifiers are removed within seven days in order to make the data pseudonymous. This remaining pseudonymized data is then deleted within 180 days.
LinkedIn does not share the personal data with the website owner, it only provides reports (which do not identify you) about the website audience and ad performance. LinkedIn also provides retargeting for website visitors (up to 90 days after the visit), enabling the website owner to show personalized ads off its website by using this data, but without identifying the member. We also use data that does not identify you to improve ad relevance and reach members across devices. LinkedIn members can control the use of their personal data for advertising purposes through their account settings.
Online behavioral advertising with Trade Desk
This website uses The Trade Desk, a so-called targeted advertising service, provided by our partner The Trade Desk, Inc., 42 N. Chestnut Street, Ventura, CA 93001 (“Trade Desk”).
Trade Desk is used for so-called remarketing of advertising based on your behavior on our website. You may withdraw your consent to this type of analysis of your use of this Website at any time either by administrating your consents in the above table, in which case an opt-out cookie will be placed, or by visiting http://www.adsrvr.org/ to opt-out of the Trade Desk services. Both options will prevent the use of web analysis only as long as you use the browser on which you made your choice and do not delete the opt-out Cookie. Further information on Trade Desk is available at https://www.thetradedesk.com/general/privacy-policy.
4. Use of contact forms
You can contact us directly via the contact forms available on our Website. In particular, you may provide us with the following information:
Name, surname and title
Country
Contact data (e.g. e-mail address, phone number)
Message
We collect, process and use the information provided by you via the contact forms exclusively for the processing of your specific request.
5. Subscription to our newsletter
On our Website, you may subscribe to receive our newsletter. Based on your prior consent, we will collect and use the email address you indicate for providing you with the newsletter (Art. 6(1)(a) General Data Protection Regulation).If you wish to receive a customized newsletter, you may, on a voluntary basis, provide us with the following additional information:
Name and surname
Title
Media, Department
City, Country
Language
Subject(s) of interest
For subscription to our newsletter we use the so-called double opt-in procedure. After you have subscribed to the newsletter on our Website, we will send you a message to the indicated email address asking for your confirmation. If you do not confirm your subscription, your subscription will automatically be deleted. In order to prevent any misuse of your personal data, we will log your subscription and confirmation, filing the IP address you use when subscribing, the time of your subscription and confirmation, the messages sent by us regarding your subscription, and the wording of your subscription and confirmation.
You may at any time with future effect revoke your consent to receive our newsletter. To declare that you wish to unsubscribe, you may use the respective link included in all newsletters, or refer to the contacts indicated below.
6. External services or content on our Website
We include third-party services and/or content on our Website. When you use such third-party services or when third-party content is displayed, communication data are exchanged between you and the respective provider for technical reasons.
The respective provider of the services or content may also process your data for own additional purposes. To the best of our knowledge, we have configured the services and content of providers known to process data for own purposes in such a way that either any communication for other purposes than to present their services or content on our Website is blocked, or communication only takes place once you have actively opted to use the respective service. However, since we have no control over data collected and processed by third parties, we are not in a position to provide binding information regarding the scope and purpose of such processing of your data.
For further information regarding the scope and purpose of such collection and processing of your data, please consult the privacy statements of the providers whose services and/or content we include and who are responsible for the protection of your data in this context:
YouTube (videos)
EQS Group AG (stock charts)
Webfonts provided by Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc.
Google Maps
TV-Footage
Stockholders’ Portal
7. Registration for closed user groups
a) TV-Footage
Our TV-Footage material is only offered to journalists to support editorial coverage of Bayer. We check your access authorization and once your right of access has been verified, we will create an user account for you in which we will file the following personal data:
Name and surname
Expert group, tv station/editorial department
Contact data (incl. email address and phone number)
Country and city
User name and password
b) Limited access for special user groups
There are further specific information that we can only share with a limited group of people. Therefore we file the following personal data:
Name and surname
User name and password
E-mail address
We process this personal data in order to provide you with an access to our website. They are automatically deleted in case you deactivate your user account.
c) Stockholders‘ Portal
The stockholders‘ portal is only offered to stockholders of Bayer AG. The login for our stockholders’ service is handled by the service provider Link Market Services GmbH. We process these personal data provided by Link Market Services in order to allow your access to our website. These data are automatically deleted at the fixed date November 30th after one year in case you deactivate your user account or sell your shares in Bayer AG. You will find your data for the first log-in to our Stockholders' Portal in the invitation to the Annual Stockholders' Meeting of Bayer AG.
8. Information on side effects and quality complaints
This Website is not intended or designed for communications regarding side effects, lack of therapeutic effect, medication errors, grey market products/counterfeit medicine, incorrect or off-label use, quality complaints and/or other issues regarding the safeness or quality of Bayer products. If you wish to report side effects or make a quality complaint, please contact your health care professional (e.g. physician or pharmacist), your local health authority, or use our  Website for the report of undesirable side effects.
If you nevertheless report to us undesirable side effects or other issues regarding the safeness or quality of Bayer products, we will be legally bound to deal with your communication and may have to contact you for clarification purposes. Subsequently, we may have to notify the competent health authorities of the issues reported by you. In this context, your information will be forwarded in pseudonymized form, i.e. no information by which you may be directly identified will be passed on. We may also have to forward these pseudonymized notifications to our group companies and cooperation partners, to the extent these are likewise obliged to notify their respectively competent health authorities.
Further information about data privacy and side effect reporting are available in the Bayer Privacy Statement for Pharmacovigilance Data.
9. Use of Publication Order
On our Website, you may order/subscribe many of our publications. Based on your prior consent, we will collect and use the address details you indicate for providing you with the publication:
Surname
Address (Street, Post code, Town or City, State/Province, Country)
Email address
Phone number
You are welcome to provide us with the following optional information:
Title
First name
Company
Department
10. User Surveys
Participation in the user surveys conducted from time to time on our website is voluntary. We use functional cookies to carry out the user surveys. The technical information recorded by the user survey is the same information that is recorded when users visit the website (see above). Your responses submitted during the user survey will not be linked to your personal data such as your IP address.
11. Job Matching Function
If you want to make use of the job matching functionality, we need additional application documents, such as your resume, certificates and/or a cover letter, which can be uploaded to the website. An automated algorithm compares the documents you provide with current vacancies at Bayer in order to be able to offer you career opportunities tailored to your needs. The document will be automatically deleted afterwards.
II. Transfer of data for commissioned processing
For the processing of your data we will to some extent use specialized service contractors. Such service contractors are carefully selected and regularly monitored by us. Based on respective data processor agreements, they will only process personal data upon our instruction and strictly in accordance with our directives.
III. Processing of data outside the EU / the EEA
Your data will in part also be processed in countries outside the European Union (“EU”) or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), which may have a lower data protection level than European countries. In such cases, we will ensure that a sufficient level of protection is provided for your data, e.g. by concluding specific agreements with our contractual partners (copy available on request), or we will ask for your explicit consent to such processing.
B. Information regarding your rights
The following rights are in general available to you according to applicable data privacy laws:
Right of information about your personal data stored by us;
Right to request the correction, deletion or restricted processing of your personal data;
Right to object to a processing for reasons of our own legitimate interest, public interest, or profiling, unless we are able to proof that compelling, warranted reasons superseding your interests, rights and freedom exist, or that such processing is done for purposes of the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims;
Right to data portability;
Right to file a complaint with a data protection authority;
You may at any time with future effect revoke your consent to the collection, processing and use of your personal data. For further information please refer to the chapters above describing the processing of data based on your consent.
If you wish to exercise your rights, please address your request to the contact form or to our company data protection office indicated below.
If you are a resident of California or Nevada in the United States, you may have additional rights regarding your personal data. More information may be found here.
C. Contact
For any questions you may have with respect to data privacy, please use the provided contact form or contact our company data protection officer at the following address:
Group Data Protection Officer
Bayer AG
51368 Leverkusen, Germany
Bayer AG is designated as representative in the European Union for our non-European legal entities in accordance with Art. 27 GDPR. You may contact the representative at the following address:
Data Privacy Representative
Bayer AG
51368 Leverkusen, Germany
E-mail: dp-representative@bayer.com
D. Amendment of Privacy Statement
We may update our Privacy Statement from time to time. Updates of our Privacy Statement will be published on our Website. Any amendments become effective upon publication on our Website. We therefore recommend that you regularly visit the site to keep yourself informed on possible updates.
Last updated: November 26, 2019
Last Updated: October 08, 2020
Our Business
Pharmaceuticals
Consumer Health
Crop Science
Our Products
Bayer Worldwide
Magazines & Reports
Bayer Magazine
research Magazine
Annual Report
Quarterly Report
More Publications
Stay Tuned
Job Postings
Latest News
Newsletter
Bayer Share Price
Get in Touch
Do you have any queries or comments about our website, our products or any of our services?
Contact Us
Follow Us
Copyright © Bayer AG
Conditions of Use
Privacy Statement
Imprint
Sitemap
Top