https://www.steris-ims.co.uk/terms-of-use/
Europe
Italy
Europe
North America
Get In Touch
For any queries give us a call today on 01332 387 100
CLOSE
Get in touch
Please complete this form with as much information as possible to ensure that we accurately respond to your enquiry, making sure that your contact addresses or numbers are accurate.
Submit
Thank You
Thank you for your enquiry to STERIS Instrument Management Services.
We aim to respond to all enquiries within 1 working day.
If your enquiry requires a more in-depth response, we will still respond to notify of that.
CLOSE
Terms of Use for the STERIS Instrument Management Services Website
All use of the present website (hereafter referred to as the “Site”) is subject to the terms and conditions set forth below. Any use of such Web pages constitutes the user’s agreement to abide by the following terms and conditions without limitations.
STERIS IMS Limited Terms and Conditions of Sale apply to all products and services sold on this website
Ownership:
Corporate name:
STERIS IMS Limited trading as STERIS Instrument Management Services
Registration number:
01642571
Business stream
Instrument sales, instrument repairs and device repairs
Registered office:
Ground Floor Stella, Windmill Hill Business Park, Whitehill Way, Swindon, Wiltshire, England, SN5 6NX
Corporate name:
Synergy Health UK Ltd trading as STERIS Instrument Management Services
Registration number:
00979716
Business stream
Sterilisation and decontamination and SSD consumables
Registered office:
Ground Floor Stella, Windmill Hill Business Park, Whitehill Way, Swindon, Wiltshire, England, SN5 6NX
Purpose of the site:
The Site, published by the STERIS IMS Ltd, is designed to provide general information about STERIS IMS and its products and services, and to offer the opportunity to purchase products & services. Information included on the Site is solely of an informative nature. It does not represent any legal undertaking or contractual agreement by STERIS, nor shall it be deemed to encourage investment, in particular where financial information is concerned, or provide informed medical advice or recommendations from healthcare professionals.
Personal Information, data security and payment:
The Site is not intended to receive information of a confidential nature from you. Consequently, and except for personal data referred to below, any other data (whatsoever the form such as but not limited to ideas, suggestions, concepts, know-how, techniques) you would provide us with via the Site will not be deemed confidential. By sending us such data, you entitle us to use, reproduce, disclose, broadcast, alter and distribute those without limitation, in whole or in part, on any support, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products incorporating such data. No compensation or any other financial or contractual obligation (such as to disclose the source of the data) shall be due by STERIS whatsoever.
The Site collects personally identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number and e-mail address) only when voluntarily provided. Should you provide us with personal data, such data are intended for internal use only and will not in any way be transferred to third parties. We fully comply with PCI-DSS and adhere to SSL/TLS (Secure Sockets Layer/Transport Layer Security)
Should you have subscribed to informational services by email (newsletters), you may ask to stop receiving such emails by following the instructions specified at the bottom of such emails.
Cookies:
The Site uses cookies. These files, stored on your computer to ease your access to our services, do not contain any personal data and are designed to be used by STERIS only.
Intellectual property:
All the information contained on the Site is subject to international copyright and intellectual property laws. All reproduction rights are reserved, including those concerning documents that may be downloaded and the photographic and iconographic representations. Trademarks and/or logos of STERIS that appear on the Site are trademarks registered worldwide and protected by trademark laws. Any reproduction made without the prior and express authorisation of STERIS shall constitute counterfeit and is subject to criminal punishment. Any authorisation to use the Site content shall neither grant any property rights thereupon nor any right to use such content for purposes other than those specifically agreed by STERIS. The reproduction of the Site content (including but not limited to text, logo, trademark, image, picture, video), on any support, whether in whole or in part, for other than strictly private, non-commercial purposes, is formally forbidden unless expressly authorised in writing by STERIS.
Information on products and services specific to a given country:
Information provided on the Site may include direct or indirect references to STERIS IMS products and services not available in your own country or offered under a different name, that may be subject to different regulations and terms of use. Any such reference thereto shall in no way imply STERIS’s intent to market them. To learn about product availability in your country, revert to your STERIS contact.
Product sales:
This website is intended to supply products to medical professionals only.
No guarantee or warranty:
The Site is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.
STERIS endeavours to keep the Site up-to-date but in no way warrants the information contained herein is in every respect correct, accurate, up-to-date or complete. As a consequence, STERIS cannot be held liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage that may ensue from accessing or using the Site or for any damage or virus that may affect your computer or other computer equipment.
The Site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. If erroneous or otherwise inaccurate information is brought to our attention, a reasonable effort will be made to correct or delete it. Report such problems to the “Contact us” section.
STERIS reserves the right to alter the Site content at any time, without prior notice. STERIS may notably temporarily or permanently suspend or interrupt all or part of the Site in order to maintain, improve and/or change it.
Advice or expert opinion:
The Site may provide information which might be of interest for the Site’s visitors, such as extracts from press articles or opinions stated by experts. For the avoidance of doubt, such information solely reflects the opinion of the expert or publication and shall not be construed as STERIS’s. STERIS does neither guarantee the accuracy nor the completeness of such information, whatsoever it may be, and shall under no circumstances be held liable thereof.
The Site may provide links to access other websites. Such links have been logged at a time STERIS found such links adequate, considering the content and services they provided. STERIS has no means of controlling the content of those totally independent third-party sites, and shall not be held liable for their content or for consequences ensuing from their use. STERIS reminds you that the privacy of correspondence is not guaranteed on the internet and individual web users are responsible for taking all appropriate measures to protect their own data and/or programs from infection by any viruses circulating on the net.
Governing law:
The Site and its contents are governed by UK law. Any dispute relating thereto shall be subject to the competence of the UK courts.
To read more about our privacy policy please click here
Latest News
STERIS IMS planting trees for the next generation
Posted On 12/02/2020
At STERIS we try to select responsible suppliers to work with and through those decisions we make, if we can contribute towards environmental contributions then all the better.
View Post
New Media Lincs
Posted On 03/09/2019
New Media Lincs has been delighted to have been working with STERIS over the past year on a number of commissions which have been filmed over a few sessions at the SpringHill plant.
View Post
Psst… Have you heard about STERIS Apprenticeships?
Posted On 27/08/2019
STERIS Instrument Management Services have recently been awarded government approval to deliver apprenticeships to our business!
View Post
Go To News
Our Blog
Complete an Apprenticeship whilst working at a STERIS IMS Sterilization Facility
Read More
How do we support our Employee’s Mental Health as Employers?
Read More
STERIS have supported my learning journey and that hasn’t changed even in lockdown!
Read More
Meet Matt
Read More
Go To Blog
Videos & Webinars
Why Work for STERIS?
Posted On 14/02/2019
Our teams are vital to the success of the business
Go To Videos & Webinars
© Copyright 2020, STERIS. All rights reserved
Terms of Use
Privacy
steris.com
Cookie PolicyThis website uses cookies to provide the best user experience, please click OK below or continue to browse the site if you are happy with this.For more information please see our terms of use and privacy policy Ok