http://www.rdmproducts.net/terms-of-use.html
800-325-0959
Menu
Home
History
Products
Services
Sales
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Website User Agreement     I.              Acceptance
The following terms and conditions govern your use of Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division’s website (“Site”). By accessing the Site, you acknowledge and accept these terms and conditions.
II. Copyright Notice
Unless otherwise noted, all information, text, articles, data, images, screens, webpages or other materials (collectively hereinafter referred to as the "Materials") appearing on this Site are the exclusive property of Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division or others as indicated. You may copy information from this Site for your personal or educational use only, provided that each copy includes any copyright or trademark notice or attribution as they appear on the pages copied. The Materials may not otherwise be copied, displayed, distributed, downloaded, licensed, modified, published, reposted, reproduced, reused, sold, transmitted, used to create a derivative work or otherwise used for public or commercial purposes, except as provided in these terms and conditions without the express written permission of Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division You may not use any content contained in the Materials in any manner that may give a false or misleading impression or statement. Nothing on this Site shall be construed as conferring any license of any intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise.
III. Trademark Notice
Bettag & Associates, Inc, the RDM Products logo, Con-Pak logo, rdmproducts.net and rdmproducts.com are trademarks, service marks and/property of Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division in the United States and certain other jurisdictions. All other trademarks and service marks that appear on this Site are the property of their respective owners and are used solely to refer to those companies’ goods and services. Address any inquiries concerning usage of Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division trademarks, copyrights, or designs to: Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division 116 N. Central Dr., O’Fallon, MO 63366
IV. Disclaimers of Warranties
Given the unpredictability of technology and the online environment, Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division does not warrant that the function or operation of this Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Site or the server that makes it available will be free of viruses or other harmful elements. As a visitor to and user of this Site, you must assume full responsibility for any costs associated with servicing of equipment used in connection with your use of our Site.
Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this Site is accurate, complete or current. This Site could contain typographical errors, technical inaccuracies or other incorrect information. Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division reserves the right to add to, change or delete its content or any part thereof without notice. Any price or availability information is subject to change without notice. Additionally, this Site may contain information provided by third parties. Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division makes no representation or warranty regarding the accuracy, truth, quality, suitability or reliability of such information. Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division is not responsible for any errors, omissions, or inaccuracies contained in any information provided by such third parties. Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division does not endorse, warrant or guarantee any products or services offered on this Site. We are not a party to, and do not monitor, any transaction between users and third party providers of products or services.
While efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the information on this Site, it should not be treated as the basis for formulating business decisions without professional advice. We emphasize that trademark and related intellectual property laws vary from country to country, and between jurisdictions within some countries. The information included on this Site will not be relevant or accurate for all countries or states.
All information provided by Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division on this Site is provided to the public as a source of general information on trademarks and related intellectual property issues. In legal matters, no publication whether in written or electronic form can take the place of professional advice given with full knowledge of the specific circumstances of each case and proficiency in the laws of the relevant jurisdiction.
THE CONTENTS OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE MATERIALS, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," AND BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENTS. BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
V. Limitation of Liability
Neither Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division nor any of its officers, members, directors, employees or other representatives will be liable for any damages, special, consequential or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with the use of this Site or any information contained herein even if advised of the possibility thereof. This limitation of liability is comprehensive and applies to all damages of any kind, including, without limitation, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties.
You have sole responsibility for adequate protection and backup of data and/or equipment used in connection with the Site and will not make any claim against Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division for lost data, re-run time, inaccurate output, work delays or lost profits resulting from the use of the materials.
As a visitor to and a user of this Site, you, in effect, agree that all access and use of this Site and its contents are at your own risk.
VI. Submissions
While we welcome comments and feedback regarding this Site, Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division is under no obligation to respond to all pieces of correspondence received through this Site, to Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division in submitted comments in confidence, or to pay compensation of any kind for your comments or submissions. We do not wish to receive any confidential or proprietary ideas, suggestions, materials, or information via this Site or any email connection. All unsolicited comments, feedback, ideas, suggestions, and other submissions that are disclosed or submitted to BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION through this Site shall become and remain the property of Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division Any such submission by you is a declaration of the full release of all proprietary claims and/or intellectual rights regarding your submission.
VII. Links to Third Party Sites
Any other websites that are accessible via links on this Site are not under the control of Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division  Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division  is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to the information contained in such sites. Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division  provides the linked sites to you only as a convenience and the inclusion of any such link on the Site does not imply Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division’s endorsement of the site, the organization operating such site, or any products or services of that organization. Your linking to any off-site pages or other sites is entirely at your own risk. Under no circumstances will Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused to you in connection with your use of, or reliance on, any content, goods or services available on any other site. VIII. Links to rdmproducts.net or rdmproducts.com
Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division  permits third party sites to link to Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division Site located at www.rdmproducts.net or www.rdmproducts.com              ·         Links may be text-based using the words: "Bettag & Associates, Inc," "RDM Products Division" or "rdmproducts.net" or “rdmproducts.com”. You may only use the Bettag & Associates, Inc. logo, RDM Products logo, Con-Pak logo or any other trademark as a link to Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division with the express written permission of Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division, RDM Products Division. ·         By linking, you acknowledge and agree that, other than as set forth herein, all rights to Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division marks, the content appearing on the Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division, RDM Products Division website and the design of the Bettag & Associates, Inc, RDM Products Division website belong to Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division ·         You may not create frames around Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division webpages or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of the Site. ·         You must not misrepresent your relationship with Bettag & Associates, Inc, RDM Products Division or present false or misleading impressions about Bettag & Associates, Inc, RDM Products Division. No links to the Site may be used in a manner that implies or suggests that Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division approves or endorses you, your website or your goods and services (in all cases, except as Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division  may have agreed separately with you in writing). ·         Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your website. You agree to indemnify and defend Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division against all claims arising out of or based upon your website. ·         No link(s) may appear on any page on your website or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights. ·         Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division reserves the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to the Site from your website.
IX. References to Products or Services
Information on this Site may contain references or cross references to Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division, RDM Products Division products or services that are not announced or available in your country. Such references do not imply that Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division intends to announce such products or services in your country. Please contact Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division for information regarding the products and services that may be available to you.
X. Privacy Policy
Please refer to the Bettag & Associates, Inc, RDM Products Division Privacy Policy.
XI. Governing Law
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri, without regard to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity that arises out of or relates to these terms and conditions will be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Jefferson City, Missouri.
XII. Complete Agreement
These terms and conditions, and policies referred to in these terms and conditions, represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the Site and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division, reserves the right to revise these terms and conditions at any time without notice by updating this posting.
XIII. Inquiries
Thank you for visiting rdmproducts.net. For questions concerning policies, contact info@rdmproducts.net
Your Privacy
Privacy Policy
I. Acceptance
The following terms and conditions set forth BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION’s Privacy Policy, applicable to users of BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION’s website (“Site”). By accessing the Site you acknowledge and accept these terms and conditions. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please free to contact BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION through the Site or write to us at BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION Privacy Policy, 116 N. Central Dr., O’Fallon, MO 63366. II. Our Commitment
BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION respects your concern about privacy. This privacy policy will tell you how we protect your personal information, and will describe the choices you have concerning our use of such information. Please read this policy carefully. We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes. We will post changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose that information to anyone. Please refer to this policy regularly.
III. Online Information Gathering
Information collected online is often defined as being either personally identifiable or anonymous:
·         Personally Identifiable Information: Lets us know the specifics of who you are, such as your name, email address or postal address; it may also include your views and preferences as they relate to trademark issues and BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION’s services
·         Anonymous Information: Cannot be tied back to a specific individual.
Types of information collected by this site:
Personally Identifiable Information
The choice of how much of your personally identifiable information is disclosed to BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION is left up to you.
The only way we know something about you is when you use a personalized service, such as login to the Site or you voluntarily disclose your information such as a credit card number, address, phone number, fax number, email address, demographic, and other personal and financial information when you transact business at our Site, communicate by sending us an email, complete an BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION survey or fill in a form. If you are an employee of a BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION member organization or if you are an individual member of BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION, you may have a profile pre-created for you on the Site. This profile contains only your first and last name and your company name, and may be available for other users to view. This information is not available to the general public. If you would to have this profile deleted please email sales@rdmproducts.net.
In some cases, such as on discussion boards, blogs or other public forums, any personal information you provide may become publicly available to employees of BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION member organizations and possibly the general public. Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose such personal information (e.g. user name and email address as used in a signature line), that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties.
Please note that if you are active in BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION, you may have been assigned or have created a username and password to be used for accessing the Site. This information is maintained by BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION to allow you to access the Site.
Collection of IP addresses: When visiting any Internet site your unique address, called an “IP address”, is recorded. The amount of information about users made available from their IP addresses varies greatly, for instance depending on how they are connected to the Internet. BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION does not release any information about the collection of this address to any third parties.
Survey Information: Occasionally, BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION conducts surveys of its membership to assist the Association in its strategic planning and development of its benefits and services. If you complete a BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION survey, the information you provide may be used by BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION to market or communicate with you on specific association related activities. Survey information will only be shared with third parties, including the membership at large, in aggregate.
Anonymous Identifiable Information
BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION collects and archives basic logging for site statistics. These log files show the daily number of visitors to our Site, the daily requests we receive for particular files, what server locations those requests come from, including from which countries, as well as the domain name of the server or browser accessing the BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION Site. These aggregated statistics are primarily used internally to provide better service to BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION members, but may also be provided to others.
IV. Non-Disclosure
BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION does not sell, rent, lend or give personally identifiable information collected from you on the Site to marketers. Although unlikely, BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information. In these cases, we will provide this information as and to the extent we have determined that the disclosure of any such information is appropriate.
V. Accessing and Updating Personal Information
When you use the Site, BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION makes a good faith effort to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete your information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.
VI. Cookies
To enable certain features that may be available or become available on the Site, our server will assign your browser a unique identification number stored in a file on your computer (a “cookie”). Cookies by themselves cannot be used to find out the identity of any user. This unique identification number will automatically identify your browser to our computers whenever you interact on our Site. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Site may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
VII. Links
Users will find links to other sites or services on the Site. BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION does not control the content or links that appear on these sites. In addition, these sites or services, including their contents and links, may be constantly changing. The fact that we have made these links available to you is not an endorsement or recommendation to you by BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION. We provide these links only as a convenience. For more information please see the BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION Website User Agreement.
Other companies linked to this Site may collect information about you when you view or click on these sites. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these content providers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information they collect. These sites and services may have their own privacy policy or no policy at all. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party sites or services before providing any of them with your personal information.
VIII. Information Security
BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
IX. Changes to Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. BETTAG & ASSOCIATES, INC., RDM PRODUCTS DIVISION will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice.
Column
Column
Literature
Specifications Column
Sales
Careers Column
Copyright 2020 Bettag & Associates, Inc., RDM Products Division
Privacy & Terms of Use
close lightbox