http://www.legacybilliards.com/pages/privacy-policy
Shop our 20th Anniversary Sales!
Call Us 1-866-953-4272
Pool Tables
7 Foot Pool Tables
8 Foot Pool Tables
Pool Table Accessories
Pool Table Dining Tops
Pool Table Covers
Dining Benches
Pool Table Accessory Kits
Perfect Drawer
Shuffleboard Tables
9 Foot Shuffleboard Tables
12 Foot Shuffleboard Tables
14 Foot Shuffleboard Tables
Shuffleboard Accessories
Table Games
Air Hockey & Bumper Pool
Foosball
Table Tennis
Furniture
Bars & Back Bars
Barstools
Poker Tables & Chairs
Pub Tables
Spectator Chairs and Benches
Shelves
Dartboards & Cabinets
Theater Bars
Pool Cue Racks
Pool Cue Wall Rack
Pool Cue Corner Rack
Pool Cue Floor Rack
Dining Collections
Information
Resources
Testimonials
Videos
Specials
All Resources
Blog
Find a Dealer
Dealer Resources
About Us
About Us
Privacy
Construction
Materials We Use
Sustainability
Warranty
Warranty
Warranty Registration
Shipping
Contact Us
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to Legacy Billiards!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:  June 1, 2018
Legacy Billiards is committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
Legacy Billiards (“us", "we", or "our") operates https://www.legacybilliards.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our website and services.
We use your personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
What personally identifiable information does Legacy Billiards collect from me?
Legacy Billiards collects information to provide you with a smooth, efficient and customized experience while using our site.  While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.
Personally identifiable information is requested when you register with us, place an order, request more information, and participate in sweepstakes, along with additional ways. Personally identifiable information can include your name, billing and shipping address, phone number, email address, and other contact and information. Financial information, like your credit card number (or a check or money order), may be collected to place an order or to pay for a service.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this…
The Log Data section is for businesses that use analytics or tracking services in websites or apps, like Google Analytics.
What are cookies and how does Legacy Billiards use them?
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. This site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties. We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Who is collecting information and for what purpose?
Legacy Billiards collects personally identifiable information to help provide a fun and safe environment while browsing our site. This is done to create an optimal online experience for each user. When you are on our site and asked for personal information, you are sharing this data with Legacy Billiards alone.
We use customer contact information to process and fulfill orders, contact customers for order and updates, stopping potential fraud, to send service emails, newsletters, and promotional emails from us. We also may use this data to notify consumers about updates on our site, contacting customers directly, and completing orders.
By ordering from Legacy Billiards, you agree to join our mailing list. You may choose to opt out and unsubscribe at any time. Once we have processed your request, you will no longer receive promotional emails from us.
We do not sell or give your personal information to third parties. All user data is kept confidential and we use it for our own purpose.
We will also conduct sweepstakes and or other promotions. People who choose to participate may be asked to provide personal information. This information will be used by us to notify winners and meeting promotional promises along with providing promotional emails.
With whom does Legacy Billiards share my information?
As a general rule, Legacy Billiards will not disclose or share any of your personally identifiable information unless when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or for installation purposes. We are the only entity collecting your information. We do not sell, trade, or rent personal information collected on this site to others.
Remarketing
We reserve the right to place a non personal-information-identifying cookie for third party tracking and anonymous data tracking which may be used for remarketing purposes on Third party vendors, including Google, Twitter and Facebook to show ads on various sites on the internet that you may visit. You may opt out of this by emailing us at sales@legacybilliards.com and opting-out.
Additional Information
By purchasing products from the Legacy Billiards online website, you agree to provide us with a contact email which we may use to contact you and send you online promotions. You can always request to be removed from the online promotions email list. Contact us to remove yourself from our list.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 1, 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
Questions regarding this private policy should be directed to sales@legacybilliards.com.
free u.s. shipping
nationwide network of installers
most payment methods accepted
financing available
About Legacy
Testimonial
Materials We Use
Sustainabillity
More Resources
Website
Contact Us
Dealer Login
Privacy
Support
Warranty Registration
Warranty
Installation
Shipping
Returns
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions.
Copyright Legacy Billiards 2015 - 2020. Made by Astral Web
1-866-953-4272
info@legacybilliards.com