http://www.inventables.com/privacy_policy
Special Pre-Sale Offer: Up to 38% off the NEW X-Carve Pro
(22 days left for pre-sale offer)
Call us: (312) 775-7009
Email: help@inventables.com
M-F 9am – 5pm CST
Sun 12pm – 7pm CST
Inventables Privacy Policy
Date last modified:
October 31, 2020
Introduction
Inventables, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Inventables”, “we”, “us”,
“our”, and its correlatives), is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy outlines
Inventables’ general policy and practices for protecting personal information that we collect through your use of
and access to the Inventables website located at www.inventables.com
and/or easel.inventables.com (including any
successor or affiliated websites and including any mobile versions, the “Website(s)”), your posting and/or
review of information and/or questions regarding certain products and materials at the Websites, your purchase of any
items or materials from the Websites, your use of certain software or other services described at the Websites or
provided to you via the Websites, and through our other interactions with you, including those that occur through
telephone, email, or in-person (collectively, the “Service(s)”).
By submitting personal information to us, you are consenting to the use of your personal information (including any
disclosures, processing, and transfers of your information to third parties by Inventables) in accordance with this
Privacy Policy. Any consent you provide is entirely voluntary. If you do not accept this Privacy Policy, then you should
not use the Services or otherwise submit any personal information to Inventables.
Information Collection
Information We Receive from You. We collect information from you when you choose to share it
with us. This may include when you use our Services, request information from us, or contact us. The information we
receive from you may include:
Account User Data: first and last name, email address, phone number, address, user IDs and password, profile
picture (optional), social media links (optional), business website (optional).
Payment Information for Certain Services: billing name, billing phone, billing address, shipping address,
payment method and information, company name (if applicable).
Survey Data: feedback from optional surveys including the nature and size of your business.
Support Data: information that has been provided to Inventables or is otherwise processed in connection with
support activities such as support chats or calls and service support tickets.
Photographs: photographs you upload via the Services may also contain location information or other metadata
about you
that may be accessible to others if you share content on the Service.
Information Collected Automatically from Your Use of Our Services. We may automatically collect
certain information about users who access our Services, which may include:
Location Information: IP address, IP address locations, your approximate location.
Website and Services Activity: how you use our Website, pages viewed, time of visit, date of visit, time
since last visit, links clicked, information about pages viewed, information about if and how service features were
used, metrics related to how the services perform, information on system events and states.
Off-Website Activity: referring website address, information about the site you came from.
Information About Your Device: device type, computer type, internet connection type, linking multiple
devices to the same user, and your browser type, language, version, font settings).
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Cookies. To automatically collect certain information, we use “cookies,” which
are small data files stored on a user’s computer to enhance your on-line experience when visiting our Website, and
other tracking technologies. Cookies help to navigate from page to page on a website, provide secure connections, gather
statistics about the usage and effectiveness of our site, and remember preferences from a previous visit.
Analytics Providers and Advertising Networks. We may also use third-party services for
analytics and interest-based advertising purposes. These service providers and ad partners may use cookies alone or in
conjunction with unique identifiers, beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you
use our Website and open our emails. We allow certain analytics providers and online advertising networks and partners,
to set cookies and other tracking technologies during your visit to our Website to collect information in order to
provide tailored services and to personalize ads shown to you when you visit other websites. Some of our partners will
use your location to provide more relevant messaging.
Social Media Providers. We have presence on several social media platforms so that we can share
information about Inventables and our services with you. Information collected by social media platforms when you
interact with their services is governed by the social media platforms’ respective privacy policies. For more
information about how you can customize your privacy settings and how third-party social media websites handle your
personal information, please refer to their privacy policies.
Information Use
The following is a description of how we may use the personal information we have collected about
you. Automatically-collected information and other personal information may be combined with other information that
we collect directly from you or that we receive from other sources and is used for the purposes described below:
To provide services to you.
For your participation in certain of our services including purchasing Inventables products.
To provide our Website and its functionalities to you.
To enhance your online experience, including as a way to recognize you and welcome you to the Website.
To respond to your requests. If you contact us with a question or a request, we will use your information to
respond to your request.
To conduct data analytics to support our Website and business. Typically, these analyses are done using aggregated or
otherwise de-identified data. We use information, including automatically-collected information, to manage and improve
our Website and our business. For example, we may use such information to:
Manage our business needs, such as monitoring, analyzing, and improving the Services and the Website’s performance
and functionality. For example, we analyze Website user behavior and conduct research and analysis about the way you and
other users use our Website; or
Manage risk and protect the Website. We use data to better protect our Services, our Website, and you.
To market to you. Information we collect about you and how you use and interact with the Website and our Services, ads,
and other online content helps us to improve our Website and offer additional products and services that we think might
interest you. For example, we may analyze information about user interactions with our marketing emails (such as whether
emails have been opened or what content is clicked on) to determine whether those communications and ads are effective,
and to understand what other website functionalities, products or services may interest you.
To operate and improve our business.
To maintain our records.
For legal, contractual and safety purposes. We will use your information as necessary to enforce the terms of our
Website; to comply with all applicable laws and regulations; to protect our security and the security of our users,
employees, and property; to respond to court orders, lawsuits, subpoenas, and government requests; to address legal and
regulatory compliance; to verify your identity or communications from you; to comply with contracts and other agreements
to which we are a party; and to notify you of changes to our terms, policies, or practice.
To conduct internal monitoring and training.
For other purposes for which you provide your consent. We will use your information for other purposes which are
disclosed to you at the time your information is collected, or for purposes which can be inferred from or are
obvious given the circumstances of collection.
Information Sharing
Inventables may disclose the personal information we collect from you with the following categories of third parties and
in the following ways:
With our third-party service providers that provide business, professional, or technical support functions for us and
our services;
As necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of
any third party;
To respond to judicial process or provide information to law enforcement or regulatory agencies or in connection
with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or as otherwise required by law;
and
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection.
In the event Inventables goes through a business transition, such as a merger, or the acquisition or sale of all
or a portion of its assets, your personal information may be among the assets transferred.
Inventables may also share aggregate or anonymous non-personal information with third parties for marketing or analytics
uses on behalf of Inventables.
Your Choices
Information Provided by You. To access, review, or update your information stored by Inventables, you
may contact us at the information provided in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Email. You may unsubscribe from emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the
bottom of any promotional email from us. You may also contact us by email at
help@inventables.com, or postal address as
noted below. Please include your current contact information and your requested changes.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technology Choices.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser’s settings to disable all or
certain cookies. For more information on how to manage browser cookies, see
http://www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note
that by disabling or deleting cookies, you may not be able to access the full functionality of our Website. Disabling or
clearing cookies also may affect cookie-based opt-outs by either preventing you from using such cookie-based opt-outs or
clearing opt-outs that you previously set.
In addition to any management tools described above in this Privacy Policy, you can manage third-party
advertising preferences for some of the third-party partners we work with to serve advertising across the
Internet by utilizing the choices available at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and
http://www.aboutads.info/choices. For mobile users, you also
have numerous controls in your operating system
that enable you to choose whether to allow cookies or to share your advertising ID with third parties. For
some information on controlling your mobile choices, visit
https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices.
To help control or block certain ads in mobile applications, you may choose to download and utilize the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s mobile app by visiting
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices. We do not
guarantee that all of the third parties we work with will honor the elections you make using any of these
options.
California Privacy Rights
This section supplements the information contained in this Privacy Policy and provides information for eligible
California residents on their rights with respect to our collection, retention, and use of Personal Information under
the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). This section also explains California residents’ rights under
the California Civil Code section 1789.83 (the “Shine the Light Law”). For the purposes of this section,
“Personal Information” has the definition given in the CCPA.
Our Personal Information Collection and Use Practices.
Categories. Depending on how you have interacted with us, we may collect and may have collected the
following categories of Personal Information from you in the last twelve (12) months, which we may also share with third
parties for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. The categories of Personal Information we collect are
described below by reference to the statutory categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA. Personal
Information does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
Identifiers, such as name, email address, postal address, username, password, IP address, and other
online identifiers.
Sensory information, such as profile photos.
California customer records (as defined in California Civil Code §1798.80), such as contact details and
communications we collect through our support channels, marketing webpages, social media, and connections with other
marketing activities.
Commercial information, such as billing and transaction information and purchase history.
Internet or network activity information, such as information generated from interactions with our
online services, such as data collected through server logs and cookies and similar technologies.
Geolocation, such as your city or other general location.
Professional or employment-related information, such as current or prior organizational affiliation,
job title, information about your role, and work-related contact details.
Inferences that we may derive from the above identified information.
Sources. Directly from you and cookies/action tags and other tracking technologies as
described in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure to Third Parties for Business Purposes. We may disclose the Personal Information
we collect for the purposes described in the Information Sharing section of this Privacy Policy.
Business/Commercial Purposes for Use. We describe the business and commercial purposes for
which we use the Personal Information we collect for the business purposes in the Information Collection and Information
Use sections of this Privacy Policy.
Inventables has not sold consumers’ personal information in the twelve (12) months preceding the effective date of
this Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights Under the CCPA.
Right to Request. If you are a California resident, pursuant to the CCPA, you have the right to request:
the categories of Personal Information collected about you;
the categories of sources from which your personal information is collected;
the business or commercial purpose of collecting or selling your Personal Information;
the categories of third parties with which your Personal Information is shared;
the specific pieces of Personal Information collected about you;
the categories of Personal Information sold about you and the categories of third parties to whom the
Personal Information was sold, if applicable;
a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months;
deletion of your Personal Information; and
an opt out of having your Personal Information disclosed or sold to third parties.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information. You have the right to request that we
delete Personal
Information that we have collected and maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions. For example,
Inventables will not be required to comply with your request to delete your Personal Information if it is
necessary for Inventables to maintain your Personal Information in order to:
complete the transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, provide a good or service
requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of Inventables’ ongoing business
relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and Inventables;
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or
prosecute those responsible for that activity;
debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech,
or exercise another right provided for by law;
comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing
with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code;
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest
that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when Inventables’ deletion of the
information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if you
have provided informed consent;
to enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your
relationship with Inventables;
comply with a legal obligation; or
otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the
context in which you provided the information.
Exercising Your California Privacy Rights. To submit a request, or designate an authorized agent to
make a request under the CCPA on your behalf, please contact us by email at
help@inventables.com, or by phone toll-free
at +1 (855) 795-1187. To verify your identity when you submit a request and
confirm your California residency,
Inventables will match the identifying information you provide us to the Personal Information we have about you. If
necessary, we may ask you to provide additional information for verification regarding your request.
Right to Non-Discrimination for Exercising Rights. Inventables will not discriminate against you in the
event you exercise any of the aforementioned rights under CCPA, including, but not limited to, by:
denying goods or services to you;
charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or
imposing penalties;
providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or;
suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or
quality of goods or services.
California Shine the Light Law. In addition to your rights under the CCPA, the California Shine the
Light Law permits California residents to request information regarding our disclosure, if any, of their personal
information (as defined in the Shine the Light Law) to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes and the
categories of personal information disclosed. You may send us requests for this information using our information
provided in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
European Privacy Rights
This section supplements the information contained in this Privacy Policy and provides additional information for
eligible European Economic Area (“EEA”) and UK data subjects on their rights with respect to our collection,
retention, and use of personal information.
Data Controller. We are the data controllers responsible for your personal data processed via
the Website.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data. If you are an individual located in the EEA or UK, we collect
and process personal data about you where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable EEA and UK laws. This
means we collect and process your data only when:
It is necessary for a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your individual privacy interests),
such
as preventing fraud, improving our website, and increasing the security of the website and network
infrastructure;
You have consented to this collection and processing for a specific purpose;
It is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations; or
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
Some examples of our legitimate interests for processing personal data include:
Website and network security;
Customer support;
Marketing to current customers;
Fraud prevention; or
Improving our website.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and
use your personal data, please contact us at help@inventables.com.
Data Subject’s Rights. You have the following rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you:
Right to withdraw consent. If we rely on your consent (or explicit consent) as our legal
basis for processing your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
Right of access and/or portability. You may have the right to access the personal data we hold about
you, and in some limited circumstances, have that data provided to you so you can provide or “port” that
data to another provider.
Right to rectification. You may have the right to require us to correct any inaccurate or
incomplete personal information.
Right to erasure. In certain circumstance, you may have the right to the erasure of
personal data that we hold about you, for example, where we no longer need it or if you withdraw your
consent (where applicable).
Right to restrict processing. You may have the right to request that we restrict processing of your
personal data in certain circumstances such as where you contest the accuracy of that personal data or you object to us.
Right to object. You may have the right to request that we stop processing your personal data or stop
sending you marketing communications.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling. You have the right not to be subject to
a decision when it is based on automatic processing, including profiling, if it produces a legal effect or similarly
significantly affects you, unless such profiling is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract
between you and us.
Right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. If you have a concern about any aspect of
our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your personal data, you can report it to your local data
protection regulators.
How to Exercise Your Rights. To exercise any of your rights, you may contact us using our information
provided in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
Retention. We retain personal information for only so long as necessary for the intended purpose for
which it was collected, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law or our document retention
policies, which are based on professional standards and best practices.
Cookies. We describe our practices regarding cookie technologies in the Information Collection,
Information Use, and Information Sharing sections of this Privacy Policy, and provide information regarding the
management of cookies in the Your Choices section of this Privacy Policy.
Data Storage And Transfers
Your information collected through the Services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in
which Inventables or its service providers maintain facilities. If you access and use our Website from a location
outside of the United States, any personal data you provide to us or that is otherwise collected may be transferred to
and processed in the United States or any other jurisdiction in our sole discretion. The laws that apply to the use and
protection of personal data in the United States or other countries or jurisdictions to which we transfer, or in which
we process, personal data may differ from those of your country of residence. Users who access or use our Website from
jurisdictions outside of the United States do so at their own choice and risk, and are solely responsible for
compliance with local law. While we take steps to safeguard your personal data, the United States has not been deemed
by the European Commission to ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data. Accordingly, the level of
protection provided in the United States or other non-EEA countries and jurisdictions from which you may access our
website may not be as stringent as that under EEA data protection standards or the data protection laws of some other
countries, possibly including your home jurisdiction.
Data Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We have taken certain physical, administrative, and
technical steps to safeguard the information we collect from and about our customers and Website visitors and Service
users. While we strive to use reasonable and appropriate means to help ensure the integrity and security of our network
and systems, we cannot guarantee our security measures.
Children’s Privacy
Protecting children’s privacy is important to us. Individuals 16 years of age or under are not eligible to use our
Services and should not submit any personal information to us or sign up for their own accounts. Inventables does not
knowingly allow children under the age of 16 to sign up for their own accounts. This Website is not designed for or
directed at persons 16 years of age or younger, and we do not intentionally or knowingly collect information from anyone
under the age of 16 through this Website.
Do Not Track Signals
Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” or similar feature that signals to websites with which the
browser communicates that a visitor does not want to have his or her online activity tracked. Not all browsers offer a
“Do Not Track” option and “Do Not Track” signals are not yet uniform. For this reason, the
Website does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals.
Links To Other Websites
The Website, and email messages from us, may contain links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that
differ from our own. The inclusion of a link on the Website does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by
us. You should be aware that the collection, retention, and use of any data you provide on these third-party websites
will be governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the website and not by this Privacy Policy. We are not
responsible for the practices of such websites.
Public Forums
Any information you may disclose on our Website in blogs, on message boards, in chat rooms, or on other public areas on
the Website, or other third-party websites that the Website may link to, becomes public information. Please exercise
caution when disclosing personal information in these public areas. We reserve the right to remove any posting or
content at our sole discretion.
Privacy Policy Changes
Inventables reserves the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any revised
Privacy Policy on this Website, or a similar website that replaces this Website. By continuing to use any of our
Website after we post any revised Privacy Policy, you agree that the terms of the revised Privacy Policy as of the
effective date will apply to information previously collected or collected in the future, as permitted by law.
How To Contact Us
We hope this Privacy Policy answers your questions about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal
information. If you have additional questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please send an email to
help@inventables.com. You can also contact us by writing to this address:
Inventables, Inc.
328 S. Jefferson Street, Suite 260
Chicago, IL 60661
Attention: Privacy
Jeff Talbot is our Data Protection Officer for the EEA and he can also be reached at
privacy@inventables.com.