http://www.sosgroup.co.uk/privacy_policy
about
|
location
|
contact
|
login/register
Cafe
Office
Storage
Reception
Clubs & Halls
Display
Promethean
School Contracts
Education
Nursery
Catalogue
Projects
NEW CATALOGUE
|
SCRAPBOOK
|
FACEBOOK
|
TWITTER
|
SEARCH:
GO
Privacy Policy
Welcome to SOS Group (the "Site").
We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect
to those users of the Site ("Visitors") who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the
various services offered by SOS Group (collectively, "Services") ("Authorised Customers").
"Personally Identifiable Information" refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such
information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number and email address. Personally Identifiable Information does not
include information that is collected anonymously.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorised Customers: the names,
addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorised Customers, the nature and size of the business, and the nature and size of the advertising inventory
that the Authorised Customer intends to purchase or sell.
How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customise the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site.
We may email Visitors and Authorised Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of
the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorised Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide
requested information.
How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?
Personally Identifiable Information collected by SOS Group is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of SOS Group except for use
as indicated above.
What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
Visitors and Authorised Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by
responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at info@sosgroup.co.uk
Are Cookies Used on the Site? Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors
and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorised Customers. The following cookies are used on this site:
Cookie Name
Cookie Type
Purpose
civicAllowCookies
First party/Persistent
It remembers that our cookie information notice was displayed when the site was accessed by your computer and device.
civicShowCookieIcon
First party/Persistent
It remembers that the cookie notification icon is no longer required.
PHPSESSID
First party Session Cookie
This cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to record the length of individual session on the website.
__utmz
First party/Persistent (Google Analytics)
It stores the type of referral used by the visitor to reach your site, whether via a direct method, a referring link, a website search, or a campaign such as an ad or an email link. It is used to calculate search engine traffic, ad campaigns and page navigation within the site. It is updated with each page view.
__utma
First party/Persistent (Google Analytics)
This cookie is used to determine the number of unique visitors to the site and it is updated with each page view.
__utmb
First party/Persistent (Google Analytics)
This cookie is used to establish and continue a user session. Each time a user visits a different page on your site; this cookie is updated to expire in 30 minutes, thus continuing a single session for as long as user activity continues within 30-minute intervals. This cookie expires when a user pauses on a page for longer than 30 minutes.
__utmc
First party/Persistent (Google Analytics)
This cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to record the length of individual session on the website.
wcsid
First party Session Cookie
This cookie is used by the Olark Chat System
hblid
First party/Persistent (Olark Chat)
This cookie is used by the Olark Chat System
_ok
First party Session Cookie
This cookie is used by the Olark Chat System
_okbk
First party Session Cookie
This cookie is used by the Olark Chat System
omp_super_properties
First party/Persistent (Olark Chat)
This cookie is used by the Olark Chat System
olfsk
First party/Persistent (Olark Chat)
This cookie is used by the Olark Chat System
_oklv
First party Session Cookie
This cookie is used by the Olark Chat System
How does SOS Group use login information?
SOS Group uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user's
movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law.
We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or a request from a law enforcement agency to release
information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorised Customers.
How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?
All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorised Customers is
only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems
and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place
to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases
are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or
Authorised Customers for any such occurrences.
How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?
Visitors and Authorised Customers may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us
at info@sosgroup.co.uk
Can a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site?
We provide Visitors and Authorised Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site's database by
contacting info@sosgroup.co.uk. However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible
to delete a Visitor's entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information
deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating
to that individual in any way moving forward.
What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?
We will let our Visitors and Authorised Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing
our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorised Customer has previously
requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorised Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorised Customer to prevent such disclosure.
Links:
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to
read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
© 2020. All Rights Reserved.     |     Privacy Policy