http://www.terranigrausa.com/site/en/privacy
Privacy and Cookie Statement
Privacy and Cookie Statement Dümmen Orange
This Privacy and Cookie Statement describes the personal data collected or generated (processed) when you use the Dümmen Orange website dummenorange.com (“Site”) and how your personal data is used, shared and protected.
This Privacy and Cookie Statement applies only to the personal data we collect on this Site and not to any personal data that we collect through other methods or services, including websites owned or operated by our affiliates, vendors or partners.
Who Is Responsible for The Processing of Your Personal Data?
Dümmen Orange is the controller responsible for the processing of your personal data through the Site. We are a Dutch company, with registered address at Coldenhovelaan 6, 2678 PS De Lier.
What Personal Data We Collect and When?
Personal data you provide to us
We collect and store personal data that you choose to voluntarily provide to us, such as your contact details including name, address, email, telephone number and resume (which may include personal details such as gender, hometown, date of birth and image), when contacting us through the Site, ordering a hard copy catalog or applying for a job.
How Do We Use the Personal Data We Collect?
We use the personal data we collect through this Site to provide you with the services you requested. We also use the data collected to examine in which way we can adjust the Site to improve your visitor experience.
Sharing of Your Personal Data
We do not sell or otherwise disclose your personal data, except as described herein.
We may share job applications within the Dümmen Orange group worldwide to assess the job applications.
We may share your personal data with third party service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf. We may use other companies to perform services on our behalf, including without limitation hosting or operating this Site and analysing data. We require these service providers by agreement to appropriately safeguard the privacy and security of personal data they process on our behalf.
We may disclose your personal data if we are compelled or required by law, to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, to protect or defend our legal rights, or to investigate, prevent or act regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or violations for the terms for using this Site or other applicable policies.
We also reserve the right to transfer your personal data if we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business assets.
Data Transfer
We may transfer the personal data we collect on this Site to other countries other those in which the data was originally collected. Such countries may not offer the same adequate level of protection as countries in the European Union / European Economic Area. When we transfer your personal data outside the European Union / European Economic Area, we will protect this data as described in this Privacy and Cookie Statement and ensure that the personal data is only transferred when there is an adequate level of protection or appropriate safeguards have been put in place.
Security
The security of your personal data is important to us, and we are committed to using reasonable technical, practical and organisation measures to protect the personal data we may collect through the Site.
Nonetheless, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us or the data stored on this Site is secure.
Retention of your Personal Data
We retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collect it, except if required otherwise by law
Your Rights Related to Your Personal Data
You have the right to request: (i) access to your personal data; (ii) correction of your personal data if it is incomplete or inaccurate; or (iii) deletion of your personal data. You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data on compelling legitimate grounds relating to your situation. Where we have obtained your consent for the processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Data We Collect by Automated Means – Cookies
We also collect certain data by using cookies when you visit this Site. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer’s hard drive or mobile device when you visit certain websites. Cookies hold data that may be accessed by the party that placed the cookie, which is either the Site itself (first party cookie) or a third party (third party cookie).
You do have control over cookies and can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Please note, however, that by not accepting or deleting the use of cookies, you may not be able to (fully) use this Site.
On the Site, we use the following cookies:
JSESSIONID
This cookie is set when you get a session assigned from the server. We use this cookie for example to resolve whether you are logged in or not.
This cookie is saved until the session is ended (browser shut down).
preferreduserlanguage
This cookie is set when you choose to change the language of the Site. The next time you visit the Site (e.g. de.dummenorange.com) we redirect you to your preferred language. For example, you are redirected to de.dummenorange.com/site/en if you have set your preferred language to English.
This cookie is saved for 1 year.
preferredCountry, preferredAssortment and preferredRegionalWebsite
These cookies are set when you choose to change your country (from within the cookie bar). The next time you visit the Site (e.g. dummenorange.com/), we redirect you to your region website. Your preferred country is used when you reach out to us through the contact form on the Site (the country input select is prefilled with your chosen country).
This cookie is saved for 1 year.
Google Analytics: _ga, _gat, _utma, _utmz
These cookies are set when you visit the Site.  Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., which uses cookies to help us with website statistics.  The data generated by the cookie about your use of this Site (such as your IP address, the URL visited, the date and time the page was viewed) will be transmitted via a secured connection (SSL) and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Your IP address will be masked by setting the last octet of your IP address to zero before it is stored by Google.   Google will use this data to monitor your use of this Site, and to compile reports on website activity for us. Based on our agreement with Google, Google is not allowed to use this data for their own purposes and may only transfer this data to third parties where required by law, or where such third parties process data on Google’s behalf.
This cookie is saved for 1 year.
Questions
We welcome questions about our Privacy and Cookie Statement. If you wish to provide feedback or if you have questions or concerns or wish to exercise your rights related to your personal data, please contact us at Privacy@dummenorange.com or write to us at: P.O. Box 26, 2676 ZG DE LIER, The Netherlands. Note that you may submit a complaint to the relevant privacy regulator.
Changes to this Privacy and Cookie Statement
We reserve the right to change or amend this Privacy and Cookie Statement from time to time and will post any revisions on this Site. We will indicate at the bottom of the Privacy and Cookie Statement when it was most recently updated. We encourage you to check back regularly to review the latest version.
Cookie settings
For more information about the cookies, or the update your preferences, please see:
Privacy and Cookie statement
Functional (required)
These cookies are necessary for the website to function.
Analytics
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
Spam prevention
These cookies allow us to prevent the abuse of forms on our website.
Save cookie preferences
We noticed you are visiting this website from
Unknown
To provide you with information that best suits your needs, we suggest you visit the website of your region:
Continue to Dümmen Orange
Global
Choose your country
Europe
Africa
Antarctica
Asia
Australia
North America
South America
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Chinese Taipei
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo - Brazzaville
Congo - Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czechia
Côte d’Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard & McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong SAR China
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau SAR China
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territories
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Réunion
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Barthélemy
St. Helena
St. Kitts & Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Martin
St. Pierre & Miquelon
St. Vincent & Grenadines
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
São Tomé & Príncipe
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Outlying Islands
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis & Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
Cookies: We use cookies to ensure you get the best browsing experience on our website.
More information
Accept all cookies
Customize cookies