https://www.dzinersign.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
D’ziner Sign Company is committed to protecting online user privacy. In order to ensure your privacy, information D’ziner Sign Company collects through our web site at www.dzinersign.com (“Site”) is used only in the manner and for the purposes described in this D’ziner Sign Company Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy.”)
User Consent to Privacy Policy
Any person accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Site, either manually or via an automated device or program, shall be considered a “User.” All Users are bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. Users consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable User information (“Information”) pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected from Users
D’ziner Sign Company collects the email address of Users that email a question or comment to D’ziner Sign Company or submit a customer review.
D’ziner Sign Company collects the billing and shipping addresses, including relevant e-mail, phone and credit card numbers and expiration dates of Users who purchase a product from D’ziner Sign Company through the Site. This includes Users who register to become D’ziner Sign Company members or enter any D’ziner Sign Company contests or other promotional features available on the Site.
Through the use of “cookies” (For more information regarding Cookies, see below), D’ziner Sign Company may collect and store anonymous information relating to Users’ browsing patterns, including, for instance, the User’s browser version, site referral information, IP address, operating system, and other technical Site use information.
Cookies
The Site uses a feature of Internet Web browsers called a Cookie, which is a file that a User’s Web browser places on a User’s computer’s hard drive, to assign an identification code to the computer and to collect anonymous browsing information. On this Site, cookies are used in conjunction with session variables to track a User’s shopping cart and expire as soon as an order is completed or if a shopping cart sits idle for a lengthy period without being checked-out.
D’ziner Sign Company does not use Cookies to retrieve Information about Users from a User’s computer unless the User knowingly and willingly provided such Information.
You may set your Internet Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to prevent cookies from being sent. If you prevent a cookie from being sent, you may limit the functionality D’ziner Sign Company can provide you when you visit the Site, especially when purchasing an item on the Site.
Use of Information
D’ziner Sign Company uses the Information collected from its Users to:
Respond to Users’ questions or comments;
Administer a User’s contest entry or entry in other promotional feature;
Fulfill a User’s purchase request and notify Users of their order status; and
Provide Users with important functionality changes to the Site, new D’ziner Sign Company services and special offers we think you will find valuable.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Unless we have your consent or except as required or permitted by law, D’ziner Sign Company will not sell, share, trade or give away any Information that it collects or receives regarding its Users.
D’ziner Sign Company may disclose information about our Users to others if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of D’ziner Sign Company or others. D’ziner Sign Company may disclose Information to third party in the event that a third party acquires D’ziner Sign Company or its assets. (See, Sale or Acquisition section below.)
Linked Internet Web Sites
The Site may provide hyperlinks, which are highlighted words or pictures within a hypertext document that, when clicked, take you to another place within the document, to another document altogether, or may take you to a third party website not controlled by D’ziner Sign Company. These hyperlinked third party websites may collect and disclose Information different than this Site. D’ziner Sign Company is not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of information collected through these web sites, and D’ziner Sign Company expressly disclaims any and all liability related to such collection, use, or disclosure.
Children
The D’ziner Sign Company Site is not directed towards children under 18 years of age and D’ziner Sign Company does not knowingly collect any information from children under 18 years of age through the Site.
Security
D’ziner Sign Company has security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Information under our control, including credit card information that is submitted to D’ziner Sign Company When Users place orders or access their account information, the Site uses secure server software (SSL), which encrypts all information Users’ input before it is sent to us. Thus, we have taken steps to protect the Information we collect from you from unauthorized access. Unfortunately, no system is perfect; therefore, D’ziner Sign Company makes no representations or warranties with regard to the sufficiency of these security measures. D’ziner Sign Company shall not be responsible for any actual or consequential damages that result from a lapse in compliance with this Privacy Policy because of a security breach or technical malfunction.
Sale or Acquisition
In the event that another company acquires D’ziner Sign Company or all or part of its assets, we reserve the right to include Information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company.
Applicable Law/International Issues
Information that is submitted to this Site will be collected, processed, stored, disclosed and disposed of in accordance with applicable U.S. law. If you are a non-U.S. User, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect and use your Information, as discussed above, outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, such Information may be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction. U.S. law may not provide the degree of protection for Information that is available in other countries. By providing us with your Information, you acknowledge that your have read this Privacy Policy, understand it, agree to its terms and consent to the transfer of such Information outside your resident jurisdiction. If you do not consent to the terms of this Policy, please do not use this Site, but if you have already provided us with Information, please contact us and let us know how you would like us to handle such information.
Amendments to Privacy Policy
D’ziner Sign Company reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy periodically.