http://www.charvo.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Charvo
+44 (0) 1756 795028
HomeCOMPANY PROFILECHARVO LTDCHARVO FINISHINGCONTACT
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are:
Charvo Group
Snaygill Industrial Estate
Keighley Road
Skipton
North Yorkshire
BD23 2QR
UK
Tel: +44 (0) 1756 795028
Fax: +44 (0) 1756 798473
What information do we collect?
We may collect data about you in the following ways:
•    By filling in forms on our website.
•    If you contact us, we may keep a record of that
correspondence.
•    Visiting our site, including, but not limited
to, traffic data, location data and other communication data
required for our own security and diagnostics.
You can visit our site anonymously.  When using this site,
whenever appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail
address or mailing address.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in any of
the following ways:
•    To personalise your experience: Your
information helps us to better respond to your individual
needs.
•    To improve our website: We may want to improve
our website based on information and feedback we receive from
you.
•    To improve customer service: Your information
helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service
requests and support needs.
•    To send periodic emails: The email address you
provide for order processing, may be used to send you information
and updates relating to your relationship with us, in addition to
receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or
service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from
receiving future emails, follow the unsubscribe instructions at the
bottom of any list mail.  Failing that, contact us using any
method shown on the contact page.
Cookie Use?
We use cookies to help us delivery content and services through
our website.  You can block cookies by activating the setting
in your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or
some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block
all cookies you may not be allowed access to all or parts of our
site. Unless you have changed your browser settings so that it will
refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit
our site.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties
your personally identifiable information. This does not include
trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website,
conducting our business, or assisting you, so long as those parties
agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release
your information where this is appropriate to comply with the law,
enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights,
property, or safety.
Third party links
We may occasionally include links to third party websites. These
third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy
policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the
content or functionality of these linked sites. We do seek to
protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about
these other sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected
through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change our privacy policy without notice.  We will
post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy
modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 25.Jul.2018
SitemapPrivacy Policy
Copyright 2021 © Charvo. All Rights Reserved.
WEBSITE DESIGN 9thwave
HOSTING & DEVELOPMENT Pennine Data