http://www.interpretext.com/legal/
Skip Navigation
About Us
Contact Us
Jobs
Services>>
Translation
Overview
Certification and Notarization
Rate Quote
Instant Quote
Revision
Overview
Rate Quote
Interpretation
Overview
On-Site Interpretation
Telephonic Interpretation
Corporate Language Solutions
Overview
Language Instruction
Business Card Translation
Email Translation
Client Portal
Convenient Billing
Services to Law Firms
Overview
Language Services
Process Service
Legal Document Retrieval
Client Portal
Convenient Billing
Home > General Legal Notices
General Legal Notices
Confidentiality
Interpretext, Inc. takes confidentiality issues very seriously. All Interpretext, Inc. employees and contractors are bound by a commerical confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement. All source materials and translations are kept on a need-to-know basis so the information contained will never be exposed to uninvolved staff or people outside of Interpretext, Inc. Only those within the organization who need to know the client name will be advised of it. All others operate using a code name in referring to the client. Interpretext, Inc. has instituted a number of document control and duplication procedures to prevent uninvolved parties from compromising the security of any documents, recordings, or images retained by Interpretext.
Refusal of Service
Interpretext, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or decline services to any individual, group, or company without limitation and without cause or explanation.
Children's Privacy Statement
No information should be submitted to Interpretext, Inc. by persons under 13 years of age. Interpretext, Inc. does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 and does not sell such information. If we discover that we have recieved any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe Interpretext has any information from or about anyone under 13, except that authorized by law, please contact us immediately.
Legal Information
General Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Live toll-free customer service is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week at +1-800-499-8497.
General Legal Notices | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Directory
Interpretext Name and Logo are Service Marks of Interpretext, Inc.
Website Copyright © 2004-2019, Interpretext, Inc. All Rights Reserved.