http://www.couturefashionweek.com/privacy-policy-terms-use/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY and TERMS OF USE
Thank you for visiting our website. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request, i.e., ticket purchase. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to our mailing list.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the website, and understanding how visitors use the website. Cookies can also help customize the website for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All e-mails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By E-mail: info@couturefashionweek.com
By Fax: 212.202.4604
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern COUTURE FASHION WEEK / USA INTERNATIONAL FASHION SHOWS’s relationship with you regarding this website.
The term COUTURE FASHION WEEK / USA INTERNATIONAL FASHION SHOWS or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
a) The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
b) Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
c) Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
d) This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, photographs, videos, logos and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
e) All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not our property, licensed to us or permitted for us to use are acknowledged on the website.
f) Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
g) This website includes links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
h) We reserve the right to prohibit you from posting a link to this website from another website or document.
i) Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States.
Website Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by COUTURE FASHION WEEK / USA INTERNATIONAL FASHION SHOWS and while we strive to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of COUTURE FASHION WEEK / USA INTERNATIONAL FASHION SHOWS. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, COUTURE FASHION WEEK / USA INTERNATIONAL FASHION SHOWS takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Copyright Notice
This website and its content is copyright of Andres Aquino, COUTURE FASHION WEEK / USA INTERNATIONAL FASHION SHOWS – © Andres Aquino, COUTURE FASHION WEEK / USA INTERNATIONAL FASHION SHOWS. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
a) you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only;
b) you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
PAYMENT SECURITY
We use www.PayPal.com to process the sales of products and services through our website, For more information on how www.PayPal.com safeguards transactions please visit their website and click on “Security”.