https://www.gorillatough.com/privacy/
Group
skip navigation
toggle high contrast
School Glue for Kids.
Explore Gorilla
x
Toggle navigation menu
PRODUCTS
NEW ARRIVALS
FOR CRAFTS
FOR REPAIRS
FOR DIY
MOVING & SHIPPING
GLUES & ADHESIVES
Gorilla Glues
Super Glues
Wood Glue
Epoxies
Construction Adhesives
Craft Glues
TAPES
Gorilla Tapes
Mounting Tapes
Packaging Tapes
Sealant Tape
SEALANTS
100% Silicones
Paintable Silicone
Spray Sealant
Glue
School Glue
Glue Stick
COMPARE PRODUCTS
VIEW ALL PRODUCTS
INSPIRATION
ABOUT
Submit Search
Home
Products
Inspiration
About
Careers
Product Comparison Guide
Submit Search
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE
By using or accessing this website you signify your acknowledgment and assent to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use set forth below. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this website. This policy is intended to help you understand how The Gorilla Glue Company (“Gorilla Glue”), its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Gorilla Glue,” “we,” or “us”) collect, use and safeguard the information you provide on our website.
What we collect
We aggregate both anonymous and personal data. What we collect depends on what you do when you use our website and on what personal information you elect to give us.
Anonymous data
We collect anonymous data when you visit our site, including your internet address, the time of your visit and the pages that you view. We use this information to monitor and improve the performance of our site so that we can continue to effectively and reliably provide useful services for our visitors and our company.
Personal information
If you wish, you can provide us with personal information about yourself by using the contact forms and email addresses on this site. This information includes your name, email address and phone number. We only collect this information directly from you and only when you elect to provide it. Personal information about you is only used to conduct business with you. If you accept the opportunity to be contacted by us, either by personal email, telephone or email newsletter, you can revoke that acceptance at any time by contacting us at the contact points specified below.
Profile
We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and/or clear gifs to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the user’s personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user’s visit to our Website, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We do not share your profile with other third parties.
What we share
We DO NOT sell, lease or otherwise share any aggregate non-personably identifiable data or personal information about our visitors with or to any third party companies or individuals.
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Gorilla Glue or its websites; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Gorilla Glue or (c) act to protect the personal safety of the employees of Gorilla Glue and other users of the website.
What we use
“Cookies” and JavaScript
We may use cookies. Web cookies are small bits of information that your web browser may allow our server to store on your computer. We use this information to anonymously track your visit to our site. Even if you elect to give us personal information it will never appear in the cookies. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookies, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. You can disable cookies (consult support information from your browser’s publisher). If you disable cookies, your visit to our site will not be significantly affected though, from time to time, we may provide special features that require the use of cookies.
JavaScript is a programming language that’s used to automate certain web features such as buttons that light up when you select them and menus that expand as you use them. We may use JavaScript to enhance our website and to assist in the tracking of anonymous data. If you disable JavaScript, many of the features on our website may not work.
Web Beacons (Clear Gifs)
Certain Gorilla Glue websites may also contain electronic images known as Web beacons, or clear gif technology, which can be used to assist in determining what content is effective on the website. Web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movement of Web users. The main difference between the two is that clear gifs are invisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Web beacons are not used to access your personal information. They are a technique used to compile aggregate statistics about usage of Gorilla Glue websites. Web beacons collect a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides.
Clear Gifs can “work with” existing cookies on a computer if they are both from the same Website or web marketing/customer service company. That means, for example, that if a person visited www.companyX.com, which uses a web marketing company’s clear gif, the Website or web marketing company would match the clear gif’s identifier and the web marketing company’s cookie ID number, to show the past online behavior for that computer. This collected information would then be given to the Website. In addition, we may use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If users would like to opt-out of these emails, please see the Opt-out section.
Log Files
Like most standard Website servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to enable our Web-based service.
Use of Personal Data
Personal information provided by users who are 13 or more years of age may be used for marketing and promotional purposes only by Gorilla Glue and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Gorilla Glue does not rent, sell or otherwise distribute to third parties, your personal information entered on this site except to the extent permitted by the user in the Release in connection with the submission of testimonials to Gorilla Glue. While we use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your information, Gorilla Glue will have no liability for disclosure of any information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.
Children’s Privacy
We believe that protecting the privacy of children is very important. Our websites are not designed to attract individuals under the age of 18. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we do not collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13. If we discover we have received any information from a child under the age of 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe that Gorilla Glue has any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us at the contact points specified below.
Choice
Users must specify that they wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications at the point where we ask for information. However, users can change or opt-out on how they are contacted at any time by writing to the contact points specified below.
Linked Sites
Our website may contain links to various other websites. Gorilla Glue assumes no responsibility for the content or practices of websites linked through our website and such linking should not suggest or imply any affiliation or endorsement by Gorilla Glue of the linked website. Please be aware that we, Gorilla Glue, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Website.
Business Transitions
In the event Gorilla Glue goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, user’s personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the user’s personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.
Security
We follow industry standards and practices to safeguard all of the information, anonymous and personal, that we collect. Gorilla Glue will only provide access to personal information about you to those of our employees who need that information to do business with you. If users have any questions about the security at our Website, users can contact us at the contact points specified below.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information If a users personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users personally identifiable information. This can usually be accomplished by contacting us at the contact points specified below.
Revisions to this policy
Gorilla Glue reserves the right to periodically revise this policy. Please check this page periodically for changes. The document revision date displayed below will indicate when this policy was last revised. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If, however, we are going to use user’s personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Website notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information:
Questions about this privacy policy should be directed to:
2101 E. Kemper Road
Cincinnati, OH 45241
Questions about our services or products should not be directed to this address and will not be replied to. Please use this contact information only for legal and privacy policy matters. For all other inquiries, refer to the Contact Us section of our home page.
Terms of Use
Nothing on this website shall be construed as conferring any license under an intellectual property right, including any right in the nature of trademark or copyright of Gorilla Glue or any third party, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. All trademarks and trade names are the property of their respective owners. Except as otherwise noted, Gorilla Glue is the owner of all trademarks and service marks on this website, whether registered or not. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved exclusively and entirely to Gorilla Glue. 2007 The Gorilla Glue Company.
Release
By indicating your agreement to the terms and conditions in connection with the submission of your Gorilla Tough Story: (1) You irrevocably grant to Gorilla Glue the right to attribute your attached statement (or statement in different words which have substantially the same meaning) to you, which is your own true and correct expression of your personal experience and belief and to use such statement as a testimonial to Gorilla Glue’s product(s); (2) You also understand that Gorilla Glue may use your statement in various media including press, radio, television, Internet and other promotional materials without compensation to you, edit your statement for length and content, and identify you only by first name, city and state in connection with the statement; (3) You also release Gorilla Glue, its affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees, its advertising agency, licensees, and producers or publishers of its promotional material, those acting under its authority, and its successors and assigns from any and all claims and demands, whether known or unknown, arising in connection with your statement and name, including claims for defamation, libel, violation of any moral rights, invasion of privacy, publicity or personality or any similar matter, or based upon or relating to any use, publication, distribution or other exploitation of your statement or my name in connection therewith; (4) You also represent and warrant that you are over the age of eighteen (18) years, that you have the credentials you represent and are the person identified in the Release, and that you have read and understand the contents of the Release.
GORILLA GLUE, GORILLA, The Gorilla Glue Logos, FOR THE TOUGHEST JOBS ON PLANET EARTH, GORILLA TAPE, GORILLAWELD and others are trademarks of The Gorilla Glue Company, are Registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and may be registered in other countries.
All content on this website is owned by The Gorilla Glue Company and is subject to all applicable United States and international copyright laws and treaties. No portion of this web site may otherwise be reproduced, modified or reposted to other websites without the consent of The Gorilla Glue Company.
GORILLA GLUE, GORILLA, The Gorilla Glue Logos, FOR THE TOUGHEST JOBS ON PLANET EARTH, GORILLA TAPE, GORILLAWELD and others are trademarks of The Gorilla Glue Company, are Registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and may be registered in other countries.  The unauthorized use of these trademarks and logos is strictly prohibited, and you may not use these trademarks or logos in any way that suggests affiliation with, sponsorship by, or approval by The Gorilla Glue Company, without permission. If you have questions regarding GORILLA trademarks, contact The Gorilla Glue Company Office at 1-800-966-3458.
This privacy policy was revised June 17, 2014.