https://www.william-cook.co.uk/gb/policy/terms
Make an Enquiry
Make an Enquiry
Your Name
Email Address
Telephone
Company Name
Message
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
AboutWilliam Cook Group is a company incorporated in England and Wales (company number 00074837) whose registered office is at Parkway Aveune, Sheffield, S9 4UL Trading as ‘william-cook.co.uk’ This privacy policy sets out how william-cook.co.uk uses and protects all information that you give william-cook.co.uk when you use this website. William-cook.co.uk is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using our website, william-cook.co.uk assures you that it will only be used in accordance with the law and also this privacy statement. William-cook.co.uk may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 01/01/14.PrivacyWhat we collectWe may collect the following information: name and job title, contact information - including email address and demographic information such as postcode.What we do with the information we gather?We require this information to communicate with you, with regards to: Internal record keeping. We may use the information to improve our products and services.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. We have put in place suitable managerial procedures as well as digital security measures to secure the information we collect online.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small piece of information in the form of a text file, sent by a web server and stored on the computer of a visitor to a web site. It can then be read back later by the web server or web browser when required. The use of cookies is a convenient way of allowing a computer to remember specific information relating to a web site.We only use session cookies. We use these cookies in two ways; To retain user preferences and to collect web site usage information via Google Analytics. User PreferencesWe use cookies to retain non-personally identifiable information intended to enhance the browsing experience. User preference cookies are not used to collect any personal information such as a user’s name or email address.Google AnalyticsWe use cookies to collect web site usage information via a service called Google Analytics.What type of information is collected?The data collected relates to each specific visit to the web site. The information gathered includes the duration of the visit, the path taken between pages, the type of computer that is being used and the approximate location of the visitor. Google Analytics does not collect any personal information such as a user’s name or email address.How is the data used?Data collected by the Google Analytics service is stored in the United States and non-personally identifiable information may be used by Google & its partners (for further details visit the Google Privacy Policy web page).Managing CookiesView our cookie policyLinks to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to WILLIAM COOK LIMITED, Parkway Aveune, Sheffield, S9 4UL