https://www.qbitus.co.uk/privacy-policy/
GDPR & Privacy Policy
GDPR & Privacy Policy
Qbitus has implemented, and maintains, an integrated business management system certified to the standards ISO 9001, ISO 13485, ISO 14001 and in compliance with the information security standard ISO 27001.
Introduction
Qbitus recognise that the personal information we receive is held in a position of trust. We therefore seek to fulfil that trust by adhering to general principles regarding the protection of personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share, and protect information gathered through this Site and during other interactions you may have with Qbitus.
Our registered address is:
Qbitus Products
Springwood Cornmill
Rawroyds
Holywell Green
Halifax
HX4 9ED
Our registered company number is:
07815953
We act as the ‘Data Controller’ for personal data. We are registered with the ICO, our number is Z2641626. We only collect information required to fulfill stated purposes and where there is a lawful basis for doing it, and will not retain it for longer than is necessary.
Scope
This Privacy Statement applies to personal information collected on websites, mobile applications, or controlled widgets embedded in communication platforms (“Sites”) and personal information collected in connection with Qbitus’s business operations, such as information from patients, health care professionals or employees’ human resource data.
Personal Information as used herein, is any information that can be used either alone or combined with other information to identify an individual or that can be directly linked to an individual.
This Privacy Statement describes Qbitus’s collection, use, and distribution practices with respect to personal information.
Information Collection
DQbitus does not require you to provide Personal Information to access any portion of our public website. Only Personal Information you voluntarily provide to us is collected.
Qbitus maintains physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect your nonpublic personal information. We may also collect product and service information and provide these statistics to others in an aggregate form where the information has been de-identified.
Personal information collected via Qbitus Sites may include, but is not limited to:
Contact information, such as name, address, email, telephone number, fax number, organisation name, and/or job title
Unique identifiers and preference information marketing preferences, internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, computer or mobile device, or navigation and clickstream behaviour
Qbitus may collect, keep, and use Personal Information obtained through the Sites to provide you with access to the Sites.  This information may be collected when you:
Create an account with Qbitus
Request a product demo or receive information about our products
Request customer or technical support
Apply for employment
Request to be contacted, i.e. through our website or at exhibitions
Receive our products or services
Basis for Using Personal Information
Compliance with legal requirements or obligations – Qbitus may disclose Personal Information as permitted or required by law when we believe in good faith it is necessary for safety purposes, required for legal reporting, necessary to protect our legal rights or enforce our Terms of Use or any applicable rules or to protect the rights of others.
For establishment or performance of a contract – The use of Personal Information may be necessary to perform the contract that you have with us. For example, when you work for us either as an employee or a service provider or apply for a job with us, your Personal Information will be necessary in connection with your contract of employment or services agreement.
Consent – Qbitus will rely on consent, which in some cases may be implied, to use technical information such as cookie data and geolocation data as described in this Statement.  Consent may be withdrawn at any time by contacting us through the mediums described within this Statement. We may obtain Personal Information through healthcare professionals or users of our products and services, in which case that healthcare professional or product/services user is responsible for the management of consent, where required.
Legitimate interests – Qbitus may use Personal Information for our legitimate interests to improve our products, services and website content and for administrative purposes.
Marketing
Qbitus market in a number of ways, including, but not limited to, email marketing campaigns. We may use your Personal Information to inform you of other products or services offered by Qbitus. We do not sell, rent, or lease our customers lists to third parties. In order to help provide our services, we occasionally provide information to other companies that work on our behalf.
Tracking Tools
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies.  How you do so depends on your browser and the type of cookie.  Certain browsers can be set to reject all browser cookies. If you configure your computer to block all cookies, you may disrupt certain web page features and limit the functionality we can provide when you visit or use our Sites. If you block or delete cookies, not all of the tracking that we have described in this Policy will stop. Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked.
How long we keep information
Qbitus will retain your Personal Information for as long as reasonably necessary for legitimate business purposes.
Security
The security and confidentiality of your personal information matters to us. For this reason, Qbitus has physical, technical and administrative controls in place to protect your Personal Information from unauthorised access, use and disclosure. Qbitus evaluates these safeguards on an ongoing basis to help minimise risks from new security threats as they become known. However, as is the case with all websites, Qbitus is not able to guarantee security for data collected through our Site.
Rights
You may contact us at any time to request access to, rectify, or erase your Personal Information. You also have a right to the objection to or restriction of processing, as well as the right to data portability, when applicable. If Qbitus has processed your Personal Information based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw it at any time.
To exercise your rights, please write to us at the contact information provided below. Please note that additional information will likely be requested from you in order to honour the request.
If you receive any marketing email from Qbitus, you may request to have your Personal Information removed using the unsubscribe link, or reply email address, provided within the content.
You can also register a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office via the following link: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Updates to Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement may be amended at any time. If material changes are made in how Personal Information is collected, used, disclosed, or otherwise processed, this Statement will be updated and notices will be prominently posted on the home page of our Site. Any material changes to this Privacy Statement will be effective at the time of our posting of the notice of the update.
The Statement was last updated on 31/05/2018.
Search for:
Search for: