http://www.jacksons-fencing.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Terms and conditions
Website and web orders from consumers
Site Owner & Operator
This site is owned and operated by H.S Jackson & Son (Fencing) Ltd ("we" or "us"). Registered (England and Wales) Company No. 910291, Registered office: Stowting Common, Ashford, Kent, TN25 6BN, Vat No:GB 201104842. Telephone. 01233 750 393
"Jacksons Fencing" and "Jacksons Fine Fencing" are both trading names of H S Jackson & Son (Fencing) Ltd
Accuracy of content
We have taken every care in the preparation of the content of this website, to ensure that prices quoted are correct at time of publishing and all products have been fairly described including, without limitation, terms and conditions concerning estimated delivery times and guarantees.  For these reasons, orders will only be accepted if there are no material errors in the description of the goods or their prices as advertised. All prices are displayed both inclusive and exclusive of VAT.
All weights and dimensions quoted are approximate only. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information contained in any of the content on this website. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of any of the information contained on this website. We cannot confirm the final price of goods until your order is accepted in accordance with our Contract.
Privacy
We will take all reasonable care within our control to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if an unauthorised third party accesses any data you provide when ordering from our website.
It is your responsibility to protect your password and account details from misuse. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of your failure to protect your password or account details.
Our Contract
A contract is created between you and us when:
You place the order for your goods on this website by clicking on the confirm order button at the end of the checkout process and complete your payment details.
We will then email you an order acknowledgement detailing the products you have ordered.
Before your goods are shipped we will contact you by email or a text to your mobile phone to confirm our target delivery date.
The completion of the contract between you and us will take place on despatch of the goods ordered to you unless we have notified you that we are unable to accept your order, or you decide to cancel it by contacting our Sales team on 0800 408 2234 any time between 8.30am and 5.00pm, Monday to Friday except Bank Holidays. Please have the order number and date of the order to hand.
The principal reasons that would lead to non-acceptance of an order will include:
The goods you ordered are unavailable from stock.
Authorisation for your payment was declined.
A pricing or description error of the goods through our mistake.
In every case we will make attempts to contact you using the information you have provided to remedy the situation.
Ordering Over Phone
Payment must be taken in full to process and secure your order.  Once payment is taken our contract continues from 2. above.
Contract cancellation and returns
Under the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013 law you have the legal right to cancel your order from the moment it is placed until 14 days from the day you received it.
If you wish to exercise your right to cancel this Contract after your order has already been despatched please follow the procedure set out below:
Should you wish to return anything bought from us, we will be happy to provide a refund or exchange provided it is in fully resaleable condition, within 28 days of delivery.
If we find that the product returned to us in damaged condition and unsuitable for resale, we reserve the right to refuse a refund on the item, or to deduct up to 50% of the original selling price from the refund amount.
You can arrange for your returns to be collected by contacting our Sales Team on 0800 408 2234 or by email to weborders@jacksons-fencing.co.uk, giving the order number, item number, stating the reason for the return and whether you want a refund or a replacement.  You can download an optional cancellation form to assist with this process please click here.
We will refund the price of the item to you or exchange the goods if they were delivered to you in error or in a damaged or faulty condition once it is received by us. A refund of the delivery charge will be given in the instance of incorrect, damaged or faulty goods.
Restrictions on returns
Your right to return goods exclude Special Order products which have been made to your specification unless found to be damaged or faulty on delivery to you. In these cases the goods will be replaced without charge.
Ordering errors
You are able to correct errors on your order up to the point at which you click on ‘place order’ on the final page of our ordering process.
Availability
All items are subject to availability. We will inform you as soon as possible if the goods you have ordered are not available by email or telephone.
We would be happy to provide you with a quotation for manufacturing a standard design to your size specifications. These Special Order items will subject to extended delivery times and attract additional cost.
Special Orders cannot be processed on this website and enquiries should be directed to our Sales Team by calling 01233 750393 or by using the General Enquiry Form on this website.
Deliveries & Charges
We aim to deliver your goods to you within 30 days of accepting your order. Delivery charges vary depending on the type of products ordered and the service you select and cannot be refunded unless the goods you ordered were delivered damaged or faulty.
How we deliver
We typically deliver goods using own fleet of vehicles ranging from 18 tonne rigid trucks to articulated trucks and trailers. Most of our vehicles incorporate a demountable forklift truck for unloading on suitable ground. Please note:
If access to your delivery address is restricted, please let us know when speaking to the delivery team.
Our drivers are instructed not to take their forklifts or vehicles off a hard road surface.
Our drivers will make every effort to deliver the goods as close as possible to the desired destination on your property using the demountable forklift truck. If that is not possible due to road surface or other conditions, our drivers are instructed to unload the goods beside, or close to, the vehicle on firm ground.
If you are concerned this leaves your goods in an insecure location, please inform our head office transport team as soon as reasonably possible on 01233 750393 to discuss an alternative delivery time, when you can ensure you have arranged for someone to help move your goods to a secure location.
How long after you place an order can you expect delivery?
We aim to deliver your goods to you within 30 days of accepting your order. Standard stocked items would normally be delivered the next time we are scheduled to deliver in your area. We will do our best to fit our delivery schedule around your requirements. If you have a specific deadline please talk to one of our Sales Team on 0800 408 2234.
Do you have to be in when we deliver?
Not necessarily, if you are happy for us to leave the goods. However, this will not apply in the case of Express or Overnight deliveries, as a signature will be required.
Please note that once the goods have been delivered to your premises, ownership and liabilities arising from ownership transfers from us to you.
Delivery Notifications
We will advise your approximate delivery date/time by SMS Text, Email or Telephone; this is usually on the afternoon prior to our vehicle setting-off on a 2 day delivery schedule. We aim to cover most areas of mainland UK most weeks, but do not have set days for any given area. If after a delivery notification you are unable to receive a delivery, please inform our head office transport team as soon as reasonably possible on 01233 750393 to discuss alternative arrangements. Please note that we cannot receive replies to notifications sent by SMS Text as this is an automated system, but we can receive replies to email. Please reply to the email or send to deliveries@jacksons-fencing.co.uk
Delivery Charge per drop
For delivery charges, please click here.
Web orders/quotations out of normal delivery area
Please note that for Customers outside of the UK our web prices do not apply and are to be used for guidance only. Customers in the Channel Islands should contact our Jersey and Guernsey distributors directly, please see the Where to buy link on our home page. Customers in other countries should contact us regarding special delivery charges.
Export Enquiries
For Export enquiries please contact us directly export@jacksons-fencing.co.uk or
Tel +44 (0) 1233 750393 or Fax +44 (0) 1233 750403
French Export Enquiries
For French enquiries please contact the French team directly on france@jacksons-fencing.co.uk or Tel +44 (0) 1233 750393 or Fax +44 (0) 1233 750403
Intellectual property and right to use
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content contained on this website including pictures, designs, logos, photographs, written text and other materials are the copyright, trademark or registered trademark of H.S. Jackson & Son (Fencing) Ltd and shall remain vested in us at all times.
You are permitted to use this material only for your own purposes in evaluating the suitability of our goods for your purpose and may not be reproduced in full or part for any other purpose.
Any other use of the material and content of this website is strictly prohibited. Our goods and specifications are registered designs and may not be copied in any form.
We have provided additional information on some items as downloadable electronic documents and technical drawings, the copyright to this information in all forms remains vested in us at all times.
You may not modify, distribute or re-post anything on this website for any purpose other than that mentioned in this section.
Other websites
Jacksons Fencing have no authority over invalid content, coupons or voucher codes that are displaying on independent websites external to www.jacksons-fencing.co.uk
We do our best to try and monitor/remove the codes or content that appears on other websites, but ultimately this information is out of our control and not linked to Jacksons Fencing in any
Damage to your computer
While we make every reasonable effort to ensure that this website is free from viruses or defects, we cannot guarantee that your use of it or any websites accessible through it will not cause damage to your computer. It is your responsibility to ensure that your computer and its peripheral equipment are protected from electronic viruses or bugs. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may arise to computer equipment as a result of using this website.
Compliance with laws
The website may only be used only for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations regarding this website and any transactions conducted on or through it.
Limitation of liability
We value your custom and take our obligation to your very seriously. If we should fail in meeting our obligation you, we will do everything possible to put things right or to meet a valid and reasonable claim. However we cannot be held responsible or liable for failures arising from events beyond our control and as that you are reasonable in your demands and expectations of us. This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer, nor does it affect your right to cancel your Contract.
Nothing in these Terms & Conditions shall exclude our liability for death or personal injury due to our negligence or for fraudulent misrepresentation.
We will not be liable, in any way for losses or damages arising from the use of this website or from the misuse of goods purchased from this website.
If any part of these Terms & Conditions is deemed to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision or part of a provision, as applicable, will be able to be removed from these Terms & Conditions without affecting the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of these Terms & Conditions.
No waiver by us of any term or provision should be considered as a waiver of any other term or provision within these Terms & Conditions.
For details on your rights as a consumer please contact the Consumer Direct service operated by the Office of Fair Trading on 08454 040506 or log on to www.consumerdirect.gov.uk.
Entire agreement
These Terms & Conditions set out our relationship with you. Any changes to these Terms & Conditions must be in writing and signed by both parties.
You confirm that, in agreeing to accept these Terms & Conditions, you have not relied on any representation other than those made in these Terms & Conditions and you agree that you shall have no remedy in respect of any such representation.
Your Statutory Rights are not affected by these terms and conditions. Nothing in this Clause shall limit or exclude our liability to you in respect of any fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation whether or not these have become incorporated in these Terms & Conditions.
Law
These Terms & Conditions shall be governed by the laws of England & Wales.
Top
Added to your basket
Quantity: 0