http://www.demarsassociates.com/privacy-policy
Home
Services
CAP-Home
CAP-Motors
CAP-RV
DRP-RV
DRX
Customized Services
Class Action Settlements
About Us
Clients
History
Leadership
Publications
Other Resources
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy statementsYour privacy is very important to us. Therefore this statement describes how we handle information we learn about you from your visit to www.demarsassociates.com.Information Collection & UseDeMars & Associates, Ltd. (DMA) is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others. We do collect and store: the name of the domain and host from which you access the internet (for example, aol.com); the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.We use this information to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful.CookiesWe do not use cookies on our site. (A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies, in general, enable webmasters to track and target the interests of users while on the site).LinksOur website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.Newsletters & Research MaterialDMA, from time to time, may have a newsletter or specific research material available for visitors to download. If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter or view such material, we will ask for contact information such as name, email address, city, state, and zip code.Notification of ChangesDMA can change its policies at any time regarding its website; however, the changes will be posted in this statement ten days prior to taking effect.Should you have questions regarding our privacy statement or about DeMars & Associates please contact us.The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only.  For further information, click on the following link, Disclaimer.