http://www.cea-air.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Custom Energized Air Ltd.
Custom Energized Air Ltd.
Drawing from the Best, To Give You the Best
Contact Us
Search
Primary menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
About Us
Company History
Employee Profiles
How We Work
News and Events
Newsletter Signup
Blog
Careers
Products
Instrument Air
Motion & Control
Parker Products
Pneumatic Valves
Solenoid Valves
Pneumatic Directional Control Valves
Pneumatic Manual Valves
Cylinders & Actuators
Pneumatic Cylinders
Hydraulic Cylinders
Electric Cylinders
Accessories
Hose & Tubing
Fittings
Quick Couplers
Rotork-Midland
Vacuum
Sitecna Products
Automation
Valve Actuation
T-Slot Aluminum Framing
Air Treatment
Air Compressors
Industrial Oil-Free Packages
PAP Plus Engineered Oil-Free Compressor
CT Series Reciprocating
CA Series Reciprocating
ML Series Reciprocating
Nx Series Rotary Screw
SE Series Rotary Screw
RS Series Rotary Screw
AF Series Variable Speed
GS Series Variable Speed
ZW Series Oil Free
Oilless, Vacuum, Climate Control
Used Equipment
Cold Weather Products
Accessories
Cold Weather
Extreme Cold
Safety Equipment
Valves and Accessories
Air Preparation
Services
Air Compressor Service
Advanced Pipe Systems
Pneumatic Service
Design & Automation
Air Audits
Equipment Rental
Case Studies
Image Gallery
FAQ’s
Resources
About the Industry
White Papers
Safety Standards Highlights
Benefits of Centrifugal Compressors
What you need to know about Safety Exhaust Valves
Selecting Safety Exhaust Valves
Safe Stopping Distance with Safety Exhaust Valves
Product Support Documents
Manuals
Drawings and Diagrams
Other Specifications
Product Reviews
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Links and Other Resources
Vendor Links
Contact Us
Find a Rep
Browse:HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.cea-air.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
We do not share your data with any other company, organization, or individual.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Quick ContactEdmonton, Alberta
Telephone: +1 780-465-2247
Fax: +1 780-466-4937
Email: info@cea-air.com
Red Deer, Alberta
Telephone: +1 403-348-5567
Fax: +1 403-348-8765
Calgary, Alberta
Telephone: +1 403-215-5085
Fax: +1 780-466-4937
Quick LinksContact Us
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Terms and Conditions
Latest Blog Posts
CEA is proud to represent Sitecna in Canada
CEA awarded the Domnick Hunter line from Parker Hannifin
CEA is the Canadian Representative for BiFold Group
FS-Elliott Unveils New Polaris+ Line of Centrifugal Air Compressors
CEA Top FS-Elliott Distributor
Past Blog Posts
July 2019
July 2017
May 2015
September 2014
May 2014
April 2014
February 2014
Newsletter Signup
Email:
Facebook
Copyright © 2020
Custom Energized Air Ltd.
. All Rights Reserved.
Powered by: Idextrus