https://www.ericsalmon.com/legal-terms/
Home > Legal terms
Legal terms
Company Name : Eric Salmon & Partners SAS
Head Office : 8 rue Lamennais
Legal Form : SAS
SIREN Number (Business identification number): RCS Paris B 380 375 634
Responsible : Raoul Nacke, President
In accordance with France’s Digital Economy Law n°2004-575 of June 21st 2004 to support confidence in the digital economy, we inform you that the website « https://www.ericsalmon.com » is the property of Eric Salmon & Partners SAS.
The website https://www.ericsalmon.com is subject to French law; visitors accessing the Site from outside France must comply with locally applicable laws.
The legal terms of use may be modified at any time without prior notice. We therefore ask you to consult them regularly.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Eric Salmon & Partners SAS holds, reserves and retains all ownership rights, in particular intellectual property rights, including reproduction rights regarding this site and the elements it contains. Therefore, any partial or total reproduction of this site and its content is strictly prohibited without written authorization of Eric Salmon & Partners SAS.
Logos and all other distinctive contents on this site are the property of Eric Salmon & Partners SAS or have been authorized for use. No rights or licences may be granted in respect thereof without the written authorization of Eric Salmon & Partners SAS or of the third party owing those rights.
Disclaimer of guarantee or liability
The users of the website « https://www.ericsalmon.com » acknowledge having read these terms of use and agree to abide by them.
Eric Salmon & Partners SAS shall not be liable for any direct or indirect damage resulting from accessing or using this site and/or its content including inaccessibility, loss of data, damage, destruction and viruses which could affect the user’s computer equipment, and/or for the presence of virus on the website.
Eric Salmon & Partners SAS uses all reasonable care and skill to provide reliable content on this Site, but gives no warranty that the content is free from inaccuracies or omissions and cannot accept liability for any errors or omissions or for the unavailability of information or services.
Eric Salmon & Partners SAS reserves the right to improve and/or change the content of its site at any time and without notice. Accordingly, users acknowledge that they use such information at their own risk.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This site may include links to other websites or Internet sources. Insofar as Eric Salmon & Partners SAS cannot control these external sites and sources, it is not responsible for enabling users to access these external sites and sources and shall not be liable for the content, advertising, products, services or any other material available on or from these external sites and sources. These links are offered as a service to https://www.ericsalmon.com users. The decision to activate the links resides solely with the site users.
We would like to remind you that non-affiliated websites are subject to their own terms and conditions of use.
Site map
Legal terms
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
Credits
Our website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are giving consent to cookies being used. Data laws have been changed by May 25, 2018. We have updated our Policies. To find out more about our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy click on these buttons
PRIVACY POLICYCOOKIE POLICYCLOSEPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.