http://www.aspectcapital.com/privacy-policy/
About
Contact
Dashboard
Login
Submit
Forgotten your password? or sign up
Approach
Solutions
Insight
Responsibility
Team
Careers
Logout
Aspect Capital Limited (“Aspect”) is committed to preserving the privacy of all its clients, as well as visitors to this website (the “Website”).  This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”), together with the terms of use of this Website, as set out here (the “Terms of Use”), sets out the basis upon which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please review this Privacy Policy each time you use this Website to understand how we use and protect the information you provide to us.
This Privacy Policy may be amended by us at any time, so please check it periodically to keep informed of any changes.
1. Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data from you:
(i) information that you provide by filling in forms on this Website, including information provided at the time of registering to use this Website and information provided in order to report a problem with this Website;
(ii) if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence; and
(iii) details of your visits to this Website and the resources that you access.
2. Use of your information
2.1 We may use data held about you in the following ways:
(i) to support your interaction with us, including to ensure that the content of this Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer; to provide you with information or products you may have requested through this Website; to notify you about changes to this Website; and to ensure the ongoing accuracy and relevance of such data;
(ii) for general internal research purposes, including to identify and analyse the regularity of the use of this Website and the nature of this Website users; and
(iii) to design products and services for your use.
2.2 We may also use data held about you for marketing purposes, such as to get in contact with you and/or to provide you with information about products and services which may be of interest to you, either by post or telephone.  We may also contact you for these marketing purposes by electronic means given that you have previously consented to this when registering for this Website and providing your personal data.
2.3 You may withdraw your consent to the receipt of marketing materials via electronic means at any time free of charge by sending an email to Aspect or by following any alternative procedure specified in any future electronic communication.
2.4 Aspect may disclose or transfer information about you to any member of its group of companies (which may be located outside of the European Economic Area).  However, Aspect will not disclose or transfer any non-public personal information about you to third parties outside of the Aspect group other than as necessary in connection with any products or services you have requested, in connection with the possible reorganisation or transfer of all or part of Aspect's business or as permitted or required by law.
3. Cookies
3.1 Cookies are small text files that a website transfers to your hard drive or browser to help you move faster through that particular website, or for tracking your website usage.  Cookies make it easier for you to log on to and use the site during future visits.  They also help us to improve this Website and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
(i) to monitor Website traffic to estimate usage numbers and patterns.
(ii) to store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise this Website according to your individual interests;
(iii) to speed up your searches; and
(iv) to recognise you when you return to this Website.
4. Security and Data Retention
4.1 Aspect maintains physical, electronic and procedural controls in keeping with applicable laws to safeguard any non-public personal information about you.  Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Therefore, although we have implemented security controls, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk.
4.2 We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
5. Access to Information
5.1 You have the right to access information held about you and may submit a request to Aspect in this regard to info@aspectcapital.com.
5.2 Please note that Aspect may charge a reasonable fee to meet its costs in providing you with this information.
6. Acceptance of Privacy Policy and Contact
6.1 By logging into the Aspect website you confirm that you consent to the use of information relating to you (including but not limited to, the provisions concerning marketing via electronic means) and to the general terms of Aspect's Privacy Policy (including but not limited to, the use of cookies), all as set out above.
6.2 If you have any questions or need further information about the Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@aspectcapital.com.
Latest News & Insight
Trends of The Unexpected
Read more
The ESG "Horseshoe" - Value Judgements and Fiduciary Duties
Read more
Institutional Investor Webinar: What Next for the 60/40 Portfolio?
2020
Read more
Our website uses cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to
our use of cookies in accordance with our privacy policy.
Ok