http://www.bonadio.com/privacy-policy
A commitment to employees, clients and community: The Bonadio Group’s response to COVID-19. View Here
Privacy Policy
The Bonadio Group is committed to ensuring your privacy is protected. If you have questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at 585-381-1000.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
All email newsletters contain instructions to unsubscribe from the mailing list. We will never sell or share your personal information to any persons or organizations except when required by law for the investigation of illegal or criminal activities, the exercise of legal rights or in defense against any legal claims, or otherwise.
How We Ensure the Security of Your Information
The Bonadio Group is committed to ensuring that your identifiable and non-identifiable personal information is secure. We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to prevent unauthorized access, modification, disclosure, or loss of your identifiable personal information. However, we cannot assure your identifiable and non-identifiable personal information will never be disclosed in a nature that conflicts with this Privacy Policy. Additionally, we are not responsible for any breach of security or actions undertaken by any third parties that receive the information.
Cookies - How We Use Them
A cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a Web server that is than stored on your computer. A cookie cannot give access to your computer or any information stored on your computer. We use cookies to allow the Site to respond to you as an individual by gathering and remembering information about your preferences so when you next visit the Site, your preferences are already set. Cookies are also used to personalize the content you view on the Site (such as your Update Feed). You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
To view more information regarding cookie settings please visit:
For Microsoft Internet Explorer: Click HereFor Google Chrome: Click HereFor Mozilla Firefox: Click HereFor Apple Safari: Click HereOnline Advertising We Use
We use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise Bonadio across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the Bonadio website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER The cookie is used to say "This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page." Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.
How to Opt Out of Remarketing and Advertising If you do not wish to participate in our Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager You can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting networkadvertising.org
How We Store Data
We utilize external vendors and hosting companies to provide the software, hardware, storage, networking and other necessary technology required to provide the service.
Controlling Your Personal Information
We make every effort to give you access to your personal information, to allow you to correct any inaccuracies, or to remove your personal information at your request provided it is not required for genuine business purposes or by law to be retained. We require you identify yourself and the information you request to access, remove, modify or correct before commencing such requests. We may refuse requests that are of unreasonable technical effort or would be highly unfeasible, endanger the privacy of others, or require access that is not normally necessary. When we provide access to your personal information for the purposes of modification, correction or removal, we do so free of charge except where doing so requires an unreasonable effort.
Updates and Changes to this Privacy Policy Occasionally, we may change this Privacy Policy. Should we do so, we will post a notification on the Site. Changes will take effect from the date they are posted.