http://www.amsher.com/privacy-policy
About Us
History
Leadership Team
Compassionate Culture
Compliance / Quality
Technology / Data Security
Locations
Solutions / Services
Testimonials
News / Resources
Careers
Contact Us
State Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Notice sets forth the information gathering, use, and dissemination practices of AmSher in connection with our website located at www.AmSher.com (its "website"). This Privacy Notice addresses AmSher's practices regarding information collected only directly through or from its website.  It does not address or govern any information gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected other than directly through or from its website, including, without limitation, from telephone, facsimile, mail, or other means.You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of our Site Terms of Use, and by accessing or using our site, you agree to be bound by all of its terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Policy.All names, AmSher logos and trademarks that appear on the Sites are the property of AmSher Collection Services, Inc. (“AmSher”) or are used by AmSher under license. You may not use any of the foregoing for any purpose without the prior express written consent of AmSher. Your failure to comply with this policy will violate AmSher's copyright, trademark and other proprietary and intellectual property rights. All other product and company names mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners.How We Gather InformationAmSher collects, uses, and stores information on the domain you use to access its website, the internet address of the site from which you linked directly to its website, and the date and time of your visit to its website.  This information may be used to measure the number of visitors to the various pages on the site, to help make improvements to the information contained on the site, and to better serve site visitors.  AmSher also collects, uses, and stores the email addresses of users that communicate with AmSher via email, information knowingly provided by website users, and information regarding which website pages users have clicked on.Personal information contained in email sent by individuals may be used by AmSher to answer questions, follow up on recommendations or complaints, process requests or transactions, or improve the level of service AmSher provides.Information SharingAmSher may share personally identifiable information (PII) obtained on its website with anyone internal to AmSher, its clients, or affiliates.  Except as provided below, AmSher does not share any personally identifiable information obtained on its website with or sell such information to any company or marketing group external to AmSher and its affiliates.  AmSher may, however, share aggregate information with other persons or entities for purposes determined by AmSher to be appropriate.AmSher may disclose identifiable information (1) to another entity with which AmSher enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase, (2) to a third party pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process or in response to a request from any local, state, federal, or other government agency, department, or body, or in connection with litigation brought against, or on behalf of, AmSher, where appropriate, or (3) to a third party if determined by AmSher in its sole discretion that such disclosure is appropriate to protect the life, health, or property of AmSher or any other person or entity. (The foregoing is not intended to obviate or displace any legal obligations or duties applicable to AmSher.)While AmSher may undertake efforts to see that another party to which AmSher shares personal information is under a contractual obligation to use the personal information solely for the purposes for which the information was disclosed by AmSher, AmSher exercises no control over such parties and AmSher is not responsible for their conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices.Except as necessary for AmSher to provide the services, information, or products requested by a website user, or except for the disclosures identified in the preceding paragraph, the user may opt out of having personally identifiable information, which has been voluntarily provided to AmSher through its website, prospectively retained by AmSher, used by AmSher for secondary purposes, or disclosed by AmSher to third parties, by contacting AmSher by mail at the following address:AmSher Collection Services, Inc.4524 Southlake Parkway, Suite 15Hoover, Alabama, 35244Email sent through this website may not be secure against interception by unauthorized individuals. To protect against interception by unauthorized individuals, we may be unable to respond to email requests concerning accounts placed for collection unless you have requested or authorized us to do so.  If you are communicating with AmSher regarding a debt that has been placed for collection, all correspondence regarding that account should be sent by mail to the address identified above.  Be sure to include your name, your mailing address, the AmSher account number, creditor name, and the creditor account number so we may process your inquiry and respond promptly.  Without complete information, we may be unable to respond to your request.How We Use CookiesA cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive.  Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic and lets you know when you visit a particular site.  Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.  The web application can tailor its operations to your likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.AmSher uses traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used.  This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.  We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.  A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.  You can choose to accept or decline cookies.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer.  This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to Other WebsitesOur website contains links to other websites of interest.  We do not have any control over other websites.  Therefore, AmSher cannot be responsible for the protection or privacy of any information you provide while visiting such sites and such sites.  Such other websites are not governed by this privacy notice.  You should exercise caution and look at the privacy notice applicable to the website in question.Electronic SafeguardsAmSher has implemented physical, electronic, and procedural security safeguards to protect against the unauthorized release personal information.  Additionally, to further safeguard this information, our employees are asked to agree to AmSher's Privacy Policy and confidentiality agreements, and are subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment if they fail to honor the terms of those policies and agreements.Privacy Notice ChangesAmSher may change this Privacy Notice at any time. Notice of any new or revised Privacy Notice, as well as the location of the new or revised notice, will be posted on the website after the change.  It is the obligation of users visiting the website before the change to learn of changes to the Privacy Notice since their last visit.Last Updated on 2017-09-21
QUICK LINKS About UsSolutions / ServicesTestimonialsNews / ResourcesCareersContact
CONTACT 205.322.4110  |  844.227.46274524 Southlake Parkway, Suite 15, Birmingham, AL 35244
© 2020 AmSher. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  This is an attempt to collect a debt. Any information obtained will be used for that purpose. This communication is from a debt collector.
Share by: