https://www.halesdouglass.com.au/privacy-limited-liability-disclaimer/
Skip to contentPrivacy, limited liability & disclaimerHome/Privacy, limited liability & disclaimer
Privacy, limited liability & disclaimerhales douglass2018-11-08T12:45:06+11:00Your privacy is important to us Hales Douglass has created this Privacy Policy and Disclosure Statement (together referred to as ‘this Privacy Policy’) in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy.Hales Douglass is bound by the National Privacy Principles.Hales Douglass reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If it is changed, the changes will be posted on Hales Douglass’s website so that you are always aware of the sort of information collected, how the information may be used, and under what circumstances it may be disclosed by Hales Douglass.If at any time Hales Douglass is required by law to release information about you or your organisation, Hales Douglass must cooperate fully. What sort of information does Hales Douglass collect? Hales Douglass collects personal information about you (‘the Information’) in the following ways:Other personal information may be collected from telephone calls, faxes, e-mails, letters and other contacts of Hales Douglass and from subscription forms.When you register for our eNews online, request certain services or products, or otherwise contact or do business with Hales Douglass. How is your information used by Hales Douglass? Hales Douglass collects the Information to provide you with a specific service. For example, we may use the Information you provide us to:If at any time you receive material that you do not wish to receive, please see “Correcting and Updating Your Profile” below.Communicate with you on any issues relevant with Hales Douglass.Send you information on relevant industry news, helpful information and events.Update your details and profile information or fulfil a request for information. Who does Hales Douglass disclose personal information to? Hales Douglass will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise supply to third parties any personal information obtained from you without your consent.Hales Douglass will provide only such information as is required to suppliers and business partners to enable a particular service to be fulfilled.Hales Douglass develops aggregate (i.e. not individual) reports, which incorporate some of the Information. The reports are for use by our business partners or by Hales Douglass to review statistics or analyse trends. However, these reports do not include any personally identifiable information. How will Hales Douglass keep your personal information secure? Hales Douglass has security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse and/or alteration of the Information under its control. These security measures include:Security bins for the disposal of written informationThe use of passwords for access to database information and the use of security levels within the database to ensure that staff only access the information required to perform their duties.Appropriate security access to our premises.Clauses in employee agreements requiring confidentiality and training on the importance of the Privacy Legislation.Firewalls – to prevent the hacking of our database. Correcting and updating your profile Hales Douglass gives you the following options for accessing and modifying Information previously provided:You can change or update personal information online or you can also advise of changes via telephone, fax, email or letter.You may gain access to Information that Hales Douglass has collected about you, by contacting the person named below. We will not charge you for responding to such a request. Google AnalyticsUsers can opt out by utilising Google’s Opt-Out Browser Add On (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/)We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimise, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to our website; andThird-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads on sites across the Internet;We may use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online;We have implemented and use Display Advertising; Contacting Hales DouglassIf you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy, you should contact:Hales Douglass & Associates Pty Ltd
PO Box 385
Ulladulla NSW 2539
(02) 4455 5333
Email hd@halesdouglass.com.auDisclaimerOur liability is limited by the Accountants Scheme, approved under the Professional Standards Act 1994 (NSW). When preparing this site we made all efforts to ensure we’ve provided current and correct information. However, the information contained in this website is intended for information only and is not a substitute for professional advice. If you have a particular issue you’d like assistance with, please do not hesitate to contact us.High Definition Private Policy