http://www.duracard.com/helpcenter/resources
topSkip to main article content
About Us
Resources
HELP CENTER
Contact Us
FAQ
Why Choose Duracard
Our Company
Customer Testimonials
What Our Cards Are Made Of
3 Questions To Ask Your Card Printer
About Magnetic Stripes
About Barcodes
About Writable Surfaces
Glossary
Resources
COVID-19 Assistance for Small Businesses
Guide to the CARES Act
The Small Business Administration (SBA) and the Department of Treasury have begun releasing the information that will guide the programs created through the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act.
Small Business Guidance & Loan Resources During COVID-19
Links and information for assistance as well as guidance for small businesses through this unprecedented time.
COVID-19 Financial Assistance Programs for Small Businesses By State
Local state and county governments are offering assistance for small businesses as well. Zenefits has created a helpful and regularly updated list of financial assistance programs for small businesses hurt by the outbreak of COVID-19 sorted by state and county.
Guide on the Essential Critical Infrastructure Workforce
A guide from the Department of Homeland Security of the industries and job functions that could be considered essential. This is a broad list, local governments may have a separate list of essential jobs and businesses during this time.
Getting Started with Gift Cards
Getting Started Guide
Use our step-by-step guide to help you order your gift cards and find helpful information!
Design Templates & Helpful Downloads
Duracard® has developed templates for all our products that makes it easy to create print-ready files in your favorite graphic design software program
Hospitality and Retail Help
National Retail Federation
The world’s largest retail trade association. Assisting retailers with sales forecasts and seasonal guides and the world's largest retail conference and expo.
Gravity Payments
Point of sale solution that is willing to work with third party card printers, so you get quality and affordability.
Small Business Saturday®
Resources for small businesses year round to help with marketing and sales, from American Express. Take part in Small Business Saturday the Saturday after Thanksgiving.
Plastic Card Printing
Zebra Card Printers
Offers card printers to print and encode PVC plastic cards for a variety of applications.
Business Card and Specialty Printing
Custom Printing Companies and Services
ThePrintGuide.com - Your source for custom printing. Includes information, articles, and frequently asked questions.
Brochure Printing from Brochure Design Studios
Specialized in the design of product & services literature for B2B and industrial firms of all sizes.
Castle Print UK
Business card printing in the UK plus all commercial stationery printing including colour brochures and flyers.
Graphic Design
Duracard Templates & Downloads
Easy-to-use downloadable templates and design quidelines for credit card size cards, business cards, key tags, and more.
Ars Logo Design
Affordable, professional logo design services. Get a customized logo for your business.
Creative Design Agency
Creative design agency - BIG Design is a creative agency specializing in marketing materials for retail sales. We provide professional, experienced design at the speed of business.
Other Related Resources
Gift Card Laws By State
An interactive guide to state gift card laws so that businesses and consumers may be better informed.
Print Directory
IDAutomation.com
Provides bar code and automation products including Barcode Fonts, ActiveX Controls, DLLs, .NET Controls, ASP Components, Java applets, servlets & libraries, encoders and barcode hardware such as bar code scanners and printers.
We are always happy to feature relevant sites of interest for our visitors. Please contact our Webmaster to submit your site: webmaster@duracard.com