http://www.pbcu.com/help
Skip to main content
Username
Password
Holiday Hours: All Point Breeze offices will close at Noon on Christmas Eve and will be closed on Christmas Day. Online Banking, Mobile Banking and AUDRE (Phone Teller) will be available for your banking convenience. Click here to view a full list of holidays.
HELP
To make your banking experience an easy one, we've compliled a list of frequently asked questions with the answers you are looking for. Don't see your question below? No problem. We're here to help!
Contact Us
SERVICE FAQs
1 What is my Routing Number?
Point Breeze Credit Union's nine-digit Routing Number is 252076565. This number is also sometimes referred to as an ABA or Transit Number.
2 What is my checking account number?
Your checking account number (sometimes referred to as your SDC or ACH Number) is located at the bottom of your checks. It's usually the second set of numbers after Point Breeze Credit Union's nine-digit routing number. You can also find your checking account number by logging into Online Banking and looking under 'Account Details' on your checking account history page.
3 What are your hours of operation?
Hours of operation for all Point Breeze Credit Union offices and our Member Service Center are:
Monday - Thursday: 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Friday: 9:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m.
Saturday: 9:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
4 Who do I notify if I am traveling out of the area and want to use my debit or credit card(s)?
Prior to your departure date, contact our service center at 888.233.7228, option 4. Please be prepared to provide your departing and return dates, as well as your travel destinations.
5 How can I change my address?
You may authorize a change of address using any ONE of the following methods:
Login to Online Banking and click on the My Profile link to edit your contact information. (This is the recommended method.)
Complete and return the Change of Address form. Be sure to read and follow the instructions for completing the form, including identification requirements.
Stop by any Point Breeze Credit Union office to complete your request.
6 What do I need to do to change my name?
To change the name on your account(s), simply visit any Point Breeze Credit Union office with the following:
Unexpired government-issued photo I.D., such as a driver's license or state-issued I.D. card, with your new name
Court order, marriage license or divorce decree
7 What do I need to bring to my mortgage appointment?
To assure timely processing of your loan application, please be sure that you have this information with you at the time of your appointment:
Paystubs for the last 30 days, W-2 forms for the past two years and full federal tax returns for the past two years, including all schedules (if you are self-employed or you own more than 25% of a business, copies of business tax returns for the past two years, including all schedules, a year-to-date profit and loss statement and balance sheet)
Documentation of other earned income (i.e., Social Security, pension, etc.)
Names, addresses and account numbers of all other financial institutions
Balances and monthly payments for all liabilities
Ratified contract of sale and listing, if applicable
Title insurance policy
$350.00 application fee
Additional information required for Home Refinances:
Property deed
Current homeowner’s/flood insurance policy(s)
Current real estate tax bill
Year-end statement from current mortgage holder(s)
Please contact us at 888.233.7228 if you have questions or need additional information or clarification.
8 Who do I notify when a loved one passes away?
We offer our sincere condolences and want to help make this troubling time as easy as it can be for you and your loved ones. Simply contact our service center at 888.233.7228 or visit any Point Breeze Credit Union office. It helps if you are prepared with the following:
Date of death
Your relationship to the deceased
Original death certificate and/or letters of administration
9 Do you offer Trust and/or Estate accounts?
Yes. Estate accounts can be opened when only one personal representative is assigned. The personal representative and/or the deceased must be a Point Breeze Credit Union member. When opening an Estate account, please come prepared with the following:
Original death certificate and/or letters of administration issued from the Register of Wills of the county in which the deceased passed away
EIN/IRS Estate number,
Photo identification for the personal representative
10 How do I change my PIN to my credit or debit card?
To create or change your Personal Identification Number (PIN) for your Point Breeze debit or credit card, simply call 800.992.3808 or stop by any Point Breeze Credit Union office.
11 How do I order more checks?
You can easily reorder checks online, by calling us at 888.233.7228, option 4, or by visiting any Point Breeze Credit Union office. When ordering online, you will be asked to enter our Routing Number, your checking account number and your Zip Code to login and begin your order. Below are a couple of notes to help the process go smoothly for you:
Point Breeze Credit Union's Routing Number is 252076565.
Your checking account number (sometimes referred to as your SDC or ACH Number) is located at the bottom of your checks. It's usually the second set of numbers after Point Breeze Credit Union's nine-digit routing number. You can also find your checking account number by logging into Online Banking and looking under 'Account Details' on your checking account history page.
The online ordering system requires a nine-digit account number. If your checking account number is less than nine digits, simply add a leading zero(s) to your account number.
12 How can I get more Home Equity Line of Credit checks?
You can request line of credit checks by calling us at 888.233.7228, option 4, sending an email to mail@pbcu.com or visiting any Point Breeze Credit Union office.
13 What do I need to provide to complete a Domestic Wire Transfer?
You can request a Domestic Wire Transfer in person at any Point Breeze Credit Union office. Wire transfer requests are only taken by phone after an original signed and notarized Money Transfer Agreement has been submitted and accepted by the credit union with a valid security code of your choosing.
You are responsible for providing wire transfer instructions for the recipient institution. At a minimum, these instructions should include:
Bank Name
Bank Telephone Number
Bank ABA/Routing Number
Bank Address (full address including Street, City, State and Zip)
Beneficiary Name (person who will receive the funds)
Beneficiary Account Number (account to be credited)
Beneficiary Address (full address including Street, City, State and Zip)
You may also be asked to provide photo identification as well as your current street address and daytime phone number.
If completing a wire transfer in one of our offices, please allow time to complete the wire. If you can obtain the wire instruction form from the recipient of the funds, this will help to expedite the process.
14 When will my Domestic Wire Transfer be processed?
In most cases, Domestic Wire Transfer requests are processed the same business day. Requests received after 2:45 p.m. ET will be processed the next business day.
15 Can I send an International Wire Transfer?
Point Breeze Credit Union does not process outgoing International Wire Transfers. You can receive International Wire Transfers to your Point Breeze account, and you can send or receive Domestic Wire Transfers, in accordance with our Wire Transfer Agreement.
EXTENDED OVERDRAFT SERVICE FAQs
1 What do I need to know about overdrafts and overdraft fees?
An overdraft occurs when you do not have enough money in your account to cover a transaction, but we pay it anyway.  We can cover your overdrafts in two different ways:
We have standard overdraft services that come with your account.
We also offer overdraft protection plans, such as a link to a savings account, credit card account, or overdraft line of credit, which may be less expensive than our standard overdraft practices.  Ask us to learn more about these plans. This section explains our standard overdraft services.
2 What are the standard overdraft services that come with my account?
We do authorize and pay overdrafts for the following types of transactions:
Checks and other transactions made using your checking account number
Automatic bill payments
We do not authorize and pay overdrafts for the following types of transactions, unless you ask us to (see below):
ATM transactions
Everyday Check/Debit Card transactions
We pay overdrafts at our discretion, which means we do not guarantee that we will always authorize and pay any type of transaction.  If we do not authorize and pay an overdraft, your transaction will be declined.
3 What fees will I be charged if Point Breeze pays overdrafts on my ATM and everyday Check/Debit Card transactions?
Under our standard overdraft practices:
We will charge you a fee each time we pay an overdraft. Please refer to the Rate & Fee Schedule.
There is no limit on the total fees we can charge you for overdrawing your account.
4 What if I want Point Breeze to authorize and pay overdrafts on my ATM and everyday Check/Debit Card transactions?
If you want us to authorize and pay overdrafts on ATM and everyday Check/Debit Card transactions, complete the Opt-In form and present it at one of our office locations, or mail it to:
Point Breeze Credit Union
Attention: Reg E
2 Philadelphia Court
Baltimore, MD 21237
5 Can I change my mind?
Yes.  You can change this decision at any time.  Simply call us at 410.584.7228 or stop by one of our offices to revoke your request that we authorize and pay overdrafts on ATM and everyday Check/Debit Card transactions.
6 What is the Extended Overdraft Service Opt-In form I received by mail?
Your Point Breeze checking account comes with the peace of mind that we will make every effort to pay your overdraft. This Opt-In form is requesting your authorization to pay your everyday (one-time) Check/Debit Card transactions and ATM transactions if you do not have sufficient funds in your account.
Examples of these transactions include:
Grocery store purchases
Restaurant purchases
Gas stations purchases
Doctor’s office transactions
Pharmacy purchases
7 If I Opt-In, can I Opt-Out at a later time?
Of course! Simply complete and return the Extended Overdraft Service Opt-In/Out form, stop by one of our offices to request the form, or call us at 410.584.7228.
8 Can I Opt-In at a later date?
Yes. Simply complete and return the Extended Overdraft Service Opt-In/Out form, stop by one of our offices to request the form, or call us at 410.584.7228.
9 What if I don’t Opt-In?
You run the risk of transactions being denied at the ATM or merchant if you do not have sufficient funds in your account. However, even if you Opt-In there is no guarantee that the transaction will be approved if there are no funds in the account.
10 Is there a service charge?
There are no fees if you never use this protection. However, if you are overdrawn, the regular overdraft fee may be assessed to your account. Please refer to the Rate & Fee Schedule.
11 How will I know that you have received my authorization form?
We will indicate on your completed Opt-In authorization form that it was received and return it to you, after making a copy for our records.
MOBILE DEPOSIT FAQs
1 What is Mobile Deposit?
Mobile Deposit lets you deposit checks into your Point Breeze accounts anywhere, anytime using your mobile device.  Just snap a photo of the front and back of your endorsed check. It’s that easy!
2 What mobile devices are supported?
Apple iPhones and iPads on Safari 6.0 or higher and most Android phones and tablets are supported.
3 Is Mobile Deposit safe?
Yes. Mobile Deposit requires you to login to the Point Breeze Credit Union Mobile App with your username and password, or Touch ID/Face ID for iPhone users. It is protected with 128-bit encryption and firewalls.
4 Am I eligible to use Mobile Deposit?
You are eligible to use Mobile Deposit if you are at least 16 years of age and have a Point Breeze account in good standing.
5 What are the fees for Mobile Deposit?
Point Breeze does not charge any fees for using Mobile Deposit. Message and data rates may apply. Contact your wireless carrier for details.
6 What are the benefits of using Mobile Deposit?
You can deposit checks anywhere, anytime without coming to a credit union office.  Mobile Deposit can save you both time and money.
7 How do I enroll in Mobile Deposit?
To enroll in Mobile Deposit, you must be enrolled in Online Banking and have downloaded the Point Breeze Credit Union App on your smartphone or tablet. Click on the “Check Deposit” icon and agree to the Mobile Deposit Agreement & Disclosure. Once your application is reviewed and approved you will be automatically enrolled. A notice will be sent to you via email within one business day.
8 How soon can I deposit a check after enrolling in Mobile Deposit?
Once your application is approved and you are enrolled in Mobile Deposit, you can begin depositing checks to your Point Breeze accounts immediately.
9 How do I login to Mobile Deposit?
Login to the Point Breeze Credit Union App on your smartphone or tablet and touch the “Check Deposit” icon. There are no separate usernames or passwords needed.
10 Into what account types can a Mobile Deposit be made?
Mobile Deposit can be used to deposit checks into any Point Breeze consumer or business savings or checking account.
11 How must I endorse a check deposited with Mobile Deposit?
Sign/endorse your check as you normally would
Under your endorsement write “For Mobile Deposit”
12 How many checks can be imaged in a single deposit?
Only one check can be imaged per deposit.
13 Can I make multiple deposits in one day?
Yes. You can submit multiple deposits in one day as long as you do not exceed your daily and/or monthly deposit limits.
14 When will funds from a Mobile Deposit be available?
The funds will be available 2 business days after the date of deposit if the deposit is made before 3:00 p.m. on a regular business day. If a check is deposited after 3:00 p.m. the funds will be available 3 business days after the date of deposit.
15 What items cannot be submitted for deposit using Mobile Deposit?
The following items cannot be submitted for deposit using Mobile Deposit:
Money Orders, Traveler’s Checks, Savings Bonds, incomplete checks or items stamped “non-negotiable”
Items claiming to be a lottery or prize winning
Checks drawn on a financial institution located outside the United States or not payable in United States currency
Checks payable to any person or entity other than the person or entity that owns the account to which the check is deposited
Checks containing an alteration on the check front, or which you know or suspect, or should know or suspect, are fraudulent or otherwise not authorized by the owner of the account on which the check is drawn
Checks payable jointly, unless deposited into an account in the name of all payees and endorsed by all payees
Stale-dated checks (more than 6 months old) and post-dated checks (dated for a future day)
Checks previously submitted for deposit, converted to a substitute check or a remotely created check
Checks payable on sight or payable through Drafts, as defined in Regulation CC
16 Can I see the status of my Mobile Deposit?
Yes. You can see the real-time status of checks deposited by Mobile Deposit.
17 Can I see or print a copy of a check deposited by Mobile Deposit?
Yes. You can view Mobile Deposit history, including the front and back images of deposited checks, for up to 180 days from the date of deposit. Point Breeze can provide copies of checks upon request.  Fees may apply. Please refer to the Rate & Fee Schedule.
18 How long do I need to keep checks deposited by Mobile Deposit?
You should retain the original check for 30 days, after which the check should be destroyed.
19 Can a Mobile Deposit be cancelled?
A check that has been submitted for mobile deposit cannot be cancelled.
Purchase Rewards FAQs
1 What is Purchase Rewards?
Purchase Rewards lets you earn cash rewards by using your Point Breeze Visa® Check Card to purchase products and services. The program is available to all Visa Check Cardholders ("Cardholders"). Through this program, you’ll receive targeted offers to receive rewards on purchases based on how you shop. As a Cardholder, there is no limit to the rewards you can earn. So, the more you use your Visa Check Card, the more offers you can receive and the more rewards you can earn!
2 Where do I go to see offers?
You can find offers on the home page in Online Banking, beneath transactions in the transaction history or in the “rewards” section in the upper right part of the home page. Offers can also be found on the account history page or the rewards summary page. New offers will be labeled as “New Offers” until you click to activate them. Once clicked, the reward is “loaded" onto the associated check card. All offers can be viewed by visiting the rewards summary page.
3 How do I redeem offers?
Each offer is based on how you currently shop, so the offers that you receive are relevant! To redeem an offer, simply click on it to see the details; this automatically loads the offer onto your check card. Then shop at the specified retailer and pay using your check card to earn the reward. Each offer has different details regarding when and where to shop and how much you need to spend. Offers that require an online purchase are clearly specified and may include a redemption code. Please read the details to determine how to redeem each offer and start earning rewards.
4 How long do I have to take advantage of an offer?
Each offer has an offer period that was set by the merchant. You must redeem offers before the expiration date. The expiration date can be found in the offer details section of the offer by clicking on the offer.
5 When do I receive the rewards for the offers I redeem?
Your rewards will typically be deposited to your account the month after you redeem the offer. Since we do not share your personal information with retailers, we cannot credit your account immediately at the time of purchase. For example, any rewards you redeem in the month of September typically will be credited to your account at the end of October. If you would like to see the offers you have redeemed or the total value of the offers you have redeemed, please visit the rewards summary page.
6 If I have more than one account will I see the same offers on both accounts?
Offers are matched at the account level, based on the purchases made with your Visa Check Card for that account. If you make different purchases with different accounts, you will see different offers in those accounts. You must use the Visa Check Card connected to that account to redeem the offers for that account.
7 Can I use any of my Point Breeze Credit Union cards to earn rewards?
You have to use your Visa Check Card that is associated with the account that received the offer to earn rewards.
8 Why don’t I have any offers?
Offers are based on how you currently shop to ensure the offers you receive are relevant. If you seldom use your check card, you may not receive any offers until you begin using your card more. The more you use your check card, the more chances you will have to receive relevant offers!
Or, you may not be receiving any offers because you accidentally opted out of the program. If you cannot access the rewards summary page or don’t see the “rewards” section in the upper right part of the home page, you are not enrolled in the rewards program. Please call our Member Service Center at 410.584.7228 to opt back in.
9 What if I do not want to receive offers?
You can opt out by clicking on the “Stop receiving all offers” link on the rewards summary page. This link can be found in the upper right part of the rewards summary page. If you opt out of the rewards program at this time but change your mind later, please call our Member Service Center at 410.584.7228 and we will resume providing offers to you.
10 Is my personal information shared with retailers?
No. Your personal information is not shared with retailers. In fact, no personal information leaves our credit union.
11 Who administers this program?
This program is administered through a third party. All personally identifiable information is secure and is not shared with the third party. Our third party partner will make best efforts to collect all of the rewards due to you and assumes all liability for the collections. Point Breeze Credit Union is not liable for rewards, but will work with our partner to ensure a great customer experience for our members.
12 Is this program free?
Yes. There is no cost associated with this program, making it easy for Visa Check Cardholders to earn rewards. Purchase Rewards is just another benefit of using your Point Breeze Visa Check Card.
By accessing this link, you will be leaving Point Breeze Credit Union's website and entering a website hosted by another party. Please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of Point Breeze Credit Union's website.
We encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site you are entering, which may be different than those of Point Breeze Credit Union. We do not represent either the third party or the member if the two enter into a transaction.
Would you like to continue?