http://www.ta.com/privacy-policy
50th anniversaryLetter from our chairmanThen + NowReflectionsMilestonesPrivacy PolicyTA Associates Management, L.P. Website Privacy Policy Last Updated: December 20, 20191. Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. TA Associates Management, L.P. (“TA Associates”) has developed this Privacy Policy to explain our practices for information, including personal data, collected via the website located at www.ta.com (the “Site”), including what data we collect through the Site, how we use and protect that data and your choices in relation to your data.
TA Associates is the data controller for personal data collected through this Site.
If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact us as described under the
“Contact Information” section below.
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It
Information you provide:
Information we collect automatically: TA Associates’ server collects certain information about your use of, and interaction with, the Site, including information about how users are directed to our Site and visitor paths through the Site (which helps us improve Site design and usefulness), unique visitors and Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses (used to improve our level of service and the content of our Site). We also collect certain information through cookies, described below. TA Associates does not collect any personal data that can be used to directly identify you, such as names, home addresses or e-mail addresses.
IP addresses and cookie identifiers may be considered “personal data” in certain jurisdictions, and will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
TA Associates will process personal data collected through the Site as necessary for our legitimate business interests to improve your experience on our Site and, where applicable, to comply with a legal obligation. TA Associates will not use personal data for activities where the impact on individuals overrides our interests, unless you provide consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted by law.
Cookies: We use cookies in connection with the operation of this Site. A “cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit. By choosing to use the Site after having been notified of our use of cookies in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, and, in applicable jurisdictions, through notice and unambiguous acknowledgement of your consent, you agree to such use.
Types of Cookies Used. The Site uses the following technologies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: We use session cookies to provide you with the services available through the Site and to use some of their features. These cookies are served by TA Associates and are essential for using and navigating the Site. Without these cookies, basic functions of the Site would not work. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the Site functions.
Functionality: We use session cookies to enhance the performance and functionality of the Site. For example, we track a user’s filters so that when the user has filtered the Portfolio page and clicks into a detail page (e.g. company description page), the back button takes the user back to the original filtered status instead of starting over. These cookies are not essential for using and navigating the Site. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable. You can block or delete these cookies by changing the browser settings as explained under the “Your Choices” section below.
Analytics: The Site uses third-party analytics services, notably VisitorTrack and Google Analytics. These service providers use cookies to help the Site analyze how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by our third-party service providers. Our third-party service providers will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and for providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Our third-party service providers also may transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on behalf of our service providers.
Your Choices.
You can prevent your data from being collected by Google Analytics on our Site by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser. For more information on Google Analytics privacy practices, read here.
The provider of VisitorTrack, Netfactor, collects the information described above pursuant to their privacy policy available at: http://netfactor.com/privacy-policy. To block or delete cookies, or to withdraw your consent after accepting cookies, change the configuration of your browser to not accept cookies and delete any existing cookies. For more information on cookies and deletion of cookies, please visit: www.allaboutcookies.org.
Please note that if you limit the ability of the Site to set cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site and you may not be able to benefit from the full functionality of the Site.
3. California Do Not Track Disclosure
The Site does not presently recognize and respond to “do not track” signals. Should this change in the future, we will inform you through an updated version of this Privacy Policy.
4. How We Share Data
TA Associates does not sell personal data, and has not done so for the 12 months prior to the effective date of this policy.
TA Associates may share your data as follows:
With service providers including analytics providers (e.g. Google Analytics, Visitor Track), search engine providers, providers of hosting, cloud services providers and other information technology services providers who assist TA Associates in the improvement and optimization of the Site;
With third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy;
If we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding inappropriate or illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property;
If we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding abuse of the Site’s infrastructure or the Internet in general; and
To comply with legal obligations, and legal processes and procedures.
5. International Data Transfers
TA Associates is based in the United States and the information collected through the Site will be stored on servers located in the United States as necessary to enable you to navigate and use our Site, and the data may be transmitted to our service providers supporting our business operations (described above). The laws of the United States may not afford your information the same privacy rights as the country or jurisdiction in which you are located. We will take steps to ensure that your information receives an adequate level of security protection where it is processed and your rights continue to be protected. Some of our service providers (such as Google Inc.) are certified to the Privacy Shield, a framework operated by the U.S. Department of Commerce that permits to transfer personal data outside the EEA or, as applicable, Switzerland, to certified companies in accordance with EEA data protection law (for more information visit: https://www.privacyshield.gov).
6. Data Subject Rights
Depending on your residency, you may have certain data subject rights. These rights vary by state and country, but they may include the right to: (i) request additional disclosures about the personal data we collect, use, and disclose, i.e., a “Request to Know (Categories of Information)”; (ii) obtain a copy of personal data, i.e., a “Request to Know (Specific Pieces of Information),” sometimes called the Right to Access; (iii) request deletion of personal data, i.e., a “Request to Delete Information,” sometimes called the Right to Be Forgotten; (iii) opt out of the sale of personal data if TA Associates were to sell personal data, i.e., a “Request to Opt Out.” TA Associates does not sell your information, so you are already opted-out of such sales.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights please email privacyinquiry@ta.com or call us at 1-800-Venture. The rights described herein are not absolute and we reserve all of our rights available to us at law in this regard. Additionally, if we retain your personal data only in de-identified form, we will not attempt to re-identify your data in response to a Data Subject Rights request.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) prohibits covered businesses from discriminating against you for exercising applicable CCPA rights.
If you make a request related to personal data about you, we will need to verify your identity.
To do so, we will request that you match specific pieces of information you have provided us previously, as well as, in some instances, provide a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the individual whose personal information is the subject of the request. If it is necessary to collect additional information from you, we will use the information only for verification purposes and will delete it as soon as practicable after complying with the request. For requests related to particularly sensitive information, we may require additional proof of identification.
If you make a request through an authorized agent, we will require written proof that the agent is authorized to act on your behalf.
We will process your request within the time provided by applicable law.
The CCPA prohibits covered businesses from discriminating against consumers for exercising their CCPA rights. TA Associates will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights, for example, by charging a different price or denying goods or services. However, TA Associates may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods or services when that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by the data.
7. SEC Regulations S-P, S-AM and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act - PRIVACY NOTICES
Some regulators such as the Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.K. Information Commissioner and the Federal Trade Commission have adopted rules that require financial institutions, like TA Associates, to provide privacy policy notices to their clients. If you are a natural person who invests with us, that notice will govern how we use your personal data.
8. Data Retention
We will keep your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, for as long as we have a legitimate business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g. for tax, legal, accounting or other purposes), whichever is the longer.
To determine the appropriate retention period for your personal data, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we use your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
9. Children
The Site is not directed to children who are under the age of 13. TA Associates does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal data to TA Associates through the Site, please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
10. Notification of Changes
Because TA Associates’ business will continue to evolve, our privacy policies and, consequently, this Privacy Policy may change from time to time and, therefore, we strongly encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly. We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason, without notice or obligation, by updating this posting, unless notice is required by the applicable law.
11. Contact Information
Questions about this Privacy Policy should be directed to privacyinquiry@ta.com.
If you are an individual in the EU, you can also contact TA Associates (UK), LLP, who has been appointed as TA Associates’ representative in the EU pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, only on matters related to the processing of personal data activities that take place in the EU. To make such an inquiry, please contact TA Associates (UK), LLP at privacyinquiry@ta.com.
webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen