http://www.pointons.com/privacy-policy-disclosure-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to footerYou are here: Home / PRIVACY POLICY & DISCLOSURE POLICYPointons Pty Ltd, Pointons Financial Planners Pty Ltd and Pointons Loans & Leasing Pty Ltd recognises the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about our clients and customers.
In order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and compliance with the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000 we have set out the standards in this policy to which our firm is committed to ensuring the privacy of individuals.
This provides general information about our information handling practices. Where we directly collect information from individuals we endeavour to provide more specific privacy statements or disclosures at the point of collection.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? HOW DO WE USE IT?
We collect personal information to ensure that we are able to provide you with the service and products appropriate to your needs. Generally we will tell you why we are collecting information when we collect it and how we plan to use it. If you provide us with incomplete or inaccurate information, we may not be able to provide you with the services or products you are seeking.
Personal information is generally collected directly from you. We may also acquire lists from other sources, both from other companies and from other public documents.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell or trade personal information or allow third parties to use that personal information for their own purposes.
If information is needed to be accessed by a third party we will attempt to limit that access to the extent possible and to ensure that those suppliers and contractors are also bound by duties of confidentiality privacy.
We may communicate personal information (or parts thereof) to:
external parties who act on our behalf in the operation of our business from time to time e.g. solicitors
third parties when required by law e.g. under Court Order
we may also disclose your information to external parties on your behalf.
We also ask our clients to confirm that they have made their own disclosures or obtained consents before they pass any personal information to us.
We may use your information on occasion to advise you about other services or products offered by us, but you may elect to stop receiving such information at any time.
SECURITY
Internally, we have controls and procedures to ensure that personal information provided to us remains confidential. Our staff are trained in privacy and are bound by strict Confidentiality Agreements to the Firm and its clients.
Pointons Pty Ltd, Pointons Financial Planners Pty Ltd and Pointons Loans & Leasing Pty Ltd takes every effort to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personally identifiable information of our clients. We use a variety of physical and electronic security measures, including restricting physical access to our offices and firewalls and secure databases to keep personal information secure from misuse, loss or unauthorised use or disclosure.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.
ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have a right to access most personal information we hold about you. If we deny access in some circumstances we will inform you of our reasons for withholding any information.
If you believe that information we hold about you is incorrect, or if you have concerns about how we are handling your personal information then we ask that you contact us and we will try to resolve these concerns.
EFFECT OF POLICY
This policy does not form a contract between an individual and Pointons Pty Ltd, Pointons Financial Planners Pty Ltd and Pointons Loans & Leasing Pty Ltd. This policy may also be subject to change. Whenever you need to refer to this policy, you should contact us for the most up to date version.
DISCLAIMER
“Every effort has been made to offer the most current, correct and clearly expressed information possible within this site. Nonetheless, inadvertent errors can occur and applicable laws, rules and regulations may change.
The information contained in this site is general and is not intended to serve as advice. No warranty is given in relation to the accuracy or reliability of any information. Users should not act or fail to act on the basis of information contained herein. Users are encouraged to contact Pointons Pty Ltd, Pointons Financial Planners Pty Ltd and Pointons Loans & Leasing Pty Ltd for advice concerning specific matters before making any decision”
COPYRIGHT
Unless otherwise stated, all content on this website is the property of Pointons Pty Ltd, Pointons Financial Planners Pty Ltd and Pointons Loans & Leasing Pty Ltd, and may not be reproduced without prior permission.
You may use content from this site for personal, non-commercial use, or for journalism or review purposes – please provide a link to this website www.pointons.com with any published material.
COMPLAINTS
If you are unhappy with any aspect of the way your personal information has been collected or handled by us, please do not hesitate to contact us .
Footer
David Pointon CFP®