https://www.uspsfcu.org/privacy-disclosures/
Skip to content
VISA Credit Card Agreement
Privacy Policy
"Virtual Branch" Home Banking Security Statement
E-Statement Agreement and Disclosure
Electronic Funds Transfer Agreement
BillPayer Guidelines
Mobile Deposit Terms and Conditions
Linked Sites Disclaimer
Testimonial Photograph Guidelines
USA Patriot Act Notice
Membership Account Agreements and Disclosures
Disclaimer of Warranties
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act Notice
Equal Housing Lender Disclosure
SAFE Act Disclosure
Home Equity Line of Credit/Closed-End Mortgage Closing Cost Disclosure
USPS FCU 'Virtual Branch' Home Banking Security
Network Security
With the Internet as the fastest growing form of commercial exchange in the world, the need for tighter security is paramount. Therefore, U. S. Postal Service Federal Credit Union (USPS FCU) has taken a serious approach to security. From the ground up, we have implemented a security system that safeguards your money and keeps your account information private. USPS FCU has been equipped with a protected environment using a nationally recognized networking architecture consisting of data encryption throughout the transmission to prevent unauthorized access. Layers of security include automatic sign-off, encryption, firewalls, and password lockout.
Automatic Sign Off
Sometimes you may be using a remote computer when you're banking online, thus remembering to sign off is very important. However, if you do forget to sign off, USPS FCU will automatically sign off for you after a predetermined time period of inactivity. This prevents curious persons from continuing your home banking session in case you have left your PC unattended without logging out. However, we recommend that you always sign-off (log out) when you are done with your online banking.
Encryption
USPS FCU utilizes different types of technology to ensure the confidentiality of its transactions through the Internet, such as Netscape's Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. SSL is an open protocol for securing data communications across computer networks which provides secure channels for data transmission through encryption. SSL also provides transfer capabilities of digitally signed certificates for authentication procedures. Certificates of authentication offers message integrity, thus ensuring that data can not be modified after it's sent.
Firewalls
The Credit Union is protected by a firewall, which is a barrier between the outside Internet and the internal Credit Union network. The firewall verifies each network packet and determines whether to permit access. All incoming IP traffic is actually addressed to the firewall, which only allows pertinent information to flow into the Credit Union.
Password Lockout
In order to bank online, you need to know a unique password. When you enter your password, it is compared with the password we have stored in our secure data cent. If someone else is trying to enter a password to view your banking information, he/she won't get very far. USPS FCU allows only 3 chances to enter a password. After 3 failed attempts, it is determined to be fraudulent activity and the account is 'locked out.' No further login attempts will be allowed until you call us to reinitialize the account. We will monitor and record 'bad-login' attempts to detect any suspicious activity (i.e., someone trying to guess your password). You play a crucial role in preventing others from logging on to your account. Never use passwords that are easy to guess. Examples of bad passwords are: Birth dates, first names, addresses, phone numbers, social security numbers, etc. Never reveal your password to another person. You should periodically change your password in the User Option screen of online banking.
USPS FCU is dedicated to providing alternative banking options with stringent security measures for our members. We have your privacy, protection, and peace of mind at the forefront of our online banking solution, Virtual Branch.
TOP
BillPayer Guidelines
By enrolling in BillPayer, you the Credit Union member hereby authorize the U. S. Postal Service FCU to make payments on your behalf by debiting the member's designated account and transferring the funds to the designated merchant accounts as indicated by the member via Internet BillPayer. The agreements, rules, and regulations applicable to your checking accounts, savings accounts and other accounts, serviced by your Credit Union, remain in effect and continue to be applicable, except as specifically stated in this agreement.
When scheduling payments, please allow 2 business days for electronic payment and 5 business days if paying by check. (Choose a payment date at least 2 days prior to the due date on your bill when paying electronically.)
Scheduled payments that fall on a Saturday or Sunday will be paid on Monday. Scheduled payments that fall on a holiday will be paid the following day.
Open payee enrollment gives members unlimited capacity to add payees. In order to establish a level of quality control, your payees will be notified. Successful notification can take up to 14 days. Therefore, when setting up a payment for a new payee, please wait until the Payee Status reads 'available'.
The following merchants may not be used for making payments:
Tax entities (IRS, state and local tax authorities)
Collection agencies · Court ordered payments (child support, etc.)
Payees outside the U.S.
The following merchants may be used but the payment guarantee will not apply:
Payees with Armed Forces postal codes (AP, AE)
Payments to settle securities transactions
Payoffs on 'special financing' transactions
Unprocessed payments due to debit failures
Additional fees may be incurred for late payments or insufficient funds on your account. There is no limit to the number of payees and payments that you can set up using this service.
The maximum single payment to any designated payee is $25,000.
TOP
Linked Sites
Our site includes links to external sites that U. S. Postal Service Federal Credit Union is not necessarily affiliated with and these sites are not under our control. U. S. Postal Service Federal Credit Union is not responsible for the content or availability of linked sites, and does not represent either the third party or the member if the two enter into a transaction. The privacy and security policies of linked sites may differ from those practiced by the Credit Union. We encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site you are entering.
TOP
USA Patriot Act
Important Information About Procedures For Opening A New Account
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account.
What This Means For You
When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents.
Important Information About Opening A Legal Entity Account
Effective May 11, 2018, new rules under the Bank Secrecy Act will aid the government in the fight against crimes to evade financial measures designed to combat terrorism and other national security threats. EACH time an account is opened for a covered Legal Entity, we are required to ask you for identifying information (name, address, date of birth, social security number as well as identification documents) for:
Each individual that has beneficial ownership (25% or more); and,
One individual that has significant managerial control, of the Legal Entity.
If you are opening an account on behalf of a Legal Entity, you will be required to provide the appropriate documentation and to certify that this information is true and accurate to the best of your knowledge.
We ask for your support as we are working to support efforts to maintain the security of the Credit Union and the country.
TOP
Disclaimer of Warranties
U. S. Postal Service Federal Credit Union takes reasonable measures to ensure the quality of data and additional information provided on this site. However, the information is provided "as is" and USPS FCU does not make any representations or warranties, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy of these materials including but not limited to text, graphics, and links. Descriptions of or references to products, services or publications within the U. S. Postal Service Federal Credit Union web site are not to be considered endorsement.
TOP
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act
The HMDA data about our residential lending are available for review. The data show geographic distribution of loans and applications; ethnicity, race, sex and income of applicants and borrowers; and information about loan approvals and denials. Inquire at this office regarding the locations where HMDA data may be inspected.
To receive a copy of this data, send a written request to:
U. S. Postal Service Federal Credit Union
7905 Malcolm Rd. Suite 311
Clinton, MD 20735
Attn: Mortgage Department/HMDA Data Request
TOP
Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act
(SAFE Act)
The Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act (SAFE Act), requires credit union mortgage loan originators and their employing institutions to register with the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System & Registry (NMLS). A listing of the mortgage loan originators of U. S. Postal Service Federal Credit Union can be found below:
Arthur Turcotte - 608040
Michelle Waters - 1652416
Connie Parham - 608039
Cinthia Smith - 715472
Shannon Willard - 1111408
Mireya Mejia - 1412739
Geraldine Adams - 1411111
Ricky Jones - 1045629
Barbara Shelley - 1411441
U. S. Postal Service Federal Credit Union - 501858
If there are any questions, please call 800-877-7328 or visit the Mortgage Licensing System & Registry Consumer Site at www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org.
TOP
Accessibility Options
Font Size
Contrast
Image Grayscale
Accessibility Statement