https://www.umco.com.au/privacy/
Universal Magazines- Privacy Policy
In this policy “we”, “us” and “our” refers to Universal Magazines, its subsidiaries and affiliate companies. Universal Magazines respects your privacy and we are committed to managing, collecting and using your personal information in compliance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). Please read this policy carefully as it describes the way in which we collect and handle your personal information. We may update or revise this policy from time to time as necessary and all personal information held by Universal Magazines will be governed by the latest policy posted on our website with the date of revision noted.
For more information please read the policy below and email us if you seek further information at privacy@universalmagazines.com.au.
How we collect personal information:
Universal Magazines primarily collects your personal information directly from you. This includes, but is not limited to, collection when you:
purchase a print or digital magazine or subscription from us;
purchase a mail order product;
download an app;
download a digital e-book or other gift or incentive;
submit an enquiry directly or via a website;
enter a competition or promotion;
answer a survey;
sign up to an e-newsletter;
sign up to one of our social media accounts;
register for an account on a website;
Or otherwise communicate with us via phone or email for any reason.
Third Party Collection: Universal Magazines may in some circumstances also collect personal information from a third party, business partner or from public records. This includes, but is not limited to, collection from third party subscription retailers in order to fulfil those orders, collection from agencies that verify or correct errors in our recorded details for you, collection from software such as Google Analytics and Mail Chimp of your use of our websites or e-newsletters, and collection from joint ventures with business partners or collection from direct marketing organisations. Where we collect personal information from third parties, we will ensure that the collection is conducted in a fair and lawful manner.
What personal information we collect:
Universal Magazines collects personal information that is reasonably necessary to perform the service or information we are providing you or to fulfil the purpose you have requested. Personal information collected generally includes the following:
Contact details: your name, address, telephone number, email address or other contact details.
Customer and Financial details: Your bank account or credit card details as required to process any payments/orders requested by you and your client history with us such as past orders.
With your consent we may further collect personal information such as your customer profile, gender, and interests. This will help us send you the most suitable product offers.
Financial and account information: Purchases made through any website operated by Universal Magazines are handled securely using an SSL certificate. Account information is kept electronically until your order is processed, and then account information is separated from product and address information. Account information is only viewed by staff who need to know it in order to process the transaction.
Use of personal information:
Universal Magazines will collect your personal information if it is reasonably necessary to perform or fulfil our business activities and services and to otherwise communicate for this purpose. Some examples are:
To provide you with products you have purchased: including to process your purchase of a magazine, magazine subscription, mail order, digital magazine purchase or book, diary and calendar purchase. And to contact you to see if you would like to re-new a lapsed subscription or purchase a related Universal Magazines product or otherwise send you select marketing and promotional materials from us that we consider may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive promotional material or other services from Universal Magazines please notify us of this request directly. Otherwise, by providing your personal information to Universal Magazines you consent to us contacting you with promotional or further information about our services.
To learn more about you: We will conduct competitions, promotions and reader surveys to find out more about our clients and prospective clients that respond to those initiatives. We may then use your personal information to deliver a prize to you or provide you with more information about relevant products and services.
To customise our digital products: We may use your personal information to customise your experience of our websites. We, or a third party service provider, may also collect information from our websites and apps to better understand how you use those products and how they are performing and how we can thus improve those services.
Memberships:  To deliver you with E-newsletters you have signed up to or to otherwise fulfil the services, news and rewards of our magazine clubs and membership groups such as the Wellbeing Book Club or the Dogs Life Dog Lovers Club.
To promote advertising sales: We may use your de-identified personal information to tell our advertiser clients our readership numbers, subscriber numbers, website visitor numbers or other data to assist advertisers choose and use our print and digital products to market their business.
Publishing reader communications: As a publisher of print and electronic magazines, websites and other media, Universal Magazines receives many emails and other communications from readers and users every day.  We may reproduce such communications in a relevant publication where it is clear to us that the sender intended publication. For example this will apply to any letters to the editor.
Disclosure of personal information:
We may disclose your personal information to others in order to carry out our business services and functions. Such disclosures may include the following:
Companies that carry out business functions on our behalf such as mailing houses, couriers, credit watch companies, financial institutions, data analysis, market research, telemarketing etc.
Companies to whom you have requested we send your personal information to in order to receive a quote or reply from them, such as if you use a web enquiry box on a website.
Organisations who are sponsoring, co-sponsoring or otherwise involved with a promotion, offer, competition, survey or other marketing activity that you respond to.
Related, owned, or contracted companies: We may share your personal information with other companies which are owned by, related to or contracted by Universal Magazines to help us with the same purposes outlines above.
Third Party Use: Where you consent we will also allow select partners to send you offers or other benefits that we think may be of interest to you. You may opt out of having your information used in this particular way at any time. To do so please email us at privacy@universalmagazines.com.au.
With your specific and prior consent, to other companies or individuals for the purposes you have consented to.
In very rare circumstances, we may disclose your personal information to offshore partners and service providers that help us carry out our business functions. By providing your personal information to Universal Magazines you consent to disclosure of your personal information to offshore partners for the above use. A scenario requiring or involving this has not occurred yet. Please note that, third parties that lawfully receive your personal information from Universal Magazines, primarily for marketing purposes or part of a joint venture promotion, may use that information offshore or disclose it to others offshore.
In certain circumstances we may disclose your personal information where required to do so by law. In this situations, we will endeavour to ensure that those to whom we do disclose your personal information to, has the legal right to receive it.
Security and storage of personal information:
Universal Magazines understands that the security of your personal information is important. As such, we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, loss or unauthorised disclosure. We store your information at an onsite secure server and all staff are regularly trained to ensure that they are aware of our privacy commitment and only relevant staff or third parties are given access to your information.
Please note that while all attempts are made to ensure the security of your personal information, unfortunately no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.
Universal Magazines also cannot guarantee the security of any information that you post publically on its website or services such as bulletin boards or chat rooms.
Your access to your personal information:
You have the right to find out what personal information we have about you, make changes to that personal information and access the personal information that we hold about you. To request such access for your own information, to make any changes, updates or modifications or for any other reason please contact us at privacy@universalmagazines.com.au. Please provide as much details as you can about your particular request in order to help us fulfil it. We will aim to respond to you in a reasonable time depending on the nature of your query or request. In very limited circumstances and depending on the request, there may be a charge to you to cover our costs and we will inform you of any possible charge before they are incurred. In very limited circumstances we may refuse your request to access or change your personal information, and if this is the case we will provide you our reasons for doing so within a reasonable amount of time.
You may delete your personal information record with Universal Magazines. Please let us know if you wish to do this by emailing us at privacy@universalmagazines.com.au and we will take reasonable steps to delete the information unless we are required to retain it by law.
Dealing with Universal Magazines anonymously or with a pseudonym:
You have the right to deal with us anonymously or using a pseudonym. We will assess these request and grant them to the extent that it is lawful and reasonably practicable for us to do so.
Cookies:
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record keeping purposes. Cookies can make the website more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. Cookies also allow us to track usage patterns and to compile data that can help us improve our content and target advertising.  Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. You may set your browser to refuse cookies, however, you may not be able to take full advantage of a website if you do so. Cookies may be necessary in order to provide you with features such as merchandise transactions or registered services.
Third party websites:
Universal Magazines websites runs advertising, promotions and links for a range of third parties. When you click on one of these links or advertisements you may be directed to a third party website. Please note that this policy does not apply to the practices of companies or people that Universal Magazines does not own or employ including third party websites.  This is even if those websites are linked to our sites. Such links are intended for your convenience only. We are in no way endorsing such websites or companies and recommend that before you disclose your personal information to any third party website you read that website’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
Universal Magazines may edit this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by posting an announcement on our websites.
Helpful information about privacy on the internet:
If you are using a shared computer or a computer in a public place always close your browser after use. This will help ensure that others cannot access your personal information or correspondences.
If you voluntarily disclose personal information over the internet in a public manner (such as on a bulletin board) that information may be used by others to send you unsolicited communications.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of any login names and passwords on the internet.
Please be careful and responsible when using the Internet.
For further information or to make and enquire or complaint:
If you require any further information, or if you have a complaint concerning your information privacy, please contact our Privacy Officer on the details below. If you are dissatisfied with our response you may refer the matter to the Australian Information (Privacy) Commissioner.
Universal Magazines
Unit 5,6-8 Byfield Street
North Ryde, NSW, 2113
Tel: (02) 9805 0399
Fax: (02) 9805 0714
Email: privacy@universalmagazines.com.au
Copyright © 2014 Universal Magazines Pty Ltd. All rights reserved. Last updated 9 September 2014.
Search for:
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Nov
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031