https://www.redirack.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Call us now on +44 (0)1543 279543 or email:sales@redirack.co.uk
Search site:
Menu
Skip to content
Home
About Us
Product Range
Pallet Racking
Wide Aisle Pallet Racking
Narrow Aisle Pallet Racking
Very Narrow Aisle Pallet Racking
Double Deep Pallet Racking
Drive-In Pallet Racking
Push Back Pallet Racking
Dry Stack Boat Racking
Carpet Racking
Galvanised Pallet Racking
Cantilever Racking
Rack Protection
Spares & Accessories
Industry Solutions
Automotive
Boat & Marine
Builders Merchants
Carpet & Textiles
Cask & Barrel
Chemical
Electronics
Food
Furniture
Hardware
Kitchen, Bedroom & Bathroom
Pharmaceutical
Retail
Third Party Logistics
Case Studies
Health & Safety
SEMA
Installation Standards
Floors
Shop
Contact Us
Website Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
Relevant Legislation
Our business and internal computer systems, including this website, have been designed to comply with the following national and international legislation’s with regards to data protection and user privacy:
UK Data Protection Act 1988 (DPA)
EU Data Protection Directive 1995 (DPD)
EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR)
Our website’s compliance with the above legislation’s means that this site is likely compliant with the data protection and user privacy legislation set out by many other countries.
If you are unsure about whether this site is compliant with your own country of residences’ specific data protection and user privacy legislation, you should contact us.
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website, such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views;
information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us for our newsletters, technical documents and electronic marketing;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters;
any other information that you choose to send to us;
Cookies
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may send a cookie which may be stored on by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognise your computer when you visit our website, and to personalise our website for you.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.) This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
administer the website;
improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
enable your use of the services available on the website;
send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications (relating to our business)
which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications to be sent by emailing us at sales@redirack.co.uk ;
provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website;
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk); and
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
Your rights
You may instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes by email at any time. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal data for marketing purposes.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Your rights under GDPR
In particular, but without limitation, you may have the following rights under applicable European data protection law:
Right of access: You have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not we process personal data from you and you also have the right to at any time obtain access to our personal data stored by us. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us.
Right to rectification of your personal data: If we process your personal data, we shall endeavour to ensure by implementing suitable measures that your personal data is accurate and up-to-date for the purposes for which we collected your personal data was collected. If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to obtain the rectification of such data.
Right to erasure of your personal data or right to restriction of processing: You may have the right to obtain the erasure of your personal data or the restriction of processing of your personal data.
Right to withdraw your consent: If you have given your consent to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on the consent before the withdrawal. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us
Right to data portability: You may have the right to receive the personal data concerning you and which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to transmit those data to another controller.
Right to object: You may have the right to object to the processing of your personal data as further specified in this Privacy Policy.
Right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority: You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority located in the European Union. You may contact the Hesse Data Protection Supervisor.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by post to The Managing Director, Redirack, Bettys Lane, Norton Canes, Cannock, Staffordshire, WS11 9NZ
HomeAbout UsProduct Range
Pallet Racking Wide Aisle Pallet Racking Narrow Aisle Pallet Racking Very Narrow Aisle Pallet Racking Double Deep Pallet Racking Drive-In Pallet Racking Push Back Pallet Racking Dry Stack Boat Racking Carpet Racking Galvanised Pallet Racking Cantilever Racking Rack Protection Spares & Accessories
Industry Solutions
Automotive Boat & Marine Builders Merchants Carpet & Textiles Cask & Barrel Chemical Electronics Food Furniture Hardware Kitchen, Bedroom & Bathroom Pharmaceutical Retail Third Party Logistics
Case StudiesHealth & Safety
SEMA Installation Standards Floors
ShopContact Us