http://www.phoenixamerica.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Phoenix America will not sell or provide any personal information to anyone without your permission.
Phoenix America is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our web site. Phoenix America will never use any personal information collected at this site for any purpose other than internal use.
If you have any questions or concerns about any privacy issues, please contact us at: info@phoenixamerica.com
Types of Information The following is an explanation of the types of information that are collected from visitors at this site.
Anonymous Information - Phoenix America will track visitor activity to our site using IP addresses and set temporary cookies to track user sessions. This data helps us keep track of the number of visitors and help facilitate the dynamic nature of our site. This information is not connected in any way with personal information (name, address, etc.). The user's identity remains anonymous with this type of information.
Contact Information - If a visitor to our site fills out the Contact form, this information will be used to process any orders, or initiate contact with Phoenix America only. No one outside of Phoenix America will ever have access to your personal information. Visitor information is stored in a database on a secure server. The database is password protected and is only accessible by Phoenix America's servers and authorized personnel of Phoenix America
Third-Party Privacy Policies Please be aware that other web sites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party web sites linked to Phoenix America web site are not covered by this privacy statement.
Click to Contact us Today
or call us at 866.315.7032
×
Price:
Actual Price:
Add to Cart
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
4717 Clubview Drive Fort Wayne, Indiana 46804 888.801.1422
Request a Crossover Part »
Contact Us »
Conflict Material Sourcing Policy »
© 2019 Phoenix America. All Rights Reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Secure Payments Via