https://www.asiaasset.com/p/privacy-information/37044
Sub-Menu
About Us
Advertise
Editorial
Contacts
Terms of Service
Privacy Information
Site Help
e-Newsletter
RSS
Sitemap
fd
Home
»
Footer Menu
Privacy Information
Any Information provided by users of this website (“the site”) will only be used by Asia Asset Management in Accordance with Asia Asset Management’s Privacy Policy as detailed herein. PRIVACY POLICY Asia Asset Management is committed to protecting your privacy. We have taken care to abide by the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, Chapter 486 of the Laws of Hong Kong, to collect, store, use Personal Data fairly and lawfully. By registration with this website, you agree to abide by this Privacy Statement and our Terms and Conditions. Please notify us if there are changes in your contact details and should you move to another country, the Data Protection rules may differ from those governing our Hong Kong website. We will always offer you choices about receiving marketing messages from us or our trusted business partners. When you register on this website, or respond to one of our communications, we will ask for your consent regarding receiving future marketing messages from us. You can always unsubscribe to any of our emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of each communication we send you, or email us anytime at enquiries@asiaasset.com or write to us at the address given in this Privacy Statement. COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION We collect personal data in subscription records, event attendee records, in competitions and surveys in which users participate on our website and other operational records. Personal Information will only be collected from users with their consent – please note that this process will also involve the use of "cookies” which allow AsiaAsset.com to identify users when they visit the website. Subscription records are collected for billing and payment. Event Attendee Records are processed for the purposes of organising and managing the relevant events. Operational Records are processed to facilitate the effective operation of our businesses such as newsgathering, security, maintenance, managing our relationship with advertisers, auditing usage of the site  as well as providing services related to all aspects of our operations.  DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION We will not disclose any information that we obtain from users to any third parties, or where we have indicated when users have supplied such information. We may share your Personal Data with our third party suppliers who need to process your data in order to fulfil your request, such as to charge your credit card (if authorised by you), fill your order, and deliver electronic newsletters and promotional messages. But they are required, under a contract with severe penalties, not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services we request of them. Before we select our processing suppliers, they must satisfy us that they match our stringent processes to ensure the security of your data, whilst it is in their care. In addition, if you choose to receive certain content we make available or participate in any of our conferences or events, we may share your Personal Data with the co-organisers and partners, content providers and related vendors in connection with such content and programs. Asia Asset Management will always undertake to keep your data secure. COOKIES This site uses cookies. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are helpful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. They do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages, efficiently, remembering your preferences and generally improve the user experience. MANAGING YOUR COOKIES Most browsers automatically accept cookies by default, but you can choose to refuse cookies or selectively accept certain cookies by adjusting the preferences in your browser. Please note that if you do elect to disable your web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you may not be able to access or take advantage of many features of the service and some parts of the website may not work properly. WEBSITE ANALYTICS We may collect information about your computer and your visits to this site such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. This information is used solely to improve the website’s usability and for other marketing purposes. We work directly with a number of technology partners to maintain and support our website, such as Google Analytics and Google DoubleClick, to allow tracking technologies, measure the effectiveness of our online marketing campaigns, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand online activity. We may use the personal information we have about you to provide anonymous and statistical data to third party regarding the use of our websites, services, applications and tools. We do not share personally identifiable information with third party partners and customers for measurement and analytics services. CONTACT US If you have questions about this statement or about your personal information, please send correspondence to us at the following address: Asia Asset ManagementAsia-Pacific Media Limited1701 Singga Commercial Centre148 Connaught Road WestHong Kong SAR Alternatively, you can use the email address: enquiries@asiaasset.com