http://www.schindler.com/com/internet/en/system/disclaimer-navigation/terms-and-conditions.html
Home
Service Navigation
Main Navigation
Content
Contact
Search
Go back
Schindler Group Website
Schindler - Online Terms and Conditions
Last updated September 2020
Thank you for visiting (one of) the Schindler Group websites (“Sites”) of Schindler Holding Ltd. and/or its affiliates (“Schindler”) and your interest in Schindler products and services.
1. Introduction
Access to and use of any of the Sites of Schindler is subject to the following legal online terms and conditions (“Online Terms and Conditions”), our Online Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy and all applicable laws.
2. Access and Acceptance
By accessing and browsing the Sites you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Online Terms and Conditions. You may only use the Sites and its services if you abide by all applicable laws and to these Online Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Online Terms and Conditions, do not proceed further to the Sites.
Schindler does not guarantee that its Sites, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our Sites is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our Sites without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our Sites are unavailable at any time or for any period. We cannot take responsibility for information transmitted via the Sites and we cannot guarantee that any electronic commerce or communication is totally secure.
3. Purpose of the Sites
The content and information posted on the Sites are provided as information to interested persons and may be used for informational purposes only. Information on products and services may pertain to limited geographic areas and markets. A reference to a product or service on the Sites does not imply that such product or service is, remains or will be available in your location.
4. Your use of the Sites
You may use our Sites only for lawful purposes. You may not use our Sites: in any way that breaches any applicable law or regulation; in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect; for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way; to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with these Online Terms and Conditions; to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect or otherwise jeopardize the operation of any computer software or hardware or the Sites.
You must not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Sites, the server on which our Sites are stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Sites.
You also agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our Sites in contravention of the provisions of these Online Terms and Conditions; not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of our Sites, any equipment or network on which our Sites are stored, any software used in the provision of our Sites or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
5. No Offer
None of the content and information posted on the Sites may be deemed to constitute an offer by Schindler. Schindler expressly reserves the right to decline any request made on the basis of the content of the Sites for a tender by Schindler. Orders for Schindler products cannot and may not be placed over the Sites.
6. No Liability
Any liability of Schindler for damages due to or in connection with accessing and/or making use of the Sites is excluded to the broadest extent permitted by law.
Under no circumstances shall Schindler have any liability for any incidental, indirect or consequential damage, loss of profit, anticipated savings, loss of data, business interruption, loss of goodwill, claims of third parties, delay damage or punitive damages.
In particular Schindler shall have no liability or any responsibility whatsoever for any loss suffered or caused by viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property by reason of your use of, access to or downloading of any material from the Sites. If you choose to download material from the Sites, you do so at your own risk.
7. No Warranty
While Schindler uses reasonable efforts to ensure that the content and information is accurate and up to date, it may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. The content and information posted on the Sites is provided to you “as is” and “as available” without warranties or representations of any kind. Schindler disclaims and excludes any express or implied warranties or representations, including any warranties as to merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of the Sites to the broadest extent permitted by law.
In particular, Schindler makes no warranties or representations, express or implied, as to the timeliness, accuracy, quality, completeness or existence of the content and information posted on the Sites.
In particular, Schindler makes no warranties or representations, express or implied, for technical accessibility, fitness or flawlessness of the Sites.
In particular, Schindler makes no warranties or representations that your use of content and information posted on the Sites will not infringe rights of third parties.
8. Reservation on Intellectual Property Rights
The protection of the Sites and of their content by copyright or other laws remains reserved. Schindler is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Sites and in the material published on it. Those works, trademarks, logos, service marks and business names displayed on the Sites are registered and protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.
Access to the Sites does not constitute a right to copy or use any of the intellectual property of Schindler. Any unauthorized use of content, works or information posted on the Sites and any unauthorized reproduction, retransmission or other use of any part of the Sites may infringe Schindler's or third parties’ copyrights, trademarks, privacy, publicity or other rights and is not permitted.
You must not use any part of the content on our Sites for commercial purposes without obtaining a license to do so from Schindler or our licensors. Requests for reproduction and re-transmission permissions may be addressed to email@schindler.com.
9. Links to other websites
The Sites may contain third party content or provide links to other websites. Schindler has no control over such websites and you access third-party websites at your own risk. The links from the Sites to other websites are provided for your information and convenience only. Schindler has not reviewed any third-party webpages and websites which contain links to the Sites. Schindler is not responsible for the content of any such off-site webpages or any other websites linked to the Sites.
Schindler is not responsible for the availability of such external websites and resources and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, products or other materials available from such websites. Framing, deep-linking, scraping, etc. of any of the Sites is not permitted and Schindler has no liability for such actions. For further details please refer to our Online Privacy Policy.
10. Schindler Online Privacy Policy
The Internet is generally not a secure environment. You acknowledge that the Internet is an open network and can be accessed by anybody. Schindler treats personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws. For further details please refer to our Online Privacy Policy.
11. Schindler Cookie Policy
We collect information about your usage of the Sites by using cookies. For further information about cookies and details about your choice to consent to their use or disable them, please refer to our Cookie Policy.
12. Specific Terms of Use
Access to or use of certain pages or parts of the Sites may be subject to specific terms of use. Different terms shall complement one another. In case of a conflict, specific terms of use shall take precedence over these Online Terms and Conditions.
13. Revisions to the Online Terms and Conditions
Schindler may in any way, at any time, for any reason, without prior notice and at its discretion modify, add or remove or otherwise update these Online Terms and Conditions. You agree to such changes, and are bound by the revised Online Terms and Conditions, when you use the Sites.
14. Consequences of Breach
If we become aware that you have violated these Online Terms and Conditions, we may immediately take corrective action, including preventing you from using the services offered by Schindler and removing any information, data and content put on the Sites by you, at any moment and without notice. If we have suffered damage(s) by your violation we may, in our sole discretion, seek to recover damages from you.
15. Applicable Law and Place of Jurisdiction
Subject to compulsory legal provisions, any use of the Sites and all legal disputes arising out of or in connection therewith are exclusively governed by Swiss law and shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Hergiswil/Canton Nidwalden, Switzerland.
16. How to contact us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Online Terms and Conditions please contact us at:
Schindler Management Ltd. - Headquarters
Zugerstrasse 13
6030 Ebikon
Switzerland
Phone: +41 41 445 31 31
Email: email@schindler.com