http://www.mbs.edu/terms-and-conditions
What are you searching for?
Search
Melbourne Business School
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
About this website
This is a website operated by Melbourne Business School Ltd (ABN 80 007 268 233) ("MBS") under the domain name mbs.edu (“MBS Website”). The MBS Website is operated on behalf of Melbourne Business School (“MBS”).
The use of the information, graphics and materials on the MBS Website ("Material on this Website") is governed by these Terms of Use and the Privacy Statement.
Links to other websites
The MBS Website contains links to other websites ("Third Party Websites") operated by third parties. MBS does not sponsor, endorse, or approve of the operations of Third Party Websites, or the information, graphics and material on those Third Party Websites ("Third Party Material").
Subject to any applicable law which cannot be excluded, MBS makes no warranties or representations:
regarding the quality, accuracy, merchantability or fitness for purpose of Third Party Material or products or services available through Third Party Websites; or
that Third Party Material does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any person. MBS is not authorising the reproduction of Third Party Material by linking Material on this Website to Third Party Material.
When following a link on the MBS Website, material at a Third Party Website may be displayed in your browser framed by Material on the MBS Website. This material is also Third Party Material for the purpose of these Terms of Use.
All offers to sell and statements relating to goods and services available on Third Party Websites are the responsibility of and given by the Third Party Website operator. Insofar as such offers and statements are made on the MBS Website, such offers and statements are made by MBS on behalf of the operator. MBS expressly disclaims acting in any other respect on behalf of Third Party Website operators.
MBS may receive payments from operators of Third Party Websites in relation to goods or services supplied by the operator as a result of you linking to the Third Party Website from the MBS Website.
The permission above does not include permission to copy the design elements, look and feel or layout of this web site. Those elements of the web site are protected by law, such as trade dress, trademark, unfair competition and other laws, and may not be copied or imitated in any manner.
MBS product information and supply
Material on this Website may contain general information about MBS products and services. Unless expressly stated otherwise, this information:
does not constitute an offer or inducement to enter into a legally binding contract; and
does not form part of the terms and conditions for MBS products and services.
Warranties
While every effort has been made to ensure that information is free from error, MBS does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of Material on this Website. All information is subject to change without notice. MBS recommends that you seek independent advice before acting upon Material on this Website or Third Party Material. MBS does not guarantee that the MBS Website or Third Party Websites will be free from viruses, or that access to the MBS Website or Third Party Websites will be uninterrupted.
Limitation of liability
Subject to any responsibilities implied by law and which cannot be excluded, no member of MBS is liable to you for any losses, damages, liabilities, claims and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs and defence or settlement costs) whatsoever arising out of or referable to Material on this Website or to Third Party Material, whether in contract, tort including negligence, statute or otherwise.
Termination
These Terms of Use (and the agreement constituted by your use of the information, graphics and materials on the MBS Website) and your access to the MBS Website may be terminated at any time by MBS without notice. All restrictions, licences granted by you and all disclaimers and limitations of liability by MBS will survive termination, however, you will no longer be authorised to access the MBS Website.
Jurisdiction
The law applicable to use of the MBS Website and to disputes arising out of the MBS Website is the law of the State of Victoria, Australia.
Copyright and trademarks
Copyright in the Material on this Website is owned or licensed by MBS. Except where necessary for viewing the Material on this Website on your browser, or as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) or other applicable laws, no Material on this Website may be reproduced, adapted, performed in public or transmitted in any form by any process without the specific written consent of MBS.
"Melbourne Business School", and all associated trademarks, are trademarks of MBS.
Acceptance and changes to terms of use
You acknowledge and accept that your use of the MBS Website indicates your acceptance of these Terms of Use and the Privacy Statement.
These are the current Terms of Use. They replace any other terms of use for the MBS Website published on the MBS Website to date. MBS may at any time vary the Terms of Use by publishing the varied Terms of Use on the MBS Website. You accept that by doing this, MBS has provided you with sufficient notice of the variation.
About
Leadership
Rankings
Locations
Degree Programs
Full-time MBA
Part-time MBA
Master of Business Analytics
All Programs
Short Courses
Management Programs
Leadership Programs
Change Programs
Strategy Programs
Other Areas of Study
For Organisations
Custom Solutions
Coaching
Faculty & Research
Faculty
Research
Centre for Business Analytics
Centre for Sustainability and Business
Give
Donate
Current Students
Canvas
Alumni
News
Events
Connect
Latest News
Events
Success Stories
Work at MBS
Contact
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
Melbourne Business School
|
CRICOS provider code: 00116K
|
ABN: 80 007 268 233
|
© Copyright 2020, All Rights Reserved.
Log in
Register
Back
Email Address
Back
Recover your password
First NameSurnameEmail AddressPassword
I have read and understood the privacy policy terms and conditions.
Register