https://www.allandetrobert.com/privacy-statement-and-cookie-policy/
Privacy Statement and Cookie PolicyPrivacy Statement and Cookie PolicyAnything you tell us is confidential. We never trade or sell your information to other companies. ALLAND & ROBERT supports the privacy of his users. ALLAND & ROBERT will not provide or release names, e-mail addresses or any other information to any third party without the express permission of the user. The ALLAND & ROBERT website (this “Site”) may use a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how you use this Site. A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie can contain information such as a user ID that the website uses to track the pages you have visited. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself e.g.: your name, professional email address and company. A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing this Site, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of this Site if you do so. If you have submitted personally identifiable information through ALLAND & ROBERT website or interactive advertisement, or if someone else has submitted your personally identifiable information through an ALLAND & ROBERT website or interactive advertisement, and you would like to have that information deleted from our marketing databases, please contact us via e-mail at info@allandetrobert.fr. We will remove your personally identifiable information from our files and will send you a confirmation. You may also contact us through either of the above methods to request the personally identifiable information that ALLAND & ROBERT has collected about you through its websites or interactive advertisements. ALLAND & ROBERT will supply you with this information and correct any factual inaccuracies in this information. In other words, browsing with ALLAND & ROBERT On-Line is as safe and convenient as contacting us by phone. That’s our promise to you.
ut venenatis, venenatis in velit, commodo luctus pulvinar adipiscing Praesent Lorem tristiqueWe are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Accept Reject Settings
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 3rd Party CookiesThis website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Enable All Save SettingsLog in Create an accountWould you like to set up a dedicated account ? Please note your information will only be stored to  give you access to our communications. Read our privacy policy for more information Create an account