https://www.tyrolit.at/en/special-pages/footermenu/legal-notice.html
We use cookies to provide the best possible user experience for those who visit our website. By using this website you agree to the placement of cookies. For more details consult our
data protection declarations
Accept & Close
Legal noticeCookiesData Privacy StatementConditions of UseGTCSupplier informationReturn FormB2B Shop
Imprint
TYROLIT Schleifmittelwerke Swarovski KG thanks you for your visit to this website and your interest in our products. You may be requested to provide personal information. Answering these questions is voluntary. All personal details obtained by us on the TYROLIT Schleifmittelwerke Swarovski KG website will be stored and processed exclusively for the purpose of providing you with individual support and sending you product information or service offers. TYROLIT Schleifmittelwerke Swarovski KG gives its assurance that your personal details will be treated in confidence in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation.
All rights reservedText, images, graphics, sound, animations and videos as well as their use on the TYROLIT websites are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. The content of this website may not be copied, distributed, modified or made available to third parties for commercial purposes.
TrademarksUnless otherwise specified, all trademarks on the TYROLIT website are protected by applicable trademark laws. This applies in particular to TYROLIT trademarks, type plates, company logos and emblems.
No liabilityThis website has been created with the greatest possible care. However, Tyrolit - Schleifmittelwerke Swarovski K.G. cannot guarantee the correctness and accuracy of the information it contains. Tyrolit - Schleifmittelwerke Swarovski K.G. accepts no liability for any damages arising directly or indirectly from the use of this website.
Our website also contains links to third-party websites on the Internet. We would like to point out that we have no influence on the design or content of the websites to which links have been included. Neither can we guarantee the currency, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided therein. In the light of this background, we herewith distance ourselves from the contents of these sites. This declaration applies to all the links on our website which lead to external websites and to the information contained therein.
No licenceTyrolit Schleifmittelwerke Swarovski KG would like to provide you with an innovative and informative website. We hope that you will enjoy our website as much as we do. The intellectual property contained in it, such as patents, trademarks and proprietary rights, are protected. This website does not provide any licence for the use of the intellectual property of TYROLIT or of third parties.
Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. However, if IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google will first shorten your IP address within the member states of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address is transferred to a Google server in the United States and shortened there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of analysing your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de). More information regarding the Conditions of Use and data protection can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html and http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/privacyoverview.html. We would like to inform you that Google Analytics has been extended on this website with the code "gat._anonymizeIp();" in order to ensure the anonymous acquisition of IP addresses (IP masking).
Information according to Austrian E-business legislation
Owner: Tyrolit - Schleifmittelwerke Swarovski K.G.Address: Swarovskistrasse 336130 SchwazAustriaTel: +43 (0) 5242-6060Fax +?43 (0) 5242-63398Commercial register number: FN 23414hUID no.: ATU36986605Legal venue: Innsbruck Commercial CourtStone and ceramics industry divisionDVR number: 0003166