http://www.liberty-bank.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip Navigation
Home/ Terms and Conditions
Online Banking Login
Close Login
Online Banking Login
Username:
Password:
Login
Forgotpassword?
Enroll now
Main Content
Terms and Conditions
Important Terms and Conditions Notice
Please read. The following important terms & conditions (the “terms and conditions”) govern your use of Liberty Bank’s websites, including this site and the related online banking site. By using this site or the related online banking site, you are agreeing to these terms & conditions (as amended from time to time). If you do not accept these terms & conditions, please do not make any further use of any Liberty Bank website.
Liberty Bank may revise these terms & conditions from time to time without prior notice. You should visit this page periodically to review these terms & conditions, because they may change from time to time, and are binding on you whenever you use any Liberty Bank website.
Copyright Notices
The works of authorship contained in Liberty Bank’s websites, including but not limited to all design, text, sound recordings, icons and images, are owned, except as otherwise expressly stated, by Liberty Bank or one of its subsidiaries. Except as otherwise expressly stated, the works contained in Liberty Bank’s websites may not be copied, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed (for compensation or otherwise), licensed, altered, framed, stored for subsequent use or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without Liberty Bank’s written consent.
Liberty Bank’s websites are strictly for your own personal noncommercial use. Nothing from a Liberty Bank website may be modified, sold, transferred, or used by you for commercial purposes. Any downloading, printing or copying from a Liberty Bank website must be for your personal use only.
Changes to Information
All information and materials contained in Liberty Bank’s websites, including all terms, conditions and descriptions of products and services, are subject to change without notice. Liberty Bank and participating suppliers may discontinue or make changes in the information, terms, conditions, products or services described in Liberty Bank’s websites at any time. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and Liberty Bank does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. Liberty Bank’s websites may from time to time include typographical errors. You may wish to revisit certain pages of Liberty Bank’s websites from time to time to check for updating changes.
Information contained in Liberty Bank’s websites is not intended to provide any specific legal, accounting, financial, or tax advice for any individual or entity, and should not be relied upon or used for any such purposes.
Products and Services
Not all products and services are available in all geographic areas. Liberty Bank reserves the right to terminate any or all products and services offered through Liberty Bank’s websites at any time without prior notice.
Your eligibility for particular products and services is subject to final determination and acceptance by Liberty Bank or any other entity providing such products or services.
Investment products offered through Raymond James:
Are not obligations of or guaranteed by Liberty Bank
Are not bank deposits or insured by the FDIC and
Are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested
May go down in value
Are not insured by any federal government agency
Electronic Records Disclosure and Agreement
Welcome to Liberty Bank (the “Bank,” “we,” “us,” and “our”). This Electronic Records (ESIGN) Disclosure and Agreement (the “Agreement”) is being provided to each party (“you” or “your”) opening a deposit account(s) (the “Deposit Account(s)”) online with Liberty Bank and/or for your enrollment in online banking (“Online Banking”). When we use the term “Account” in this Agreement it refers to the Deposit Account(s).
Materials You Will Receive Electronically. By providing your consent under this Agreement, you agree that Liberty Bank will provide you with an electronic version (rather than a paper version) of certain documents, notices and disclosures related to Account(s) (the “Materials”). The Materials we will provide to you electronically are:
Disclosures associated with your Deposit Account(s) including but not limited to: (a) our Terms and Conditions of your Account which includes the terms and conditions governing your Deposit Account as well as our “Funds Availability” disclosure which provides you with information regarding when deposits to your Deposit Account(s) are available for withdrawal; (b) our “Electronic Fund Transfer” disclosure, which provides you with information regarding electronic fund transfers to and/or from your Deposit Account(s); (c) our “Truth-in-Savings” disclosure, which provides you with information regarding the rates, and balance requirements associated with your Deposit Account(s); (d) our “Schedule of Fees and Charges” disclosure that provides you with information regarding the fees associated with your Deposit Account(s); (e) periodic, annual, monthly or other Account and/or activity statements, disclosures and notices relating to the maintenance or operation of an Account, product or service, including but not limited to, Account agreements, fee schedules or other disclosures or notices that may be required by the Truth in Savings Act, Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Gramm-Leach -Bliley Act or other applicable federal or state laws and regulations; and (f) any notice or disclosure regarding an Account, product or service fee, including email alerts regarding your Deposit Account.
When opening a Deposit Account online, our Privacy Policy is provided, including both the initial version that you will receive when you open the Account(s), and as applicable, each subsequent provision of the Privacy Policy on an annual basis thereafter;
When opening a Deposit Account online, Materials related to the online application for the Deposit Account;
Any additional disclosures, notices, agreements, or materials that we may be required to provide to you including any disclosures due to changes in either applicable law or our policies;
Certain tax statements or notices that we are required to provide to you, such as annual IRS interest statements; and
Any notices that we may send to inform you of any revisions to any of the items listed above.
This Agreement does not apply to any communications that we determine, in our sole discretion, that we are required to deliver in paper form under applicable law or that you should receive in paper rather than electronic form.
Your Consent is Required. You must consent to receiving these Materials before we can provide them to you electronically. By providing us with your consent, you acknowledge, understand, and agree that:
You are authorized and able to provide the consent for the Account(s);
You are authorized and able to provide consent for enrollment in Online Banking and/or;
If you are opening a joint Deposit Account online, each joint Deposit Account holder has consented to the electronic provision of the Materials.
Paper Copy of Materials.  If you do not want to receive the Materials electronically, you should exit this area of our web site. If you do not consent to receiving an electronic copy of the Materials, you will not be able to open the Account(s) online and/or you will not be able to enroll in Online Banking. If you consent to receive the Materials electronically, you can also request a free paper copy of the Materials by contacting our Customer Service Department by phone at 888-570-0773.
Withdrawing Your Consent.
eStatements.If you later decide you do not want to receive the Materials electronically, you may withdraw your consent by contacting our Customer Service Department by phone at 888-570-0773 or by sending us a secure email from within Online Banking. If you withdraw your consent to receive eStatements, you will receive any notices and communications including any changes to the Materials in paper form via the postal mail service.
Online Banking.If you withdraw your consent to conduct business pursuant to Online Banking, your access to Online Banking will be terminated. We recommend that you cancel any scheduled payments prior to notifying us that you are discontinuing the service.If you close your Deposit Account, or if it is no longer linked to our Online Banking service, any unprocessed payments will be canceled.If you cancel your Online Banking services, transfers outside Liberty Bank will also be canceled.Your Online Banking services will also terminate if you close all accounts linked to your Online Banking profile.To re-enroll, you will need to meet eligibility requirements.
Updating Your Contact Information.  As part of the online Deposit Account opening process and/or your enrollment in Online Banking, you must provide us with your email address. Please be certain that we have your correct and updated email address. If you change your e-mail address, you may provide your new e-mail address to us by contacting our Customer Service Department by phone at 888-570-0773. You can also update your email address, physical mailing address, phone number in Online Banking or by visiting your local branch.  It is your responsibility to ensure that the information you provide to us is true, accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
System Requirements to Access the Information. To receive an electronic copy of the Materials, which will be provided to you in portable document format (“PDF”), you must have the following equipment and software:
You must have a personal computer or other access device, which is capable of accessing the Internet (e.g., you must have a modem and available phone line, a cable Internet connection or some other means of access to the Internet, and you must have an active account with an Internet service provider). Your access to this page verifies that your system meets these requirements.
You must have a valid email account that provides you with the ability to send and retrieve e-mails.
You must have an Internet web browser which is capable of supporting 128-bit SSL encr-ypted communications, which requires the Current Version of an internet browser we support. By “Current Version”, we mean a version of the software that is currently being supported by its publisher. The following Technical Requirements link includes more information on the browsers we currently support and related system requirements:https://www.liberty-bank.com/personal/digital-banking/online-banking#browsers. (Note:If you click on the Technical Requirements link, be sure to return to this page to finish reading this ESIGN Agreement.) Your access to this page verifies that your browser and encryption software meet these requirements.
You must have a current version of Adobe Acrobat Reader to access the Materials provided in PDF. If you do not have Adobe Acrobat Reader it may be downloaded free of charge at https://get.adobe.com/reader/.
System Requirements to Retain the Information. To retain a copy of the Materials being provided to you electronically, you must have sufficient electronic storage space to print or download the Materials. You must have a functioning printer connected to your personal computer or other access device, which is able to print the Materials on plain white 8½ x 11 inch paper.
Systems Enhancements. If the form of the Materials changes so as to require different or additional hardware or software, or upgrades, plug-ins or enhancements to the hardware or software used by you (all such changes referred to as a “Systems Enhancement”), we will notify you and you may either withdraw your consent or upgrade your hardware and/or software as required by the Systems Enhancement. If Liberty Bank determines that the need for a Systems Enhancement creates a material risk that you may not be able to access or retain the Materials electronically, Liberty Bank will notify you and allow you to either: (a) withdraw your consent or (b) re-confirm your consent to receive the Materials in a manner that reasonably demonstrates that you have upgraded your hardware or software to conform to the required Systems Enhancement. If you choose to withdraw your consent, or you fail to re-confirm your consent, Liberty Bank will terminate this Agreement and you will receive the Materials in paper form via the postal mail service thereafter.
Consent. By checking the box below, and clicking Accept, you give your affirmative consent to our providing you the Materials in electronic format. By consenting you further agree that your computer (or other form of access device) satisfies the hardware and software systems requirements specified above and that you have provided us with a current email address as which we may send the electronic Materials to you.
This consent for electronic delivery applies to all required Disclosures and Materials regarding all Deposit Accounts, products, and services you have with us, and is effective until withdrawn by you.  Agreeing to accept Disclosures and Materials electronically means that once we present them to you, and, if required, you accept them, they will apply to you and your Deposit Accounts, products, and services with us.  Your consent to receiving Account information electronically covers all the disclosures, notices, statements and communications regarding your application to open an Account and/or any resulting Account product or service.  Additionally, your consent will apply to subsequent disclosures, notices, statements and communications that we are required or otherwise choose to provide from time to time.
EFFECTIVE DATE: DECEMBER 19, 2018
Hardware and Software
Please be sure you are using the latest version of Internet Explorer, Safari and other Internet browsers and the configuration adheres to security best practices.
Submissions
All information submitted to or received by Liberty Bank through a Liberty Bank website or otherwise through the internet (including through e-mail) shall be deemed to be and remain the property of Liberty Bank. Liberty Bank shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any information any visitor to any Liberty Bank website provides Liberty Bank through the website or otherwise through the internet (including through e-mail). Liberty Bank shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding any submitted information except as expressly agreed by Liberty Bank or as required by law.
Liberty Bank may collect and use the information described below about your Internet connection and usage whenever you visit a Liberty Bank website:
The dates and times that you access a Liberty Bank web site
The web pages you visit
If you link to a Liberty Bank website from other web sites, the address(es) of the other websites
The types and versions of browser and operating systems you use to access a Liberty Bank website
The Internet Service Providers (“ISP”) and Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses from which you access a Liberty Bank website (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web)
The actions you try to perform (for example, downloading a document) and whether you are successful
Liberty Bank may use this information to measure the number of visitors to Liberty Bank’s websites and web pages, and to help make Liberty Bank’s websites more useful.
Privacy and Security
Please keep in mind that messages you send to us by Internet e-mail may not be secure. Do not send us any confidential or personal information (including, e.g., account numbers) by Internet e-mail. Liberty Bank will not be responsible for any damages you may incur if you communicate confidential or personal information to us over the Internet.
Read further information about Liberty Bank's Privacy and Security policies.
Links to Other Sites
Liberty Bank’s websites may contain links to third parties’ websites. These links are provided for convenience purposes only. If you choose to link to such third party websites, Liberty Bank makes no warranties, either expressed, implied or statutory, concerning the content of such websites. Liberty Bank does not warrant that such sites or content are free from any claims of copyright or other infringement or that such websites or content are devoid of viruses or other contamination. Liberty Bank disclaims all liability of any kind whatsoever arising out of your use of, or inability to use such third party websites, the use of your information by such third parties, and the security of information you provide to such third parties. Third party websites are not under the control of Liberty Bank. Links to non-Liberty Bank sites do not imply any endorsement of or responsibility for the opinions, ideas, products, information or services offered at such sites, or any representation regarding the content at such sites. Descriptions of, or references to, products, services, or publications of third parties within any Liberty Bank website do not imply endorsement of any third party’s product, service or publication.
No Warranty
All information and materials contained or accessed in any Liberty Bank website, including text, graphics, links or other items, are provided “as is,” “as available”. Liberty Bank does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the information and materials contained or accessed in any Liberty Bank website, and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in any such information or materials. No warranty of any kind, expressed, implied or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus, is given in conjunction with any information or materials contained or accessed in any liberty bank web site.
Liberty Bank is not responsible in any manner for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, howsoever caused, arising out of use of any Liberty Bank website.
General
These Terms and Conditions are governed by federal law and the substantive laws of the State of Connecticut, without regard to principles of conflict of law or choice of law. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is determined to be void or unenforceable, in whole or in part, by a court having jurisdiction, it shall be severable from all other provisions and shall not affect or impair the validity of any other provisions of these Terms and Conditions. Each provision of these Terms and Conditions is deemed to be separate and distinct. The captions in these Terms and Conditions are for convenience only and are not intended to affect the meaning or interpretation of these Terms and Conditions.
Questions?
If you have any questions, or want further information, you may contact the bank through our Contact Us page on this site or if you prefer to communicate with Liberty Bank by telephone or through the mail, please telephone (888) 570-0773 or write to Chief Marketing Officer, Liberty Bank, 315 Main St., Middletown, CT 06457.
Suggested website links:
Privacy and Security
FDIC Guidance for Online Banking
Equal Credit Opportunity Act Notice
The Federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibits creditors from discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age (provided that the applicant has the capacity to enter into a binding contract); because all or part of the applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. The federal agency that administers compliance with this law concerning this creditor is:  FDIC Consumer Response Center, 1100 Walnut Street, Box #11, Kansas City, MO 64106.
Under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act it is illegal to discriminate in any credit transaction. If you believe you have been discriminated against, you should send a complaint to:
FDIC Consumer Response Center
1100 Walnut St, Box #11
Kansas City, MO 64106
Equal Housing Lender
We do business in accordance with Federal Fair Lending laws. Under the Federal Fair Housing Act, it is illegal, on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, handicap or familial status (having children under the age of 18) to:
Deny a loan for the purpose of purchasing, constructing, improving, repairing or maintaining a dwelling, or deny any loan secured by a dwelling; or
Discriminate in fixing the amount, interest rate, duration, application procedures or other terms or conditions of such a loan, or in appraising property.
If you believe you have been discriminated against, you should send a complaint to:
Assistant Secretary for Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity
Department of Housing & Urban Development
Washington, DC 20410
For processing under the Federal Fair Housing Act and to:
FDIC Consumer Response Center
1100 Walnut St, Box #11
Kansas City, MO 64106
With Liberty Bank, you're going places. In this case, to a different website.
cancel continue
Disclaimer: Links to third party sites are provided for your convenience. These sites are not within the control of Liberty Bank and may not follow the same privacy, security, or accessibility standards as Liberty Bank. Liberty Bank does not warrant any offerings from the third party providers, nor is Liberty Bank responsible for the security, content or availability of any third party sites, or their partners.
Disclaimer: Links to third party sites are provided for your convenience. These sites are not within the control of Liberty Bank and may not follow the same privacy, security, or accessibility standards as Liberty Bank. By accessing the SmartLenders Program via the provided link, you acknowledge the SmartLenders Program is not under the control of Liberty Bank. Liberty Bank does not warrant or endorse any offerings from third party providers, nor is Liberty Bank responsible for the security, content or availability of any third party sites or their partners including SmartLenders or the lenders that may be accessed by you through your use of the SmartLenders Program (the “Lenders”). Under no circumstances will Liberty Bank be responsible for any damages arising from the transactions between you and any Lenders or for any information appearing on SmartLenders’ site.
SmartLenders will provide Liberty Bank with the following information about your application:
applicant name; type of company; email address; loan amount requested; and progress status toward approval and funding.
Liberty Bank may use this information to monitor your experience with SmartLenders and market Liberty’s services to you.