http://www.ryanhomes.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Website Privacy Policy Statement
Ryan Homes is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you have a positive experience on our website. This policy outlines the way we handle your personal
information received from you on Ryan Homes’ websites. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this policy. We encourage
you to read this policy to ensure you understand our privacy practices.
Information Collected by Ryan Homes’ Websites
Ryan Homes may collect your email address via cookies and pixels on the website through the use of trusted third party partners. These partners may combine your email
information with other information they have access to, such as your mailing address, so that Ryan Homes may serve relevant marketing offers to you via direct mail.
If you do not want Ryan Homes to collect information about you, please contact Customer Care at 877-550-7926 to opt out.
Personal information is any information that can be used to identify you as an individual such as your name, email address, mailing address, buying preferences, or
other information required to provide a service you have requested.
Ryan Homes does not collect any information stored on your computer except for the information related to the browsing of Ryan Homes’ websites. However, Ryan Homes does store
information received from the Google Display Ad Network, which estimates a visitor’s general age group, gender, and interests. This information remains strictly
anonymous, and is stored solely for NVR’s internal statistical purposes.
Uses of Your Personal Information
Some of the ways we may use personal information collected from you on our websites include:
Understanding more about you so we can personalize newsletters and websites to your preferences. For example, allowing you the opportunity to request specific information on
products and services that may be of interest to you.
Providing you personalized views of website content areas.
Enabling you to forward information to another individual such as a friend or co-worker (Ryan Homes does not store the personal information of the third party).
Sending you questionnaires or surveys in order for us to provide better products and services to our customers and end users.
Communicating with you about contests, sweepstakes or other marketing promotional activities.
Communicating with you regarding feedback or support questions you may have.
Responding to any recruitment inquiries.
Sharing your personal information
Our general practice is not to sell or rent our customers’ personal information to third-parties for marketing purposes although we reserve the right to do so.
We may share your personal information with our affiliated companies (NVR Mortgage, NVR Settlement Services, NVHomes and Heartland Homes) for the purpose of providing
current or future products or services to you.
Social Media Policies
Ryan Homes does not collect any information stored on your computer except for the information related to the browsing of Ryan Homes’ websites. However, Ryan Homes does store
information received from Facebook, which estimates a visitor’s general age group, gender, and interests. This information remains strictly anonymous, and is stored solely for NVR’s
internal statistical purposes.
Questions?
Hi, I'm Grace
I'm here to help! Just fill out the form below and I'll get back to you quickly.
CONTACT US
First Name *
First Name is required
Last Name *
Last Name is required
Email *
Email is required
Phone Number
Location of Interest *
Location of Interest *
DE - Delaware Beaches
DE - Northern Delaware
FL - Jacksonville
FL - Orlando
FL - Southeast Florida
FL - Tampa
IL - Chicago
IN - Indianapolis
MD - Baltimore
MD - DC Metro
MD - Eastern Shore
MD - Southern Maryland
MD - Western Maryland
NJ - North/Central Jersey
NJ - South Jersey
NY - Buffalo
NY - Rochester
NC - Charlotte
NC - Moyock
NC - Raleigh
OH - Akron
OH - Cincinnati
OH - Cleveland
OH - Columbus
OH - Dayton
PA - Harrisburg
PA - Lehigh Valley
PA - Philadelphia
PA - Pittsburgh
PA - York County
SC - Charleston
SC - Columbia, SC
SC - Greenville, SC
SC - South Charlotte
SC - Spartanburg
TN - Nashville
VA - Charlottesville
VA - DC Metro Virginia
VA - Fredericksburg
VA - Hampton Roads
VA - Northern Virginia
VA - Richmond
VA - South Eastern Virginia
VA - Virginia Beach
VA - Williamsburg
DC - DC Metro
WV - West Virginia
Location of Interest is required
Let me know what you need text box
Send
!Please fill out required fields
When you join our list, you agree to being “in the know” via email – as well as calls & texts if you share your phone number. Messages and data rates may apply.
Thank You
We appreciate your interest and we'll get back to you soon.
Grace
703-440-7715
We're Sorry!
There seems to have been a technical error submitting your information. Please give me a call and I'll help you as best I can.
Grace
703-440-7715