http://www.gbapgh.org/privacy/
Navigation
Home
PrimaryINITIATIVES
International Center of Excellence on High Performance Building
Education and Events
Enviro Social Capital
Green & Healthy Schools Academy
Human Health in the Built Environment
Inspire Speakers Series
Pittsburgh 2030 District
Erie 2030 District
Pittsburgh Green Garage Initiative
Pittsburgh Green Story
Archives
Technical Assistance
EVENTS
Emerald Evening 2020 Virtual Gala
Events Calendar
Social Equity in the Built Environment Series
Health in the Built Environment Series
Inspire Speakers Series
Women+ in Green Calendar of Events
The Sustainability Leadership Lab
RESOURCES
Ask a GBA Expert
Volunteer Opportunities and Community Resources During COVID-19
Green Building
LEED
Green Building Methods
Green Building Certifications, Rating Systems, & Labels
Green Building Professional Accreditations
Green Product Certifications & Labeling Systems
Building Energy Exchange: 2020 High Rise / Low Carbon Report
Financing Support
Education @USGBC
DIRECTORIES
Projects Directory
Certifications & Labels Directory
ABOUT
History
Staff
Jobs
Board of Directors
Regional Green Building Stats
Emerging Professionals
GBA’s 2018-20 Strategic Plan
2019 Annual Report
2019 Pittsburgh 2030 District Progress Report
Pittsburgh Living Future Collaborative
THE LEAFLET
Our Blog
Guest Blog Guidelines
Viride Magazine
MEMBERS & SPONSORS
Become a GBA Member
Membership Directory
Become a Sponsor
Sponsors and Funders
Return to Content
You are here: Home › Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) has changed.  This Policy is effective as of July 1, 2013.
Green Building Alliance, a Pennsylvania nonprofit corporation, strives to ensure that everyone from every socioeconomic background is able to work, live, learn, and play in a healthy and high performing place.  In furtherance of this mission, the Green Building Alliance (hereinafter, “GBA”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) maintains a website and subdomains at www.go-gba.org and www.gbapgh.org (hereinafter, collectively, the “Site”).  The Policy describes the types of information that we gather from users (each, “you”, “your”, or a “User”) of the Site and how we use the information that we gather.
Please read this Policy carefully before accessing the Site as the Policy applies to the Site and all products and services GBA offers on the Site and constitutes an agreement between you and GBA.  By accessing the Site, you signify that you have read this Policy and agree to be bound by it and our Terms and Conditions of Use, which are incorporated herein, available at: http://www.go-gba.org/terms-conditions (the “Terms”).
We may update this Policy and the Terms from time to time.  Please check this Policy periodically for changes.  Each time you use the Site, the current version of the Policy and the Terms will apply.  If you do not agree with the Policy or the Terms, you may not access or otherwise use the Site.
Application of this Policy
This Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site.  It does not apply to information that we may have obtained through other means.
Personal information
Personal information means information that can be linked to a specific individual, such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or credit card information.  Personal information also includes demographic information, such as location or building information, once it is associated with personal information.  We may collect personal information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit the Site, register on the Site, place an order, make a donation, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, or fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on the Site.  Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.  By voluntarily providing personal information, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with the Policy.  If you do not wish to provide the requested personal information or if you do not agree to have us use the personal information for the purposes identified, it is your responsibility to decline to use the portions of the Site for which personal information is requested.  Any User can always refuse to supply personal information, except that this may prevent such User from accessing certain portions of the Site.
Non-personal information
We may collect non-personal information about Users whenever they interact with our Site.  Non-personal information may include the browser name, type of computer, and technical information about Users’ means of connection to the Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.  We use non-personal information to help us develop and improve the Site.
Web browser cookies
You should be aware that when you use our website we may collect information by using ‘cookies’. The Site may use “cookies” to enhance the User experience for transactions and managing your information when registering for events and/or signing up for membership. Some our features, i.e. the member dashboard will not work correctly if you do not have cookies enabled on your browser. Cookies were originally developed to help a web site distinguish a user’s browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences the user previously set.  Our Site similarly uses cookies for record-keeping purposes and to track information about a User.  Each User may choose to set his or her web browser to refuse cookies or to alert him or her when cookies are being sent.  Please consult the documentation for your web browser on how to manage the information gathering and storage aspects of cookies on your computer.  If a User chooses to reject all cookies, please be aware that some parts of the Site may not function properly for that User.
How we use collected information
GBA may collect and use a User’s personal information, and disclose this personal information to GBA’s employees, independent contractors, and agents, for the following purposes:
To improve customer service – Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support your needs more efficiently.
To personalize the User experience – We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on the Site.
To improve the Site – We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments – We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order.
To run a promotion, contest, survey, or other Site feature – We may use the information Users provide to send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails – We may use the email address to respond to a User’s inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.  If a User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, that User will receive emails that may include GBA news, updates, or related product or service information.  If at any time a User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
As required by law – It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information when required by law, such as responses to civil or criminal subpoenas, or other requests by law enforcement personnel, to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, and if in our judgment such circumstances disclosure is required or appropriate.  We may also share personal information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the Terms, or as otherwise required by law.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information.  Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.  However, no means of transmission is 100% secure; while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant its absolute security.  Consequently, when you transmit your personal information to us, you do so at your own risk.
Sharing your personal information
Other than as provided in this Policy, we do not sell, trade, or rent any User’s personal information to other parties.  We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal information regarding visitors and Users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined in this Policy.  We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.
We may share the name of any User who registers as a member by including the User’s name on our list of members posted on the Site.  We may share the name of any User who participates in a contest or program on the Site in order to identify winners or participants.
Children and privacy
The safety of children is very important to us.  The Site is not directed to children under the age of 18.  If a child has provided us with personal information through the Site or otherwise, we ask that a parent or guardian send us an email at the contact information below.
Photo/Video image use consent and release
Participation in or attendance at programs or events sponsored by GBA, Green Schools Academy, or the Pittsburgh 2030 District constitutes the voluntary consent of the participant or attendee: (a) to be photographed, filmed, or videotaped by a GBA employee or representative; and (b) to allow the reproduction and use of all such photographs, digital images, films, and likenesses for publicity purposes in publications, brochures, advertisements, promotional, and marketing materials and all other media venues including the World Wide Web and social media sites, all without further notice or compensation to such participant or attendee who hereby releases to GBA all proprietary rights and copyrights in all such photographs, digital images, films, and likenesses (including negatives, positives and prints), which shall be and remain the property of GBA.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties.  We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site.  A third party placing an advertisement on the Site may place or utilize its own cookie on your browser and may collect non-personal information about your visit to the Site.  These third party sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies, some may have no stated privacy policy, and these policies may be subject to change.  Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s terms and policies.  We are not responsible for the privacy policies or procedures of websites operated by third parties.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, such as Google, who may set cookies.  These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal information about you or others who use your computer.  This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.  This Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Governing law
Any claim relating to the Site shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflict of law provisions.  You and GBA agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of state and federal courts located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Entire agreement
This Policy, together with the Terms, describe and encompass the entire agreement between us and you and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties, and understandings with respect to the Site, the contents, and materials provided by or through the Site, and the subject matter of this Policy.
Changes to this Policy
GBA may update this Policy at any time and without prior notice in GBA’s sole discretion.  When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site.  We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.  Any changes to this Policy will apply to the information collected from the date we posted any revised Policy as well as to existing information we hold, regardless of whether the User actually reviewed the changes.  You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of this Policy
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this Policy.  If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Site.  Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, please contact us at:
Green Building Alliance
33 Terminal Way, Suite 331 Pittsburgh, PA 15219
412-431-0709
info@gbapgh.com
www.go-gba.org
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Become a GBA Member
Become a Sponsor
Donate Today
About Green Building Alliance
Contact
Jobs
Newsroom