https://www.technogym.com/us/terms-of-use/
The site uses its own technical cookies, anonymous third party analytic cookies and third-party cookies that could be used in profiling: in accessing any element/area of the site outside of this banner, you consent to receiving cookies. If you want to know more or refuse consent to cookies, click here.
OK
(800) 804-0952
Call our Consultants on
(800) 804-0952
Monday to Friday8:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST
Call us
Contacts
Stores
Support
About us
Newsroom
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Change country
Africa
Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Congo - Brazzaville
Congo - Kinshasa
Côte d’Ivoire
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Helena
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Swaziland
São Tomé and Príncipe
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Antarctica
Antarctica
Bouvet Island
French Southern Territories
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Asia
Afghanistan
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Bhutan
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Cambodia
China
Christmas Island
Cocos [Keeling] Islands
Georgia
Hong Kong SAR China
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Israel
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lebanon
Macau SAR China
Malaysia
Maldives
Mongolia
Myanmar [Burma]
Nepal
Oman
Pakistan
Palestinian Territories
Philippines
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
South Korea
Sri Lanka
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Turkmenistan
United Arab Emirates
Uzbekistan
Vietnam
Yemen
Europe
Albania
Austria
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Faroe Islands
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Guernsey
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Isle of Man
Italy
Jersey
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Vatican City
Åland Islands
North america
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Costa Rica
Curaçao
Dominica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Jamaica
Martinique
Mexico
Montserrat
Netherlands Antilles
Nicaragua
Panama
Puerto Rico
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
U.S. Virgin Islands
United States
Oceania
American Samoa
Australia
Cook Islands
Fiji
French Polynesia
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Pitcairn Islands
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
Tuvalu
U.S. Minor Outlying Islands
Vanuatu
Wallis and Futuna
South america
Argentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Ecuador
Falkland Islands
French Guiana
Guyana
Paraguay
Peru
Suriname
Uruguay
Terms and conditions of Use
ATTENTION: This terms and conditions of use (the “TOS”) applies to the entire contents of the Website under the domain www.technogym.com/us (the “Website”) and to any correspondence by e-mail between us and you. Please read these TOS carefully before using the Website. Using the Website indicates that you accept these terms regardless of whether or not you choose to register with us. If you do not accept these TOS, do not use the Website. This notice is issued by Technogym S.p.A., a company construed and existing under the laws of Italy, with registered offices at via Calcinaro n. 2861, 47521 Cesena (FC), registration no. VAT 06250230965 (the “Company”).
Introduction
You may access most areas of the Website without registering your details with us. Certain areas of the Website are only open to you if you register.
By accessing any part of the Website, you shall be deemed to have accepted these TOS in full. If you do not accept the TOS in full, you must leave the Website immediately.
The Company may revise this legal notice at any time by updating this posting. You should check the Website from time to time to review the then current TOS, because it is binding on you. Certain provisions of the TOS may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at the Website.
Licence
You are permitted to print and download extracts from the Website [for your own use] on the following basis:
no documents or related graphics on the Website are modified in any way;
no graphics on the Website are used separately from the corresponding text; and
the Company's copyright and trade mark notices and this permission notice appear in all copies.
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and other intellectual property rights in all material on the Website (including without limitation photographs and graphical images) are owned by the Company or licensed to the Company by its legitimate owners and licensors. For the purposes of this legal notice, any use of extracts from the Website other than in accordance with section for any purpose is prohibited. If you breach any of the terms in this legal notice, your permission to use the Website automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed extracts from the Website.
No part of the Website may be reproduced or stored in any other website or included in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service without the Company's prior written permission.
Any rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved.
Service access
While the Company endeavours to ensure that the Website is normally available, the Company shall not be liable if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Access to the Website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond the Company's control.
Visitor material and conduct
Other than personally identifiable information, which is covered under our  Privacy Policy , any material you transmit or post to the Website shall be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. The Company shall have no obligations with respect to such material. The Company and its designees shall be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use such material and all data, images, sounds, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from the Website any material:
that is threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, seditious, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, menacing, scandalous, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy or which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to anyone; or
for which you have not obtained all necessary licences and/or approvals; or
which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise be contrary to the law of or infringe the rights of any third party, in any country in the world; or
which is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data).
You may not misuse the Website (including, without limitation, by hacking).
The Company shall fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing the Company to disclose the identity or locate anyone posting any material in breach of the law and/or of the TOS.
Links to and from other websites
Links to third party websites on the Website are provided solely for your convenience. If you use these links, you leave the Website. The Company has not reviewed all of these third party websites and does not control and is not responsible for these websites or their content or availability. The Company therefore does not endorse or make any representations or warrants anything about them, or any material found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the Website, you do so entirely at your own risk.
If you would like to link to the Website, you may only do so on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, the home page of the Website, and subject to the following conditions:
you  do not remove, distort or otherwise alter the size or appearance of the Technogym logo;
you do not create a frame or any other browser or border environment around the Website;
you do not in any way imply that the Company is endorsing any products or services other than its own;
you do not misrepresent your relationship with the Company nor present any other false information about the Company;
you do not otherwise use any Technogym trade marks displayed on the Website without express written permission from the Company;
you do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and
your website does not contain content that is distasteful, offensive or controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or otherwise does not comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
The Company expressly reserves the right to revoke the right granted hereunder for breach of these terms and to take any action it deems appropriate.
You shall fully indemnify the Company for any loss or damage suffered by the Company or any of its group companies for breach of this provision.
Registration
Each registration is for a single user only. The Company does not permit you to share your user name and password with any other person nor with multiple users on a network.
Responsibility for the security of any passwords issued rests with you.
Your personal data will be processed in accordance with the Company's Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
While the Company endeavours to ensure that the information on the Website is correct and updated, the Company does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the material on the Website. The Company may make changes to the material on the Website, or to the products and prices described in it, at any time without notice. The material on the Website may be out of date, and the Company makes no commitment to update such material.
The material on the Website is provided "as is", without any conditions, warranties or other terms of any kind. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company provides you with the Website on the basis that the Company excludes all representations, warranties, conditions and other terms (including, without limitation, the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill under any jurisdictions which, but for this legal notice, might have effect in relation to the Website).
Liability
The Company, any other party (whether or not involved in creating, producing, maintaining or delivering the Website), and any of the Company's group companies and the officers, directors, employees, shareholders or agents of any of them, exclude all liability and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that may result to you or a third party (including without limitation, any direct, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damages, or any loss of income, profits, goodwill, data, contracts, use of money, or loss or damages arising from or connected in any way to business interruption, and whether in tort (including without limitation negligence), contract or otherwise) in connection with the Website in any way or in connection with the use, inability to use or the results of use of the Website, any websites linked to the Website or the material on such websites, including but not limited to loss or damage due to viruses that may infect your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing the Website or your downloading of any material from the Website or any websites linked to the Website.
Nothing in this legal notice shall exclude or limit the Company's liability for:
death or personal injury caused by negligence; or
fraud; or
misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter; or
any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
If your use of material on the Website results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment, software or data, you assume all costs thereof.
Governing law and jurisdiction
This legal notice shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Italian laws. Disputes arising in connection with this legal notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Italian courts with venue in Milan.
Technogym Image Bank on Marketing Support
By entering the Technogym Image Bank on Marketing Support and downloading the photographic images stored in this website (the “Images”) you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (the “T&C”). If you do not accept or agree with these T&C do not download or access the Images from the Technogym website. The Images are provided under the following T&C that state what you may and may not do with them and contains limitations on warranties and remedies.
Terms and conditions for use of the images
Technogym does not sell any of the Images but rather grants license to use them for limited usage.
The Images are copyrighted and remain the full property of Technogym and/or its licensors, including the authors and the persons depicted, which continue to own the intellectual property rights or any other rights in the Images.
You may not sell, transfer, assign or sub-license any Image to a third party. You may not make any type of copy, digital or printed, with the intent of re-licensing or reselling the Image. Only you are permitted to use the Images. Any additional person who wish to use the Images must register and download it from the Technogym website by adhering to these T&C.
Upon these T&C you are granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Images limited to the following purposes: direct mailing, leaflets, printed materials to dress the club, banners and posters (i.e. P.O.P.), everything for internal use only. You are also licensed to use the image on your social networks. Unless the activity is expressly permitted, you are not allowed to do it unless you submit to Technogym a proper request for authorization to use the Images by sending an e-mail to the following address: marketingsupport@technogym.com . In this event, you will be allowed to use the Images for the purposes described in your request only upon Technogym’s express approval and such right to use the Image is accorded only for a single, unique use, to the exclusion of all other simultaneous or posterior use not expressly requested and authorized.
You may not do anything with the Images that is not expressly permitted. For greater certainty, you may not: (a) use the Images in design template applications for resale; (b) display the Images to induce sales of “print on demand” products, such as postcards, t-shirts, posters and other items; (c) use the Images in any items for resale; (d) use the Images or any part thereof as part of a trademark, design-mark or logo; (e) incorporate the Images in any product that results in a re-distribution of the Images; (f) use the Images in a fashion that is considered by Technogym S.p.A. (acting reasonably) as pornographic, obscene, defamatory or libellous in nature; (g) use any Image that depicts a person in a potentially sensitive subject matter, including, but not limited to mental and physical health issues, social issues, contraband or crime; (h) remove any notice of copyright, trade-mark or other proprietary right from any place where it appears on or in the Image or its accompanying materials; (i) post a copy of the Images on a network server or web server for use by other users.
Technogym authorizes You to use the Image/s, according to your request, at no charge as long as you conform to the present T&C and to any supplementary restrictions which Technogym may impose at any time. Technogym reserves the right to modify the present conditions and to impose additional conditions on the authorization for the use of the Images. Technogym can revoke the authorization at any time after having given reasonable notice of its intention to do so.
In case of non-respect of any one of the present T&C, Technogym can revoke the authorization for the use of the Image/s with immediate effect, without prejudice to any other recourse. In the case of revocation of the authorization for the use of the Image by Technogym you agree to return to Technogym, without delay, all examples or copies of the photo in your possession or, should that not be reasonably possible taking into account the nature of the medium used, to destroy them and to certify their destruction to Technogym in writing.
Some of the rights in the Images are limited in point of time. The duration of the licensed rights is stipulated in relation to the specific image when ready for download. Technogym reserves the right to revoke the use of such Images at any time for any reason, including expiration of the original use rights on any of the Images. Upon notice, sent to the address or contact information provided by you at the time the Image was downloaded, or such other address as you may advise us in writing and/or by e-mail, the license for the relevant Image terminates. You agree not to use the Images for which the rights have terminated and to take all reasonable steps to discontinue use of such Image.
You, as user of any Images contained on the Technogym Marketing Support, accept any and all liability arising from such use. Technogym makes no representation or warranty with reference to the Images in its Technogym Image Bank on Marketing Support. You agree to indemnify and hold Technogym harmless against any and all claims, costs and expenses whatsoever, including attorney’s fees, arising from any use of an Image.
THE IMAGES AND ACCOMPANYING MATERIALS (IF APPLICABLE) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TECHNOGYM DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE IMAGES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT ITS USE OR DOWNLOAD WILL BE ERROR FREE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL TECHNOGYM OR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, PARTNERS, DISTRIBUTORS OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIM, LOSS, DAMAGE, ACTION, SUIT OR OTHER PROCEEDING ARISING UNDER OR OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION YOUR USE OF, RELIANCE UPON, ACCESS TO, OR EXPLOITATION OF THE IMAGES, OR ANY PART THEREOF, OR ANY RIGHTS GRANTED TO YOU HEREUNDER, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER THE ACTION IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), INFRINGEMENT OF INTELELCTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHERWISE.
You agree to pay and be responsible for any and all sales taxes, use taxes, value added taxes and duties imposed by any jurisdiction as a result of the license granted to you, or of your use of the Images pursuant to these T&C.
These T&C are governed by the laws of the Republic of Italy without reference to conflicts of laws principles. These T&C will not be governed by the United Nations convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.
You consent to service of any required notice or process upon you by e-mail, registered mail or overnight courier with proof of delivery notice, addressed to the address or contact information provided by you at the time of your registration on the Technogym website or at the time the Image was downloaded, or such other address as you may advise us in writing to use, from time to time.
All disputes arising out of, under or in connection with these T&C, including without limitation, its validity, interpretation, performance and breach, shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Italian courts. The parties irrevocably agree that all disputes will be settled exclusively by reference to the judge of the Court based in Bologna, Italy save that you hereby agree that (a) Technogym shall have the right to sue to recover any amounts due to it under these T&C in any jurisdiction in which you are operating or have assets and (b) Technogym may commence legal proceedings in any jurisdiction in connection with the enforcement or protection of its intellectual property rights owned by Technogym.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT IT IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU ANDTECHNOGYM, WHICH SUPERSEDES ANY PROPOSAL OR PRIOR AGREEMENT, ORAL OR WRITTEN, AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATION BETWEEN YOU AND TECHNOGYM RELATING TO THE USE OF THE IMAGES WITHIN THE TECHNOGYM IMAGE BANK ON MARKETING SUPPORT.
Call us
Chat
Write us
Chat
How could we help you?
Commercial support
Logistics support
Technical support
All our operators are currently busy
Try again in a few minutes, or write us a message and we'll get back to you as soon as possible
Write a message
The chat will be available again soon
The chat is active at these times:
Monday to Friday8:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST
You can also write us a message: we will reply as soon as possible
Write a message
Call us
(800) 804-0952
Monday to Friday8:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST
Or book a telephone appointment
Book an appointment
Chat
How could we help you?
Commercial support
Logistics support
Technical support
All our operators are currently busy
Try again in a few minutes, or write us a message and we'll get back to you as soon as possible
Write a message
The chat will be available again soon
The chat is active at these times:
Monday to Friday8:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST
You can also write us a message: we will reply as soon as possible
Write a message
Call us
(800) 804-0952
Monday to Friday8:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST
Or book a telephone appointment
Book an appointment
Write us
I agree to the Technogym Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Subscribe
I agree to the Technogym Terms of Use and Privacy Policy