https://www.empowermx.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The team at EmpowerMX values your business and respects your personal information and your privacy. Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to: a first and last name; email address; a home, postal or other physical address or other contact information; title, birth date, gender, occupation, industry, or personal interests; and other information necessary to provide a service that you requested.
When you send us email, view a demo, request information, submit a request for technical support, or register for a service through our website, you will sometimes be asked to provide information about yourself. This is collected only to help us serve you, and will be used only for that purpose.
Like many other web sites, EmpowerMX web servers log basic information ab out visits to our web site. Typical web log data consists of the date and time the request was made, the IP address the request originated from, the resource that was requested from the site, and which web browser is being used; other common fields may also be logged. This information does not specifically include user identifiable information; however the IP address of originating request is logged. We reserve the right to use this aggregated log data in reports and graphs; we may show these reports and graphs to third parties, possibly as part of our sales and marketing efforts. We do not sell our log data.
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us at b2b@empowermx.com
Speak with an expert
Airlines
MRO
Defense
Resources
Company
Contact
© 2020 empowermx
|
All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. By clicking the accept button, you are giving your consent for us to set cookies. Privacy Policy I accept DeclinePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.