http://www.floridasnatural.com/legal
Skip to main content
Our Juices
Full Product Line
Recipes
Fresh Inspiration
About
The Florida’s Natural Story
Fresh Facts
Raise Your OJ IQ
Where to Buy
Grocers Near You
Legal
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: April 8, 2020; Last Updated: April 8, 2020
At Citrus World, Inc. (“us,” “we,” “our,” or “Citrus World”), we want you to know how we collect, use, share and protect information about you. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information we may receive or collect when you use our website (“sites”), mobile or social media applications (“apps”) and any other services where we include an authorized link or reference to this Privacy Policy (together, the “Services”). By using the sites, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may change or add to this Privacy Policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically.
1. What Information Do We Collect?
We may collect identifiers and contact information. For example, we may collect your name and street address if you register on our site or apps. We may also collect your phone number or email address.
We may collect payment information. If you make purchases with us, we (or our business partners who process credit cards for us) may collect your billing information, including your billing address.
We may collect information you submit or otherwise authorize us to collect. We may collect the information you post in a public space on our site or on our social media channels. This includes comments and videos or photos. We may also collect any other information you may provide to us or otherwise authorize us to collect.
We may collect demographic information and information about your interests. We may collect information such as your gender and age, household or lifestyle information, and your zip code.
We may collect internet and electronic network activity information, such as device and usage information. We may collect information about the browser you are using, and may look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. We may also collect information about your operating system, Internet Service Provider (ISP) information and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and other device identifiers, such as mobile device identifiers. In addition, we may collect information about your use of our Services, including through use of tracking technologies such as cookies.
We collect geographic location information. Using technologies such as GPS or Wi-Fi, we may collect information about your location.
2. How Do We Collect Information?
You provide it to us. We collect information you enter on our digital platforms or give us in other ways (e.g. when you order on floridasnaturalgrovehouse.com or contact us through our sites).
We collect information from you through tracking tools. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and mobile device IDs to collect information when you use the Services. We do this on our sites, in emails that we send to you, and in media advertising. We collect information about usage and browser information over time.
Third parties may also share information about you with us. For example, our business partners may give us information about you. We may receive information from commercial sources such as companies who compile information about shoppers and their preferences. Social media platforms may also give us information about you and we may get information about your interactions with our ads on third-party sites. For example, if you interact with us through a social media service, depending on your social media settings, we may have access to your information from that social network such as your name, email address, friend list, photo, age, gender, location, birthday, current city, and your comments about our Services.
3. How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
We use information to help us effectively provide you products and services. Most of the information we collect about you is used in the aggregate, to assist us in providing you with products and services. We may use your personal information to respond to your questions, or enable you to participate in our programs, or to provide you with requested products, services or information. We may use your information to process orders from you. We may also contact you about products and services you have requested.
We use information to improve our products and services. We may use your information to improve your experience with our sites, apps and products.
We use information for security purposes. We may use your information to help protect you, our sites and apps, our company, our customers, and our consumers.
We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might send you information about products, offers, features or updates. We might also use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. We may provide you with information through email or push notifications.
We use information as the law allows us or as we may notify you. For example, where use of your information is necessary to comply with laws and regulations such as those relating to complying with requests from government bodies or courts, or responding to litigation, we will use the information needed.
4. How Do We Share Your Information?
We share information within the Citrus World family of companies and brands. This may include current and future Citrus World subsidiaries, affiliates, and joint venture partners. This may also include current brands such as Florida’s Natural, Bluebird, Citrus World Vintage, BigTex, Texsun, and Growers’ Pride; and any and all other brands.
We share information with our business partners and third-party vendors. Your information will be used by us as described in this Privacy Policy and by business partners as described in their respective policies. We may also share information with companies who serve as our vendors or third parties who perform services on our behalf. They may help us deliver products or services to you. We may share information with companies who operate our sites and apps or who run our promotions. We do not sell consumer information we collect to third parties.
We will share information if we think we must in order to comply with the law or to protect our company. For example, we may share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share information if a governmental agency or investigatory body requests it. This includes United States and non-United States law enforcement or regulatory authorities. We may also share information to help protect you, our sites and apps, our company, our customers and our consumers. We may also share information if we are investigating potential fraud.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold, or is involved in a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, we may include your information as part of the transaction.
5. How We Protect Your Information?
We maintain organizational, technical and physical safeguards to help protect the information we collect and/or use. These safeguards vary depending upon a variety of factors including the sensitivity of the information we collect and use. Despite all reasonable practices, no security method is infallible.
6. How Long We Keep Your Information?
We will keep your information only for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes described above, unless a longer retention is required or permitted by law. We may delete or de-identify your information sooner if we receive a verifiable deletion request, subject to exemptions under applicable law. The retention period that applies to your information may vary depending on the Services you use and how you interact with them, as well as your location and requests we receive from you.
7. Children’s Privacy
It is not our intention to collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 in the United States or 16 in the European Union or where we have actual knowledge a child is under such ages. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think that your child under 13 in the United States or under 16 in the European Union has given us information, you can contact us at citrusworldinc.com/industry/contact-us and we will take appropriate steps. You can also write to us at the address listed in Section 13 below. Please use “COPPA Information Request” in the subject line.
8. California “Shine the Light” Law
If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time per year for information about our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. To make a request, please contact us at citrusworldinc.com/industry/contact-us or write to the address listed in Section 13 below.
9. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
The CCPA applies to residents of California. In this section, we provide a list of categories of personal information as set forth in the CCPA that have been collected, disclosed for business purposes, or sold for commercial purposes (as defined by the CCPA) during the preceding 12 months, as well as certain other information. Please see the other sections of the Privacy Policy for additional information and context.
Category of Personal Information
Explanation
Identifiers, such as your name, street address, phone number, IP address or email address
We may use this information to respond to your questions, to enable you to participate in our programs, to process your registration with sites and apps, and for other business purposes.
Commercial information, such as a record of your purchases
We may use this information to respond to your questions, to enable you to participate in our programs, to process your registration with sites and apps, and for other business purposes.
Internet and electronic network activity information, such as information about your interactions with your services
We may use this information to improve our Services, to better understand the visitors who come to our sites and what content is of interest to them, and for other business purposes.
Precise geographic location information, using technologies such as GPS or Wi-Fi
We may use information to improve the quality, security and relevance of our Services to our visitors and for other business purposes.
Precise geographic location information, using technologies such as GPS or Wi-Fi
We may use information to improve the quality, security and relevance of our Services to our visitors and for other business purposes.
Inferences about you
We may use this information to personalize your experience with us, and for other business purposes.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as your gender
We may use this information for our equal employment opportunity program, and for other business purposes.
Precise geographic location information, using technologies such as GPS or Wi-Fi We may use information to improve the quality, security and relevance of our Services to our visitors and for other business purposes.
Inferences about you We may use this information to personalize your experience with us, and for other business purposes. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as your gender We may use this information for our equal employment opportunity program, and for other business purposes.
As discussed in other sections of this Privacy Policy, we collect this type of information from you, through our interactions with you and others, and from third parties, and we disclose those categories of personal information within the Citrus World family of companies and brands, to business partners and third-party vendors that provide us hosting, advertising, and other services, and as needed to comply with legal process. Your personal information may also be shared with third parties with whom you interact and third parties that you direct us to share your information with through our Services.
We share personal information with third parties in various ways as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. We do not consider the ways we share your personal information to comprise the sale of your information. You may learn about ways in which you can control the collection of information about you through cookies, mobile device IDs, and other tracking tools by third parties by contacting us at citrusworldinc.com/industry/contact-us.
California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. If you are a California resident, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales under California law by contacting us at citrusworldinc.com/industry/contact-us. Please use “California Do Not Sell” in the subject line. Note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. Once verified, we will maintain your request in the event our practices change.
If you would like to use an agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. Subject to applicable law, you may have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights over your personal information.
10. Nevada Residents
Citrus World does not engage in the following activity, however Nevada law requires us to post the following: certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “covered information” for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information. “Covered information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online.
If you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from Citrus World, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales under Nevada law by contacting us at citrusworldinc.com/industry/contact-us. Please use “Nevada Do Not Sell” in the subject line. Note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. Once verified, we will maintain your request in the event our practices change.
11. Global Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Privacy
The GDPR applies to residents of Europe. In accordance with the GDPR, you have the right to request from us any personal information we have retained about you and the right to request that we delete such information and stop sending you communications, or that we correct any personal information that you believe is not accurate. Please contact us with any questions as set forth in Section 13 of this Privacy Policy.
12. Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes to our practices or the law. We will make the revised Privacy Policy Accessible through the Service. Please check the Services periodically for updates.
The date at the top of the Privacy Policy tells you when it was last updated. If we make material changes to the way we collect or use your information, you will be provided with appropriate notice, including by, but not limited to, posting the updated Privacy Policy on this website, and providing notice in accordance with legal requirements. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective on the date the revised Privacy Policy is posted. By continuing to use the Service following any changes to this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge you have read and understand the updated Privacy Policy, and you understand that we may collect, use and share information as stated therein.
13. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or our data practices, please contact us at citrusworldinc.com/industry/contact-us to submit your question. You may also email us at consumeraffairs@citrusworld.com. You can also write to us or call us at:
Citrus World, Inc.
20205 US Hwy 27
Lake Wales, FL 33853
(888) 657-6600
© 2020
Citrus World, INC. All Rights Reserved
What’s with the White Caps?
In order to keep your local grocer stocked with delicious Florida’s Natural orange juice, we’ve moved from our signature orange-slice cap to an all-white cap.
This temporary move is driven by our cap supplier streamlining production to meet increased demand during Covid-19.
However, rest assured that the Florida’s Natural orange juice behind the white cap is the same delicious juice, made by Florida farmers, from only 100%
Florida oranges.
We’ll return to our iconic orange-slice caps in just a few weeks, as soon as our supplier catches up with demand.
The Farmers of Florida’s Natural
Read More