http://www.petrasoap.com/privacy-policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Petra Co. Privacy and Cookie Notice
Effective January 1, 2017
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Protecting your privacy is critically important. Therefore, we provide this notice to explain our digital information practices and to outline your options for how your information is gathered and used. So this notice is easily found, it’s available on our homepage and each page personal or identity-related information might be inputted.
Information We Collect
This notice is applicable to all information submitted or otherwise collected at www.petra-1.com, the PetrA-1, LP, website. On our site you may make requests, order products, and sign up for email promotions and/or newsletters. The personal data gathered at this site may include your:
Name
Mailing Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Credit Card information
How We Use Information
We use the information provided about you or any other recipient when you order, only to complete the order you’ve placed. This information is never shared with third parties, except as necessary to complete your order, ship, and confirm delivery of the product.
We collect identity-related information for billing, anticipating and resolving account problems, or creating and informing you about programs and products that might better meet your needs. PetrA-1, LP, may use your information to directly market new programs or products we think will interest you, but we do not disclose your information to any third parties for marketing purposes.
We use the information provided about you or any other recipient when you order, only to complete the order you’ve placed. This information is never shared with third parties, except as necessary to complete your order, ship, and confirm delivery of the product.
We collect identity-related information for billing, anticipating and resolving account problems, or creating and informing you about programs and products that might better meet your needs. PetrA-1, LP, may use your information to directly market new programs or products we think will interest you, but we do not disclose your information to any third parties for marketing purposes.
If you receive any communication from PetrA-1:
Your mailing or email address and phone or fax number may be listed as your having shared it expressly for receiving future information ("opt-in").
You may have purchased or registered a product or have another existing relationship with us. We control the frequency of our communications out of respect for your time and attention.
We also use aggregated, non-identifying information, such as subpages’ view rates, to improve our website design as needed.
We never use or share personal or identity-related data in any way other than described previously without also offering an opt-out opportunity or otherwise strictly prohibiting such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized data access and to ensure accuracy and correct use of information, we have established appropriate electronic, physical, and managerial methodologies to safeguard information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Children’s privacy is especially important to us. We never seek to collect or retain information from visitors we know are under 13 years old, and our website is not structured to attract that demographic.
Access or Correct Your Information
You may access all your personal or identity-related information collected and maintained in the PetrA-1, LP, database. By creating an account on www.petra-1.com, you may update your information or correct any errors by sending us a credible request. For your security, before allowing access or corrections, we shall take reasonable action to verify your identity.
Revisions to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make Privacy Policy amendments at any time, for any reason, without notice other than posting the Privacy Policy currently in effect and any changes made to it on the website. Provisions therein supersede all prior policies or notices regarding privacy practices governing use of this website and services.
Privacy Terms and Conditions
In use of this website, you duly agree to terms and conditions within our Privacy Policy. Otherwise, you should not use any PetrA-1, LP, website, services, or benefits. You thereby agree any dispute over privacy or terms of our Privacy Policy will be governed by the laws of the State of California. Any legal action or proceedings related to your use of this website or this Privacy Policy shall be instituted in court in the State of California. You thereby agree to the propriety and jurisdiction of the venue of these courts.
Google Ad Network and Other Third-Party Advertising
PetrA-1, LP, employs remarketing for online advertisement. As such, online display ads may appear regarding special offers or events from our company and partners. Therefore, third-party vendors (including Google) may serve our ads on other sites, using cookies from your prior visits to our website. Visit Google's Ads Preferences Manager to opt out of their targeted advertising.
While you browse petra-1.com, cookies to track subscribers' behavior will be temporarily stored on your computer. AdRoll, our display advertising partner, thereby enables us to present retargeting advertising to you on other sites. This method does not include the collection of personal information (name, email, mailing address, or telephone number). Visit this AdRoll Page to opt out of their targeted advertising.
Contact Us
If you should have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact PetrA-1 by calling 1-866-334-3702 or visiting www.petra-1.com.
To top