https://www.crownlaboratories.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
Your privacy is important to us
Last Modified and Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Crown Laboratories, Inc. and its United States related, affiliated, or subsidiary companies, (collectively, “Crown,” “we,” or “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy, building solid business relationships, and maintaining your trust.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information Crown may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit any of our websites, including www.crownlaboratories.com, www.crownaesthetics.com, www.bluelizardsunscreen.com, www.sulfolosoap.com, www.mineralicegel.com, www.panoxyl.com, www.sarnalotion.com, www.desenex.com, www.zeasorb.com, www.skinpen.com, www.allumera.com, www.kerilotion.com, www.progenprp.com, www.vitaliberata.com, www.nkdskn.com,
however accessed (collectively, the “Site”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, and disclosing that information.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will handle it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Site. By accessing or using our Site, you agree to the privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Policy.
The information contained within this Privacy Policy strictly applies to the collection and use of information by Crown on this website. It does not apply to any of the information you may send to us by other means.
California Residents: You may be provided with additional rights regarding the use of your personal information. To learn more about those rights, see Crown’s Privacy Notice for California Consumers.
Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
We will post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page with a notice that the Privacy Policy has been modified on the Site home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
Information Collected From and About You
The information we collect from you varies, depending on the way you use our Site. It is highly possible you may browse our site without submitting any personal information, but where we require that you provide us with your personal information, we will indicate what information is required in order to provide you with the product or service you have requested.
We collect several types of personal information from and about you when you use our Site, which may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, credit or debit card information when you request a product or service.
We may also request information from you in order to learn more about and improve our products and services.
We collect personal information such as your name, address, e-mail, phone number, demographic information, and military status when you apply for employment with us through this Site.
In addition, we may collect information relating to your education and employment history when you submit that information as part of an employment application.
Not all requested information is required, however, and we specifically indicate what information is required in order to submit your employment application.
Other Information We Collect
Besides the information you choose to submit, our systems collect certain types of data automatically. This information gives us insight on how our Site is being used, as well as helps us understand how we may improve it in the future and does not necessarily individually identify you. We may collect information about your device, operating system, web browser, ISP, IP address, advertising identifiers, click activity, referring website, or location information, to better serve you as a customer. We may also collect information through cookies or other similar tracking technology to provide you with a personalized buying experience, facilitate our marketing efforts, or analyze how we can best provide you targeted information or promotions. This typically entails automatically gathering data such as any of the content you view on our website.
How Your Information Is Used
We use the information we collect on this Site to deliver our products and services to you, to customize your online experience on our Site, and to improve the Site and our products and services. Examples of how we may use your information are below.
Communicate with you about our products or services or respond to your requests for information
Provide you with information about goods or services that may interest you
Present more relevant display advertisements, and share promotional events
Manage our product offerings, and assess the effectiveness of our marketing efforts
Analyze and improve the functionality of our Site
Improve our business and/or to better serve you
Prevent, detect, or investigate security concerns, including fraud
Comply with applicable laws, regulations, or industry requirements
Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it or consent
If you provide us your personal information in connection with an employment opportunity, we use that information to primarily fulfill your request to be considered for employment with us and to improve our Site.
We may also use that information to contact you about a position for which you applied or another position which may interest you.
We may also contact you about future employment opportunities with us.
If you no longer wish to be considered for employment with us, please contact us through one of the methods below.
How We Share Your Information
We may share your information for our business purposes, examples of which are below.
We may share information with third parties if you give us consent or permission to share the information.
We may share information with third parties who perform functions on our behalf, including support service providers, such as Site hosting, marketing analysis, email and postal delivery, product and service delivery, analytics services, or other functions.
We may share information in accordance with a business transaction. If we engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, other business transaction, we may share information subject to confidentiality arrangements.
We may share information to prevent, detect, or investigate security concerns, including fraud.
We may share information to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or industry requirements.
We may share your information with law enforcement if required by law or in order to prevent fraud or other potential wrongdoing.
We may share your personal information with our business affiliates and/ or business partners so that they may provide you information about products and services that may interest you.
We do not share your personal information with other non-affiliated third party companies for those companies to market their services or products to you
We may disclose or share your personal information in connection with an employment application to verify the information you provide
We may share de-identified or aggregated information collected from our Site with our affiliates or third parties to improve our products and services or our Site or for any other business purpose.
Control Over and Access to Your Personal Information
We enable you to have access to and control over the accuracy of your personal information.
You can access and update your personal information at any time by contacting us via a method described under “Contact Us” below.
You can also request to have your personal information deleted at any time by contacting us via the same means.
Use of “Cookies” and Other Technologies
This Cookie Policy describes how and why Crown Laboratories, Inc., and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Crown”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) uses cookies, web beacons, pixels, clear gifs, and other similar tracking technologies (collectively, “Cookies” unless otherwise indicated) on our website or applications, however accessed (collectively, the “Site”).
It also explains what Cookies are and your choices regarding Cookies.
Through your continued use of our Site, you indicate that you agree to our use of Cookies as described in this Cookie Policy.
What are Cookies?
Cookies
A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to and store on your browser or device. A cookie is useful for having the browser remember specific information across several pages or between visits to a website.
Other Tracking Technologies
Other tracking technologies work like cookies by placing small elements of data on your device.
Those include:
Web Beacons or Clear gifs
Web beacons, which are also known as clear gifs, are small graphic images or web programming code that may be included in our Site’s pages and can track the actions of the visitor on that Site page.
Embedded Script
An embedded script is a programming code that collects information about your interactions with the Site such as the links you click on.
It is only active while you are on the Site and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
How do we use Cookies?
We use Cookies on our Site to identify you and track your use of the Site, remember your preferences, enable advertisement delivery to you, enable certain Site functions, and perform analytics.
We use both session and persistent Cookies.
Session cookies are temporary and last only until you close your browser.
Persistent cookies remain on your device until you delete them.
We also use both first and third-party Cookies.
First party Cookies are those that we use and control in order to provide our Site and the goods and services on our Site.
Third party Cookies are controlled by third parties, mostly for advertising and analytics.
More specifically, our Site offers the following category of Cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These are Cookies that are necessary to the operation of our Site to provide the services and features you request.
These Cookies allow us to recognize that you have created an account and to authenticate you.
These Cookies help us prevent fraudulent activity on our Site and help us secure our Site.
They also enable functionality such as our Site’s shopping cart.
We do not need to obtain your consent to use Strictly Necessary Cookies.
Analytics and Performance-Related Cookies
These Cookies assess the performance and use of our Site.
We may utilize third-party service providers to create these Cookies on our Site, such as Google Analytics cookies.
These Cookies may track the number of visitors to our Site and what Site pages are most frequently visited.
Functionality-Related Cookies
These Cookies enhance the functionality of our Site by remembering the choices you have made such as your user name, language or region you are in, and allow us to customize the Site to you.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Browsers may also be set up to display a warning when a cookie is used. You may even disable your browser from accepting cookies. In order to provide you with the best possible experience while visiting our website, please enable cookies within your browser.
Some portions of our website may not function properly if cookies are disabled.
Advertising Cookies
These Cookies are used to deliver relevant ads to you.
They are also used to limit the number of times you see an ad as well as help measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. Third-parties may use Cookies on our Site to deliver relevant ads to you or remember you and deliver relevant ads to you or third party websites.
They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers.
How you opt-out of Cookies.
You may decide whether you want to accept Cookies or not.
We explain in more detail below how you can exercise that choice.
On your Internet browser you can adjust your settings to reject some or all Cookies or to alert you when a Cookie is placed on your device.
The “help” feature on most browsers will provide you more information on how to do this.
For more help with adjusting your Cookie settings, please see www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Please note that if you choose to block all Cookies (including Strictly Necessary Cookies), you may not be able to access or use all or parts of our Website and/or parts of our Site may not function properly.
If you want to delete previously stored Cookies, you can manually delete them at any time.
Doing so will, however, prevent the Site from placing further Cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your browser settings.
For more information on the development of user profiles and the use of targeting Cookies, please see www.aboutads.info/choices in the United States and www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy, please contact us at securityofficer@crownlaboratories.com. You may also contact us by telephone at (423) 926-4413 or write to:
Crown Laboratories, Inc.,
ATTN: Security Officer
349 Lafe Cox Dr.
Johnson City, TN 37604
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site across devices.
We have implemented the Remarketing and AdWords features of Google Analytics.
The Remarketing feature allows us to serve you relevant advertising on third party websites if you have visited our Site, however accessed, but does not personally or directly identify you.
AdWords allows us to manage our advertising and collect information about your visit to our Site. Visitors can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ad Settings [link www.google.com/settings]. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit the Site.
For more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics, visit this Google page [link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout].
Do Not Track
Third parties may collect information about you across different websites, including our Site.
We do not currently utilize the capability to respond to web browser do not track signals or other mechanisms that provide you with the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of this information.
Will Your Personal Information Be Secure?
Crown recognizes and understands your concerns on the subject of safety and security regarding your personal information. We strive to employ reasonable measures to protect your information as well as the overall security of our Site. We also request that any third parties we are affiliated with, whom we may transfer your information to take the same or comparable steps to protect your information and security. With that said, it should be noted that even with such measures, no website is 100% secure.
We cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.
Leaving our Site and Outside Links
Crown Privacy Policy applies only to this Site, however our Site does contain links to third party websites that are beyond our control. Be advised that these sites have the potential to collect personal information about you, and they will operate according to their own privacy practices that may differ from our own Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third party websites, and so, you should consult any such websites’ privacy policies.
Occasionally, we may work with third parties to conduct surveys, administer contests or sweepstakes, and/or perform other services on our behalf where we collect information from you on third websites.
In those instances, we will provide you a link to our Privacy Policy on the relevant website so that you will be notified about our privacy practices with respect to that interaction, but it is possible that those third party websites have their own privacy policies, which contain additional information about the collection and use of your personal information on those websites.
So, you should consult any such websites’ privacy policies.
For Users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
Individuals located in the European Economic Area have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data, according to the European Regulation EU 2016/679 (GDPR). You may access our policy here.
Contact Us
To contact Crown with questions or concerns about this Notice or its privacy practices, send communications to:
SecurityOfficer@CrownLaboratories.com
Crown Laboratories, Inc.
Attn:
Security Officer
349 Lafe Cox Dr
Johnson City, TN 37604
(423) 946 4413
Scroll to Top
Privacy and Cookie PolicyCrown Laboratories uses cookies to improve your experience. By clicking "Accept", you consent to storing cookies on your device. You can update your preferences at any time by clicking the "Cookie Preferences" link at the bottom of this page. Visit the Privacy Policy for more information.Cookie Preferences RejectAcceptCookie Preferences
Close
Your Cookie Preferences
Crown Laboratories uses different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories to learn more about their purpose. You may choose which types of cookies to allow and can change your preferences at any time. Remember that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. Visit the Privacy Policy for more information.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
CookieTypeDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement011 monthsThis cookie is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of advertisement cookies. It does not store any personal data.cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics011 monthsThis cookie is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of analytics cookies. It does not store any personal data.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary011 monthsThis cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies deemed necessary for site performance. It does not store any personal data.viewed_cookie_policy01 hourThis cookie is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Advertisement
advertisement
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
CookieTypeDurationDescriptionIDE12 yearsUsed by Google DoubleClick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. This is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.NID15 monthsThis cookie is used to create a profile based on user's interest and display personalized ads to the users.VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE15 monthsThis cookie is set by Youtube and is used to track the information of the embedded YouTube videos on a website.
Analytics
analytics
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our websites are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our websites for you.
CookieTypeDurationDescription_ga02 yearsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gat_UA-60058084-201 minuteThis is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites._gid01 dayThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information on how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected includes the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.GPS030 minutesThis cookie is set by Youtube and registers a unique ID for tracking users based on their geographical location.vuid02 yearsThis cookie is set by Vimeo and is used to track the views of embedded videos.YSC1This cookie is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos.
Save & Accept