http://www.vespa.com/us_EN/privacy-policy.html
Home
»
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
See the Piaggio US Privacy Policy effective January 1st, 2020 below.
1.GENERAL STATEMENT
At Piaggio Group Americas, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“we”, “us” and “our”), we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and share information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our Websites. This Privacy Policy applies to www.piaggio.com/us_EN/, www.vespa.com/us_EN, www.aprilia.com/us_EN/, www.motoguzzi.com/us_EN/, https://storeusa.vespa.com/,https://bearacerclub.aprilia.com/en/, https://proudowners.motoguzzi.com/ (hereinafter the “Websites”) which is/are owned by us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will treat your information before you provide us with any information. By using the site, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy. Any capitalized terms used by but not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Service. Our privacy practices may vary among the countries or territories in which we operate to reflect legal requirements, as you can see below.
2.INFORMATION WE COLLECT
2.1.PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including the following group of information:
-Identity Data: such as first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, profession, marital status, title, date of birth and gender;
-Contact Data: such as billing address, delivery address, email address, fax number, and telephone numbers;
-Financial Data: such as bank account and payment card details;
-Transaction Data: such as details about payments to and from you and other details of products you have purchased from us;
-Technical Data: as is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically which may include internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g. HTML pages, graphics, etc.),date/time stamp, approximate location, and/or clickstream data, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website, to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site;
-Profile Data: such as your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses;
-Usage Data: such as information about how you use our website and/or products and services;
-Marketing and Communications Data: such as your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences;
2.2.MEMBERSHIP INFORMATION.
When you register for membership on our Websites and use some of the features on our Websites such as www.doyouvespa.com, we will ask you some information, such as email address, to create your Username and personal account. Your Username and the postings of links to third party websites you create on the Websites and to which you assign a short name (“Memos”) are displayed to people in the networks you create for yourself on the Websites. People who see your Username in searches, however, will not be able to access your user material as posted on the Websites unless you allow such access. We may contact you regarding account status, changes to this Privacy Policy, our terms of use or other terms of use, to confirm your registration or for any other business reason related to your use of the Websites.
2.3.AGGREGRATE OR ANONYMIZED INFORMATION
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
WE DO NOT COLLECT SENSITIVE INFORMATION. We will not ask for or request sensitive personal information such as government identifiers, medical information or financial information. Please do not provide such information to us through emails, feedback forms or in any other way.
3.HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
3.1.WE COLLECT INFORMATION DIRECTLY FROM YOU
The information we collect directly from you may include:
-Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, purchasing our products, subscribing to our service, posting material, or requesting marketing to be sent to you or further services, interact with social media by visiting our pages, commenting on or liking posts. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website;
-Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us;
-Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete from time to time to improve our services and products.
3.2.INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
-Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website;
-Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web beacons. Pages of our the Website [and our e-mails] may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or [opened an email] and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
4.ONLINE TRACKING INFORMATION
When you visit this site other parties such as third-party advertising partners and analytics providers may collect information about your digital activity over time and across digital platforms. This information may include identifiers that may permit those parties to serve tailored ads to your device(s).
Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret web browser based “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signals other than cookies, we do not currently respond to undefined “DNT” signals to its US websites.
Most browsers can be configured not to accept cookies; however, this may prevent you from having access to some functions or services on our sites.
5.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
-To manage your access to our Websites and to recognize you;
-To present our Websites and its contents to you;
-To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Websites;
-To maintain the quality of our Websites, including any data analysis necessary to operate our Websites, such as for administration, internal operations, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
-To speed up our Websites;
-To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
-To store information about your preferences;
-To assist you in making a purchase of our products;
-To contact you regarding your recent purchase of our products;
-To route your requests to our authorized dealers;
-To support our business operations and the operations of our dealers;
-To send you emails about updates, information or alerts regarding our Websites;
-To provide you with notices about your account/subscription, including expiration and renewal notices;
-To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
-To notify you about changes to our Websites or any products or services we offer or provide;
-To comply with applicable laws and regulations and other legal requirements;
-To maintain the security of our Websites;
-In any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
-For any other purpose with your consent.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
6.DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
-To our dealers, vendors and agents;
-To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
-To other companies within the Piaggio Group;
-To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who use that information only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
-To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information about our Website users is among the assets transferred;
-For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
-You, upon your request;
We may also disclose your personal information:
-To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
-To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes;
-If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, our customers, or others.
We may share non-personal Information, aggregate, or anonymous data with analytics, search engine, other service providers, and our partners. We do not sell or rent your name, address, or e-mail address to any non-affiliated third party without your permission.
7.YOUR CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. In particular, we have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
•Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's Website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
•Communications from the Company. You may have the opportunity to receive certain e-mail communications from us related to our Websites. If you provide us with your email address in order to receive communications, you can opt out at any time by using the unsubscribe links at the bottom of our emails. Please note that certain emails may be necessary to provide you with our Websites. You will continue to receive these emails, if appropriate, even if you unsubscribe from our optional communications.
•Direct advertisement. If you have been receiving offers from our partners and affiliates and would like this to stop, please contact us at privacy@piaggio.com. Any opt out requests with respect to communications from a dealer, including our dealer, must be made directly to the dealer.
•Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form/registration form). You can also always opt-out by logging into the Website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile, checking or unchecking the relevant boxes, or by sending us an email with your request to privacy@piaggio.com.
•Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your [email address/contact information] used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form/registration form), or at any other time by logging into the Website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@piaggio.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
•Targeted Advertising. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers' target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form/registration form), or at any other time by logging into the Website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@piaggio.com.
California and Nevada residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. For more information, please see PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS and PRIVACY NOTICE FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS.
8. ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@piaggio.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS below for more information.
9. CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@piaggio.com. California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS below for more information.
10. PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
10.1. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (“CCPA”)
This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in this Piaggio’s Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
10.1.2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Our Website collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device
(“personal information”). In particular, within the last twelve (12) months we have collected (or not collected, if indicated below) the following categories of personal information from our consumers:
Category
Examples
Collected
A.Identifiers.
Real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B.Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.Civ. Code §1798.80(e)).
Name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C.Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D.Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E.Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F.Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G.Geo location data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H.Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I.Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J.Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act(20 U.S.C. Section1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K.Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the categories of sources listed under Section 3 of our Privacy Policy (HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?).
To know how we use your personal information, please see Section 5 of our Privacy Policy (HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION).
10.1.3. SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. To know with whom we share your personal information, please see Section 6 of our Privacy Policy (DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION).
Disclosures of personal information for a business purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has disclosed personal information for a business purpose:
[Category A: Identifiers.]
[Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.]
[Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.]
[Category D: Commercial information.]
[Category E: Biometric information.]
[Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.]
[Category G: Geolocation data.]
[Category H: Sensory data.]
[Category I: Professional or employment-related information.]
[Category J: Non-public education information.]
[Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.]
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
•Service providers.
10.1.4. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
(i)Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
-The categories of personal information we collected about you;
-The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
-Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
-The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information;
-The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request);
-If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
-sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
-disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
(ii)Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
-Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
-Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
-Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
-Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
-Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546et. seq.);
-Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
-Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
-Comply with a legal obligation;
-Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
(iii)Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at [212-380-4433]
Emailing us at [privacy@piaggio.com].
Visiting [https://www.vespa.com/us_EN/customer-care.html].
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
-Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative;
-Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
(iv)Response timing and format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
(vi)Nondiscrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
-Deny you goods or services.
-Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
-Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
-Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
10.2. OTHER CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@piaggio.com and/or write us at Piaggio Group Americas, Inc. 257 Park Avenue South, 4th Floor, New York, 10010 NY.
11. PRIVACY NOTICE FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A allows customers to “opt out” of the sale of certain personal information, called “covered information” to third parties. This includes information such as name, address, social security number, and online service activity.
At Piaggio, we do not sell covered information as defined in the law and we have no plans to change that practice. If you want to be notified if we do change that practice, please send your name and email address to privacy@piaggio.com. We’ll contact you if there are any changes and you can complete your opt out at that time. If your email address changes at any point, you will need to send your new email address to us at privacy@piaggio.com.
OR
Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request to this designated address: [212-380-4433/privacy@piaggio.com/https://www.vespa.com/us_EN/customer-care.html].
12. DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
13.EXTERNAL LINKS
Our Websites may include links to and from the websites of our partner networks and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for such privacy policies. Please check the privacy policies applicable to any other website you access before you submit any personal information to such other website.
14.CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Occasionally we may update this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to revise this Privacy Policy at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice’s effective date. The effective date of the Privacy Policy is identified at the top of the Privacy Policy. You are responsible for periodically visiting this page to check for any changes. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
15.CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your information described in the Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: [212-380-4433]
Website: [https://www.vespa.com/us_EN/customer-care.html]
Email: [privacy@piaggio.com]
Postal Address:
Piaggio Group Americas
Attn: Giuliana Franceschini/Compliance Coordinator
257 Park Ave South, 4th Fl, New York, NY 10010
Piaggio intellectual Property Legal Notice
Copyright ©2001-2016 the Piaggio Group of Companies. All rights reserved. Vespa® are among the registered trademarks of Piaggio & C., S.p.A, its affiliated and related companies and of the Piaggio Group of Companies. All authorized uses are subject to their respective terms and conditions, and any authorized use is granted and may be withdrawn at the sole and complete discretion of the Piaggio Group of Companies. Any unauthorized use of these trademarks or any other trademark registered by Piaggio & C., S.p.A. and its affiliated and related companies will be prosecuted to the fullest extent permitted by law. This Website is the sole property of the Piaggio Group of Companies All the documentation herein, including photographs, illustrations, drawings, logos, trademarks and whatsoever else contained herein is the exclusive property of the Piaggio Group of Companies, which retains the right of usage under laws pertaining to intellectual property. Therefore, except as expressly provided herein, the contents of this site may not be altered, reproduced, modified, elaborated, transmitted or distributed in any way whatsoever, whether in part whole or in part without prior specific written authorization of the Piaggio Group of Companies. Any unauthorized use whatsoever will be punishable by law.
The Trademarks Vespa® are worldwide registered trademarks and are the exclusive property of Piaggio & C. S.p.A.. Any unauthorized use is a violation of trademark and other applicable laws and will be prosecuted to the fullest extent permissible by the law.
Top
REGIONS
Close
x
{{item.Name}}
‹
back
Local Websites
Close
x
{{item.Name}}
{{item.Name}}
‹
back
Choose Language
Close
x
{{item.URLDescription}}
{{item.URLDescription}}
‹
back
info
Close
x
{{nation.CountrySite[0].Name}}
{{nation.CountrySite[0].Address}}
{{nation.CountrySite[0].ZipCode}}
{{nation.CountrySite[0].City}}
{{nation.CountrySite[0].Email}}
{{nation.CountrySite[0].Phone}}
{{nation.CountrySite[0].Phone2}}
{{nation.CountrySite[0].Fax}}
{{nation.CountrySite[0].Fax2}}
{{nation.CountrySite[0].URL}}
‹
back
info
Close
x
{{countrySite.Name}}
{{countrySite.Address}}
{{countrySite.ZipCode}}
{{countrySite.City}}
{{countrySite.Email}}
{{countrySite.Phone}}
{{countrySite.Phone2}}
{{countrySite.Fax}}
{{countrySite.Fax2}}
{{countrySite.URL}}