http://www.haygroup.com/functions/legal
Looking to the future inspires opportunity.
Hay Group
TALK TO AN EXPERT
Hay Group's History
The Hay Group formed in 1943 by Edward N. Hay under the name “Edward N. Hay and Associates, Management Consultants.” The firm was started on the premise that maximizing companies’ people management skills would vastly improve their output, both in terms of quality and quantity. In 1951, an employee named Dale Purves invented the “Hay Guide Charts”. These charts were revolutionary, in that they allowed organizations to map out and align their jobs and roles within the wider context of the company’s entire structure.
Acquired by Korn Ferry
On December 1, 2015, Korn Ferry announced that it had completed the acquisition of global human resources consultancy Hay Group.  This enabled Korn Ferry to diversify its revenue stream and offer solutions across the entire talent lifecycle.
“This is incredibly transformative for our organization and it will cement our firm as the pre-eminent global people and advisory firm,” said Korn Ferry CEO Gary Burnison.
With the acquisition, Korn Ferry then served clients through three business lines: executive search, Hay Group (which included Korn Ferry’s former leadership and talent consulting segment), and Futurestep, a professional search and recruitment process outsourcing company - although all has recently merged to be branded solely as Korn Ferry.
With the acquisition of Hay Group, Korn Ferry expanded its solutions to include:
Organizational Strategy
Leadership Development
Assessment & Succession
Rewards & Benefits
KF Listen
KF Pay
KF Architect
TAKE A CLOSER LOOK
Achieve Forum
Empower people to lead successfully in turbulent business landscapes
Read More
Miller Heiman Group
Together we are in a category of one
Read More
Strategy Execution
Global learning solutions for a project-driven world
Read More
RESOURCES
Related Solutions
Cultural Transformation
Workplace cultural at the core of organizational strength
Employee Engagement
Turn "I will" into "I can"
Strategic Workforce Planning
The right workforce today and tomorrow, at the right cost
What makes sales teams sizzle? Better leaders.
Leadership can be critical in sales, an area where research shows that managers are the no. 1 driver of revenues.
Learn More
CEO Pay Ratios: Deal With It
What is your company doing to prepare?
Learn More
GET IN TOUCH
Questions? Call 800-633-4410 to speak to a Korn Ferry representative or complete the form below.
CONTACT US
Speak to Rep
Call 800-633-4410 to speak with a Korn Ferry Representative