https://www.gcfb.com/privacy/
Find Your Location
Gift Cards
Make A Reservation
Find Your Granite City
Locations
Reservations
PRIVACY NOTICE
Last updated on May 4, 2018
INTRODUCTION AND PURPOSE
Granite City Food & Brewery is committed to maintaining your trust and confidence.This Privacy Notice explains how Granite City Food & Brewery (“we” or “us”) collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information when you use https://www.gcfb.com (the “Site”) to obtain services, such as enrolling in our E-Club, Mug Club, purchasing a gift card, or contacting us (the “Services”).
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A. Personally Identifiable Information (PII)When you access and use the Site and/or Services (e.g., when you register, or when you sign up for contests or sweepstakes, sign up for email subscriptions, access various content or features, submit comments or content, apply for a job, purchase a gift card, or directly contact us with questions or feedback), we may ask you for some or all of the following types of Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”):
Contact information, including name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
Credit card payment information (“Payment Information”);
Unique identifiers, such as a username or password;
Demographic information, such as birthday, age, and gender;
Geolocation information;
Correspondence and other information that you send to us;
Preferences and interests;
Information regarding social media accounts, including any social media feeds that interact with the Services;
Employment information that you may submit to us in applying for or expressing interest in a job with us; and
Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
We only collect PII through the Site when you provide it to us. For example, we may collect your name, email address, phone number and/or physical address, if you provide them, when you use the “contact us” or “customer feedback” features on the Site. Such PII, if collected, will be voluntarily provided by you through the Site or through request for information web forms on our Site. You represent and warrant that the information you provide is complete, accurate, and current.
B. Non-Personal DataAs you interact with the Site and/or Services, we may also collect information that is not PII (“Non-Personal Data”), including:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your device whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers;
Your browser type and operating system;
Websites you visited before and after visiting the Site and/or Services;
Pages you view on the Site and links you click on;
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags, Local Shared Objects, and other similar technologies;
Information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were received, opened, or forwarded.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A. PII GenerallyWe may use PII (but never Payment Information) that we collect through the Site and/or Services to:
Provide you with the news, products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information that you request and to respond to correspondence that we receive from you;
Contact you about products, services, contests, jobs, and events that we think might be of interest to you;
Send you promotional materials, special offers, or other marketing communications;
Provide, maintain, administer or expand the Services, perform research and analyses, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Site, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
Customize and personalize your use of the Site or Services;
Provide to third parties so they can help us perform any of the above-listed tasks or processes; and
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent
If you supply your postal address, you may receive mailings from us as well.
Payment Information
To make online purchases through the Site and/or Services, you will be directed to an e-commerce website controlled by and managed by a third party, Securetree.com/Netmasons (“Securetree”), on our behalf.
When you use Securetree to make online purchases through the Site/Services, you will be directed to provide your Payment Information (including credit card information and billing zip code). We use a third-party payment provider, Authorize.net, to process that Payment Information. Accordingly, no Payment Information that you submit through the Site or Services is processed or stored on our servers. If and to the extent Securetree shares any of your non-Payment Information that is PII (such as name and email address) with us, we will treat it according to this Privacy Notice – as if it were submitted to us directly through the Site.
Employment Information
The Site includes a Careers tab, which links to a separate job application website (the “Career Pages”) operated by a third party Talent Reef, Inc. (“Talent Reef”) on our behalf. Using the Career Pages, you may upload your resume and PII (including, name, email address, phone number, and physical address) to be considered for employment opportunities with us. PII that you submit through the Career Pages is submitted to and collected by Talent Reef and is subject to Talent Reef’s separate privacy policy at: www.talentreef.com/privacy-policy. If and to the extent Talent Reef shares your PII submitted through the Career Pages with us, we will treat it according to this Privacy Notice – as if it were submitted to us directly through the Site.
B. Non-Personal DataWe use Non-Personal Data for purposes such as optimizing the performance of the Site, gauging the Site’s popularity, and collecting information about your Internet Service Provider, browser type, domain name, website that referred you to the Site, webpages that you access on the Site, date and time of your visits to the Site, and your IP address. We collect Non-Personal Data to improve your access to the Site and the Site’s functionality. Non-Personal Data may also be used to establish trends in activity on the Site, monitor the Site’s performance, improve the Site’s design, provide services, inform third parties about our services, and for other business purposes.
“Cookies” are a type of Non-Personal Data. They are pieces of code/text that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that websites, and are used for record-keeping purposes. Use of cookies allows us to provide you with certain conveniences when using the Site, such as delivering content specific to your interests, providing you with marketing materials that may interest you, or pre-populating user information to save you from having to re-enter your data at each connection when using features like online payment. We also may use cookies to track the path of users through the Site, and to keep track of how they arrived at the Site (for example, via a search engine). Most web browsers allow you to configure your browser’s preferences to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, notify you when you receive a new cookie, or disable cookies altogether. If you would prefer not to receive cookies, you may alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of the Site will not function properly when you view them.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information that we collect.
Service Providers: We may share your PII (but never Payment Information) with third-party service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf (such as to fulfill orders, provide products and other services, manage databases, perform research and analyses, develop marketing strategies and campaigns, manage our social media presence and connections, perform target advertising, or improve our Site or mobile apps).On occasion, we will partner with third parties for marketing purposes and provide your PII (but never Payment Information) to them. These third-parties may use your PII (but not Payment Information) to conduct research and analyses for us, develop targeted advertising on our behalf, and contact you via social media/send you special offers, products, promotional materials, or marketing communications on our behalf.Third-party service providers may have access to PII needed to perform their functions on our behalf, but they may not use it for their own purposes, like sending you marketing offers about their own or someone else’s products.
Business Transfer: If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, a business reorganization, or similar event, we may transfer your PII as part of such transaction.
Administrative or Legal Process: We may disclose your PII to third parties when we have reasonable grounds to believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect the legal rights, privacy, property, safety, and security of our organization, our corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, users of our Services, or any other person or organization; to enforce our internal policies, to respond to and resolve claims or complaints; to prevent fraud or for risk management purposes; and to comply with or respond to law enforcement, legal/regulatory process, or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity (whether or not legally required).
Public Information: We may share information that is public with third parties. Public information includes content you share with us online or via social media.
Other Parties With Your Express or Implied Consent: We may share information with third parties when you consent to such sharing. For example, if you win a contest or sweepstakes, we may ask your permission to publicly post certain information on the Services identifying you as the winner.
Non-personal Data: We may share non-personal information (including PII that has been de-identified and/or aggregated), with advertisers, sponsors, or other third parties for any reason at our sole discretion.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This Privacy Notice applies only to the information we collect through the Site and/or Services. The Site and/or Services may contain links to other websites or online services, such as Twitter or Facebook, that are operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under the control of or maintained by us. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by us of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith. This Privacy Notice does not apply to this third-party content. We are not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or content of such other websites or online services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites or services.
SECURITY
We have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the PII that we collect through the Site and/or Services. Your privacy is important to us, and we use commercially reasonable efforts and reasonably available technologies to preserve the security of your PII and protect it from unauthorized use or disclosure. You understand, however that no system is perfect, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any or all of the PII that you transmit through the Site and/or Services. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your password, and should not use the same password for multiple sites. If you believe your account has been compromised, contact us immediately.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13. We also do not authorize individuals who are under the age of 13 to use the Site or Services, nor do we direct our Site or Services to those under 13 years of age. If we are made aware we have collected PII from a child under 13 years old in a manner that is inconsistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we will delete this information as soon as possible.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS/DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURES
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosures of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us.
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which you are communicating. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether you intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether you even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not take action in response to these signals.
OPT-OUT/RETENTION
We will not send you emails that you have not consented to receive. If you have consented, we may send you promotional emails, newsletters, and similar communications from us. You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us by clicking on the opt-out or “unsubscribe” link included in the commercial emails you receive or, if such functionality is enabled in the Site and/or Services, by unselecting the subscription option in your profile. Please note that opt-out requests may take some time to be effective. Your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature. For example, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made, or to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us.
If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form, you may receive mailings from us as well. You may opt out of receiving mail from us by indicating on your account with the Site that you would not like to receive correspondence through the mail.
We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you Services and otherwise in our discretion. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
Please note that the Site and Services are directed towards users who reside in the United States. By using the Site and/or Services, you affirm that you reside in the United States, and you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, pursuant to the laws of the United States. We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose information of European Union residents.
CHANGES AND UPDATES
This Privacy Notice is subject to periodic changes and updates. These changes are effective upon posting to the Site. Please check this Privacy Notice periodically for updates. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Notice, as amended from time to time. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO FUTURE CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE, YOU MUST STOP USING THE SERVICES AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF SUCH CHANGES.
CONTACT US
We are always happy to hear from you with your questions or comments. For additional information, or if you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please contact us by email at Privacy@gcfb.net with a subject line of “Privacy Notice Inquiry” or by regular mail at:
Granite City Food and Brewery3600 American Blvd. W. Suite 400Bloomington, MN 55431Attn: Guest Services
Please provide details in your correspondence to enable us to respond and take appropriate action. It may take up to thirty (30) days to see changes or results.
Eat Good Eats.Drink Good Drinks.Have Good Times.
Find Your Granite City
Locations
Menu
Locations
About
Contact
Careers
Privacy Notice
Investors
Nutrition
FollowFollowFollow
Copyright © 2020