http://www.servidyne.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Key Leadership
Key Team Members
News
Careers
Services
Benchmarking
Energy Audits
ENERGY STAR Certification
Retro-Commissioning (RCx)
LEED Services
Sustainability
ESCO Engineering Support Services
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Servidyne Privacy Statement
The following describes Servidyne, LLC’s (further referred to as Servidyne), use and disclosure of information gathered from online visitors to certain websites owned and operated by Servidyne.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to info@servidyne.com. This e-mail address is being protected from spambots.
You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
The web server on which this web site is housed is owned and maintained by GoDaddy. The following policies apply to www.servidyne.com and all other web sites, web pages and/or web properties owned and operated by Servidyne (collectively “Sites”).
1. Collection of Personal Information from Site Visitors
In order to access certain services or restricted areas within any of our Sites, we may require that you provide certain identifying information. This information may include your legal name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, subscriber name or screen name, and password used to access our services. We reserve the right to request any additional information necessary to establish and maintain services to you.
Servidyne may automatically collect and/or track (1) the home server domain names, e-mail addresses, type of client computer, and type of web browser of visitors to our web site, (2) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with us via e-mail, post messages to our bulletin boards, or post messages to our chat groups, (3) information knowingly provided by the visitor in sales orders, registration forms, surveys, and contest entries, and (4) aggregate or specific information on what pages visitors access.
Some Servidyne pages may use a technology called “cookies” so that we can better serve visitors when they visit our web site, request additional information about our company, products or services, or participate in various activities posted on our site. These cookies may be used to obtain data such as the visitor’s name, user-name and pages or advertisements viewed by the visitor. When the visitor revisits the company’s web site, we can recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor’s experience accordingly. Although cookies are stored on the visitor’s hard drive and not stored, in any form, by us, the visitor can set his or her browser to provide notice whenever a cookie is received, which gives the visitor the opportunity to decide whether to accept it or not.
2. Use of Personal Data Collected
Personal data collected by us will be used for marketing and promotional purposes, feedback purposes, for a statistical analysis of users’ behavior, for product development or enhancement, for content improvement, and to customize content and layout of our site. Names, postal and e-mail addresses, and phone numbers collected may be added to our databases and used for future contact regarding new products and services, upcoming events, and customer service.
3. Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
We maintain a secured area on our Sites for transmission of personal data, and store all personal data in a private database which is not connected to the Internet. Although we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of the personal data you provide to us, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. We will have no liability for disclosure of such data due to errors in transmission or interception by unauthorized acts of third parties. We may, from time to time, make certain contact information about our customers available to third parties for the following purposes: we may disclose information to vendors who facilitate and/or support our customer transactions; we may disclose information to entities to whom we are legally required to disclose information; and/or we may disclose information to third parties with whom we have relationships through which permission-based marketing is conducted.
Any third party with whom we have a relationship pursuant to which we provide, rent, sell or otherwise disclose data collected from visitors to our site will be carefully pre-screened, determined by us to be reputable, and will use the data provided solely for marketing products and services which we determine, in our sole judgment, that visitors to our Sites might find of interest.
4. Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Data
The Servidyne website may include contact forms for customers to request information and services. In such instances, Servidyne collects customer Personally Identifiable Information (PII), such as a name, an e-mail address, a mailing address, and telephone number. PII may be used to contact customers and send customers information about Servidyne, the services available on the Servidyne website, and to provide information about other topics and discussion groups. Servidyne will not sell or rent PII to other organizations in ways that are different from what is disclosed in this Privacy Statement. PII may be disclosed as required or permitted by law.
5. Other Sites
Our Sites may contain links to other sites. Other sites may also reference or link to our Sites. Servidyne is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites.
6. Company’s Right to Change Privacy Policy
By using the Sites, you signify your assent to this Statement. If you do not agree with the terms of this Statement, please do not visit our Sites. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Statement at any time. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms shall be deemed your consent to any such changes. Such changes will be evidenced by a change in the effective date for this Statement set forth above.
Search
Search
About Us Servidyne helps building owners and managers lower energy and operating costs, reduce environmental impact, and enhance occupant comfort.
Contact Us
Scroll