http://www.vcu.com/security-privacy--fees/email-security-notice
Schedule an Appointment
Open a New Account
Add/Modify an Account
Upgrade My Checking
Apply for a Loan
Request a Debit or ATM Card
Reorder Checks
Stop My Electronic Debit
Report a Lost/Stolen Card
Dispute a Card Transaction
Buy a Car
Buy a Home
Improve My Home
Apply for a Credit Card
Pay for College
Get an Insurance Quote
Get a Life Insurance Quote
Membership & Account Agreement
Fee Schedule
Previous
Next
Security, Privacy & Fees
Email Security Notice
Hello! Before you send us an email, we urge you to please use our chat service, your eBranch secure mailbox, or give us a good old-fashioned phone call if you have confidential or sensitive account information you’d like to discuss.
Email is not a secure communication channel. Please do not send us an email containing any of your personal sensitive information, such as your account number, birthdate or social security number. Email is an unsecure communication channel and factors outside of our control during email transit could put your information at risk. Unauthorized parties could potentially intercept your sensitive information and then commit fraud or identify theft against you.
Before you hit the “send” button on any email, re-read your email to confirm the information you’re sending to info@vcu.com only contains non-sensitive information. We care about your information and want to ensure you are safe.
Thank you!
Your Information Security is Our PriorityInternet Security Practices StatementPatriot ActPrivacy NoticeCorrespondence Authentication CodesBrowser & Device RecommendationsFinancial Statement NoticeElectronic Suite of Services AgreementeSign Consent AgreementElectronic Document Delivery AgreementMobile Wallet Terms & Conditions
Don’t Get Swindled! Five Fraud Trends to Avoid
UPDATED: Important Message About COVID-19
The Do & Don’ts of Email Safety
While we like to provide our members with links to relevant and informative information, we need to let you know you’re about to leave the Vantage Credit Union site for an alternate site that’s not owned or managed by us. As such, we’re not responsible for the entire content of this alternate site. We’re also not responsible for any agreement or interactions between you and this alternate site. Our privacy and security policies may also differ from those practiced by this alternate site.
Things you need to know before you proceed.
Accept
or
cancel
You’re leaving our site for the site of one of our service partners, who provides independent products and services to our members. This alternate site isn’t owned or managed by Vantage Credit Union, therefore, we’re not responsible for its entire content. Vantage is also not responsible for any agreement or interaction between you and this alternate site, and our privacy and security policies may also differ from those practiced by this site.
Accept
or
cancel