https://www.hapco.com/privacy-policy/
Toll FREE 800-368-7171
-
Contact Information
Aluminum Light Poles
Decorative Poles
Small Cell – SMART Poles
Aluminum Arms
Steel Poles
Resources
Design
About Us
Privacy PolicyPAT STINSON2020-10-28T15:31:21-04:00
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Hapco’s website. The following Privacy Policy has been provided to inform you of the way we collect and use information when you visit, navigate and communicate with us via the site.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect personal information about you only when you provide us that information voluntarily within the Contact Us section of the site.
What Do We Use Your Information For?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
• To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
• To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
• To send periodic emails. The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. Any e-mail sent by Hapco will contain opt-out option. You may opt-out from receiving electronic marketing communications by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in any such communication you receive.
Do We Use Cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We may use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do We Disclose Any Information To Outside Parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Conditions of Use
Please also visit our Conditions of Use section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Conditions of Use >.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 08-01-16.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Hapco
26252 Hillman Highway
Abingdon, VA 24210
800-368-7171
info@hapco.com