http://www.alloyfold.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Our Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.The Information We Collect:This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website. On some pages, you can make an enquiry about our pricing and further technical information on our products as well as being able to register for newsletters. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:NameAddressEmail addressPhone numberThe Information We DON'T Collect:Credit/Debit Card InformationThe Way We Use Information:We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an enquiry to send you an automated email response along with further information on the products you requested. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.How You Can Access Or Correct Your InformationYou can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by calling us or sending us an email. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us.