http://www.safetyassured.com/privacy-policy/
01708 855 777
0 Items
Support
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the “Safety Assured Ltd” website. Please take an opportunity to read these important terms and conditions governing your use of this site and its contents before proceeding any further.
References below to “We/our/us” are to “Safety Assured Ltd”. By viewing this website you accept these terms and conditions and agree to abide by them.
We disclaim all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information contained in any of the materials on the website. To the extent permitted by law, we disclaim any and all representations, warranties and undertakings in connection with the website including all implied warranties and conditions, including as to merchantability, fitness and title except as expressly otherwise provided in these terms and conditions.
In no event shall the “Safety Assured Ltd” website, its officers, servants, agents or employees be liable for any special, indirect, consequential or purely economic loss whatsoever regardless of whether such losses are foreseeable and whether or not caused by “Safety Assured Ltd” negligence arising out of or in connection with the use of this website save that nothing contained in these terms and conditions shall have effect so as to limit “Safety Assured Ltd” liability for loss or damage arising out of personal injury or death or acts of fraud.
Privacy
This website is owned by “Safety Assured Ltd”. We regard your privacy as important and any personal information you give to us will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018. We do not store any personal information about individuals who visit this site except where they provide contact information. Any information you provide will only be used for the reasons specified, and it will not be shared with any third party without your consent, unless required by law.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode.
other information relevant to customer
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
Data Retention
Records are kept for as long as they are needed to meet the operational needs of the Authority, together with legal and regulatory requirements. We have assessed our records to:
determine their value as a source of information about the Authority, its operations, relationships and environment.
assess their importance as evidence of business activities and decisions.
establish whether there are any legal or regulatory retention requirements (including: Public Records Act 1958, Data Protection Act 1988, the Freedom of Information Act 2000 and the Limitation Act 1980).
Data from enquiries made through the website will be retained until the enquiry has been dealt with.
Data from enquires that lead to orders or sales made through the website shop will be retained for a minimum of 7 years on paper and electronically, to comply with Tax laws. Due to our products longevity and the nature of our business customer data will be retained for longer to assist with customer service and reoccurring orders.
Destruction of data
Non sensitive information – placed in a normal rubbish bin
Confidential information – cross cut shredded, burnt or sent to recyclers whereby a certificate of destruction is retained.
Highly Confidential information – cross cut shredded, burnt or sent to recyclers whereby a certificate of destruction is retained.
Electronic equipment containing information – they will be permanently deleted from the system. Obsolete equipment will be burnt. Destruction of electronic records should render them non recoverable even using forensic data recovery techniques.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@safetyassured.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Safety Assured Ltd, Home Farm Estate, Fen Lane, North Ockendon, Essex, RM14 3RD
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Links to other websites
Within the website you may find links or references to third party materials and third party web sites outside the website. We accept no liability of any description in respect of the contents of such materials or websites. We should not be taken to be endorsing, publishing, permitting or authorising such websites or materials.
Accessibility
The content (content being images, text, sound and video files, programs and scripts) of this website is copyright © “Safety Assured Ltd”. All rights expressly reserved. No part of these materials may be copied without the prior written permission of “Safety Assured Ltd”.
Individuals and organisations wishing to make content of this website accessible through hypertext links are requested to contact the “Safety Assured Ltd” website before proceeding.
Note: Health & Safety Practicable:
This is an interpretation of door safety requirement based upon common law and the Workplace (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations 1974 and 1992 (inc Section 3). Where risk assessment identifies a risk or injury. Pro-active action should be taken to eliminate risk only if a practical (suitable) device is available. To be practical (suitable) the device should be safe in use, effective, unobtrusive, easy to fit and maintain, not adversely affect users daily routines during installation or maintenance, universal, user friendly and affordable based upon the risk. To be active to this risk, following an injury can lead to prosecution for negligence and litigation.