http://www.dandryer.com/en-us/about-dan-dryer/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how DAN DRYER A/S uses and protects any information that you provide us when you use this website.
DAN DRYER A/S is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with our privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes that have been made. If you do not accept our privacy policy, please do not use this site.
What we collect and why
When you visit www.dandryer.com we automatically collect some data about your use of the website, e.g. browsing actions and patterns. We collect this to optimize the user experience and functionality of the website.
When you sign up to our newsletter we collect the information provided when signing up, being your name and mail to communicate our news and product updates
What do we do with the information we gather
DAN DRYER A/S does not sell, share or transfer your personal information to any outside parties other than our third party processors for the sole purpose of operating our business, suppliers or third party processors (such as credit card companies and shipping companies).
DAN DRYER A/S uses Google Analytics to collect and analyse anonymous statistics about usage of our website. When browsing our website, Google Analytics will assign a random ID to your browser that is stored in a cookie. It has a setting that ensures it deletes itself after 26 months if you do not return to this site.
To read all about how Google Analytics collects and processes data click here policies.google.com/privacy
Deletion of personal data
We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to provide you with our products and services. We will also retain your personal data as necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
If you have subscribed to our newsletter, your name and email address will be used for sending our newsletter until you unsubscribe, which is possible at any time.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us at info@dandryer.com as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Cookies
In addition to the information you enter in connection with opt-in for our newsletter, www.dandryer.com uses cookies. Find out more about what our cookies do on the link below DAN DRYER cookies
Additional policy information
DAN DRYER is committed to comply with data protection laws and we will keep our privacy controls updated in line with evolving regulations.
For any questions or questions regarding our privacy policy please contact us at info@dandryer.com
Who are we
DAN DRYER helps businesses and organisations, contractors, architects, developers as well as the railway industry to create high-quality functional and user-friendly toilet environments.
We have over 30 years of experience developing reliable, efficient hand dryers. We specialise in consultancy, development and production of complete hygiene solutions for public toilets.
Subscribe to our mailing list
Contact us
DAN DRYER A/S
Alsikevej 8
DK-8920 Randers NV
+45 86 41 57 11
+45 86 41 60 89
info@dandryer.com
Latest news
Meet LOKI: The new award-winning product line from DAN DRYER
Change of business owners at DAN DRYER
DAN DRYER wins new international design award
DAN DRYER hand dryers raise hygiene standards at Hotel Randers
Inspiration
Search on DanDryer
Cookies?