https://www.speedysigns.com/terms#privacy
Home
/
Terms
Terms of Use
Your Orders
Privacy Policy
Shipping
Refunds, Order Changes, and Cancellations
Color Policy
Indemnity
Personal and Non-Commercial Use Limitation
Our Rights
Welcome to the SpeedySigns.com™ web site (the
"Site"), a service of SpeedySigns.com™, Inc., a Florida corporation,
("Speedy Signs", "us", or "we"). This Site is offered to you, the customer,
conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions
and notices contained below (the "Agreement"). Please read them carefully. By
using or accessing this Site or submitting an order through this Site, you
indicate that you have read and understand this Agreement, and agree to be bound
by the terms and conditions contained herein. If you do not accept this
Agreement, do not access and use the Site. Speedy Signs may revise this
Agreement at any time without notice. We encourage you to review the Site and
these terms periodically for any updates or changes.
Your Orders:
By placing an order on this site, you represent
that you have the right to use all logos, text and/or graphics submitted by
you to us. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse to accept
orders from customers who we have reason to believe have infringed or otherwise
violated the intellectual property rights of others.
Speedy Signs has the sole discretion to reject any
order that it considers libelous, defamatory, obscene, profane (according to
standards established by the FCC), portraying irresponsible use of alcohol or
other substances, advocating persecution based on gender, age, race, disability
or national origin, containing explicit sexual content or is otherwise
inappropriate for Speedy Signs.com production.
You agree to not use Speedy Signs’ services to
create any material that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing,
tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy,
hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, or that infringes
on any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of
any third party.
Privacy Policy
SpeedySigns.com, Inc. ("Speedy Signs") respects the privacy of its customers and the visitors and users of its websites.
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any personal information we obtain about you based upon your use of our website, products or services. "Personal Information" is information about you that is personally identifiable to you such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, any transactions you conduct on our websites or offline with us, as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing.
We pay close attention to how Personal Information is used and shared, and we use Personal Information sensibly.
We act as a service provider to our customers and may process and store on behalf of our customers Personal Information that our customers collect about third parties. We do not own that Personal Information.
User Consent
By visiting our website or using our products or services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
You expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy. Personal Information may be processed by Speedy Signs or Speedy Signs’ trusted vendors or other third parties in the country where it was collected as well as other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent.
Collection of Personal Information
The Personal Information we gather from you helps us learn about our customers and potential customers. We use this information to better tailor the features, performance and support of our solutions, products and services, and to contact you from time to time with information and offers about our or a third party’s products and services.
Personal Information You Provide to Us
We collect Personal Information that you submit to us voluntarily. The Personal Information we collect includes, but is not limited to, the following: name, mailing address, domain name, telephone number, e-mail address, and information contained in any e-mail or other communication you send to us or information you give to us in any other way.
Personal Information Collected via Technology
As you navigate our website, certain passive information may also be collected, including your Internet Protocol address, browser type, and operating system. We also use cookies, a small file stored by your web browser on your computer, and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and viewed. This type of information is collected to make our solutions and services more useful to you by understanding what pages you click on during your visit to our websites. Such information will allow us to improve and personalize your experience
Accepting cookies through your web browser is your personal choice. You can set your browser to disable cookies. However, if you choose not to accept cookies, we may not be able to provide you with as good of an experience as one that is specifically tailored to your needs by utilizing the cookie.
Personal Information We Receive from Other Sources
We may receive Personal Information about you from other sources like telephone or telefax. We may add this information to the information we have already collected about you in order to improve the solutions and services we provide.
Use of Information
In general, Personal Information you submit to us is used either to set up solutions or purchase signage and print services, respond to requests that you make, to process transactions, to facilitate your request for a quote from a third party service provider or to aid us in serving you better. We may share your Personal Information with other businesses to offer you products, services, and promotions. In addition, we may share your Personal Information with other businesses that may contact you regarding requests for service. We may also use your Personal Information to provide you with electronic newsletters or promotional e-mails as well as information and offers about our products and services.
We may use third-party advertising partners and its service providers in order to deliver to you banner advertisements and other advertising tailored to your interests when you visit certain websites. They will collect anonymous information about your visits to our site, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other Websites to target advertisements for goods and services and may be used to keep track of user response to each advertisement. These targeted advertisements may appear on our site or on other sites that you visit. The anonymous information may be collected through the use of a pixel tag or cookies, which are industry standard technologies used by most major websites. No personally identifiable information is collected in this process.
If you do not want such companies to collect this information you may opt-out. Opting-out will not in any way affect your use of our site. To learn more about the use of this information or choose not to have this information used by certain third-party advertising partners by opting out please click here or visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here. Please note that if you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not generally sell your Personal Information to third parties. In order to build the solutions for you, we may engage third parties to assist us, and, in connection with such assistance, we may provide them with Personal Information that you have provided and that is necessary for them to assist us. We may also share your Peronal Information with trusted vendors or other third parties in order for them to provide you with offers that we think you will find valuable.
We also use third parties to maintain and store your Personal Information and to process any payment you make to us. Generally, these third parties are required not to use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by Speedy Signs.
We currently have subsidiaries and other companies under a common control (collectively, "affiliates"). We may share some or all of your Personal Information with these affiliates, in which case we will require our affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
If our company or our assets are acquired by another company, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Speedy Signs; or (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of Speedy Signs or users of our websites or our customer's websites.
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information
Should you decide to stop receiving e-mail communications or newsletters from us, you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you e-mail regarding updates to legal notices applicable to the account you created with us. From time to time, we may contact you by telephone to offer you products or services which we believe may be valuable to you. Should you prefer not to receive such calls, please advise the representative who contacts you or contact customer care.
Regarding Minors
Our websites are not designed for minors under the age of 18. We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about visitors who are under the age of 18.
Links to Other Sites
Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites.
Security
We use reasonable measures to maintain the security of your Personal Information. Even so, technical mistakes are possible. No company, including Speedy Signs, can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.
Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement, please contact us:
SpeedySigns.com, Inc.
Attn: Legal
162 SW Spencer Court
Lake City, FL 32024
Phone: 386-755-2006
Privacy Statement Updates
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any changes in the way we use your Personal Information, we shall notify you by posting an updated Private Policy at www.speedysigns.com/terms. If you object to any such changes, you must cease using our website, products or services. Continued use of our website, products or services following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgment of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
Choice of Law
If you choose to visit Speedy Signs’ website or use our products or services, any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy as governed by the laws of the State of Florida.
Shipping and Risk of Loss
Speedy Signs does not guarantee delivery dates.
We will use our best effort to
communicate the delivery time with our customers.
We will not refund an order because
it did not arrive on an estimated delivery date.
Speedy Signs will use reasonable efforts to ship orders under the following
guidelines:
All stock items ordered before 3:00 PM EST ship on the same business day.
All stock items ordered after 3:00 PM EST ship on the next business day.
All custom items ship within 2 business days of completion.
All orders are shipped FOB Speedy Signs’ place of business, Lake City, Florida.
All items purchased from Speedy Signs are delivered pursuant to a shipment contract
with the carrier of our choosing. The risk of loss and title for such items will pass
to you upon our delivery of your order to the carrier. Any shipping damage should be
reported at the time of delivery to the shipping company. If special packaging is
required for proper shipping, you will be charged accordingly.
Refunds, Order Changes, and Cancellations
While we make every effort to produce your order exactly the way your ordered it, on the rare occasion where you believe we did not do this, we are committed to making sure your experience with us will be like no other company. In return, we ask that you tell others about why we made you so happy. The following steps are provided to help ensure that we work together to make your order right!
Bring it to Our Attention:
If you find there is a problem with your order once it arrives, let us know immediately (within 3 business days of delivery) by calling our customer support at 1-866-846-7446. In order to help us identify your order, please be prepared to share with us your order number, which can be found in the confirmation email you received. We may also request pictures of the product to hone in on the area(s) of concern.
What We will Do:
If the issue with your sign is something we did not produce correctly per your order details, we will reproduce and ship you a new sign within our standard production time, at no cost to you.
If the issue with your sign is something that has been overlooked during your purchase, we will reproduce and ship you a new sign within our standard production time, discounted up to half the original cost of your order. No need to go through the hassle of send that sign back to us. We know how important your sign is to you!
Cancellations:
Speedy Signs will use reasonable efforts, upon your request, to change or cancel your order prior to production. If the order has not yet started the production process, you will only be charged a 15% cancellation fee to cover the cost of processing the order along with credit card merchant fees on the charge & the refund.
Product Damage During Transport:
If for whatever reason your product was received damaged and it is determined to be the fault of the carrier, we will reproduce and ship you a new sign with our standard production time.
Return and Refund:
If you are simply looking to return a non-custom product and do not wish to have it replaced, we'll ask you to create a return label and ship the product back to us within fifteen (15) business days of delivery. Once received a refund, less 15% return/restock fee, will be credited via the original form of payment within three(3) business days.
Please return items to:
Signs Returns:
162 SW Spencer Ct.
Ste 101
Lake City, FL 32024
For custom items (these include all signs, banners, and magnets sold on our site as well as artwork assembled online or provided by you), we are unable to accept returns due to their unique nature. If a defect in manufacturing is present as reasonably determined by us, you are entitled to a correction of the product.
We ask that you work with our customer service team during proof approval and material selection to ensure the product we assemble will suit your needs.
Color Policy
Speedy Signs will print based off provided artwork files and
will use best judgment when to substitute for house colors.
Speedy
Signs does not guarantee color match or allow returns or
exchanges for orders placed with out a color match guarantee.
Color Match guarantee will delay order. A color sample will be
shipped ahead of the order and once approved the order will be
produced to match sample.
Additional charges will apply, for cost
information please contact customer service.
Indemnity
By using this Site, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold Speedy Signs
harmless from and against any and all liability, claims, costs and expenses
(including without limitation reasonable legal fees and expenses), alleging
or resulting from your use of the Site in violation or breach of this Agreement.
By submitting an order to us, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless
from and against any and all liability, claims, costs and expenses (including
reasonable legal fees and expenses) in any action by any third party based on
a claim that you infringed such third parties intellectual property rights.
All content on this Site, including but not limited to the arrangement and assembly
of the Site, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images and software
(collectively "Content"), is copyrighted as the original creation of Speedy
Signs, or used with the express permission of the copyright, trademark name or
service mark owner, and therefore is protected by U.S. and international
copyright laws. This Site and the Content may be used only to design and
order printed material from Speedy Signs or its authorized affiliates. Any
other use, including but not limited to, reproduction, modification, distribution,
redistribution, publication, or republication of any or all of the Content on this
site is strictly prohibited.
The Content, this Site or any portion of this Site may not be reproduced,
duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any purpose,
commercial or otherwise, that is not expressly permitted by Speedy Signs in
writing.
Personal and Non-Commercial Use Limitation
This Site is for your personal noncommercial use. The Content and software on
this site may only be used as a shopping resource. You may not modify, copy,
distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create
derivative works from, transfer, or sell any content, information, software,
products, or services obtained from this Site.
Trademarks
Speedy Signs™, Speedysigns™ and Speedysigns.com™ are trademarks and service marks
of Speedy Signs, and may not be used without the express written permission of Speedy Signs.
Our Rights
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Speedy Signs may elect to
electronically monitor areas of the Site and may disclose any information,
records, or electronic communication of any kind to:
satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; or
protect our rights or property or the rights of users,
sponsors, providers, licensers, licensees, vendors, or merchants.
If we are notified of allegedly infringing, defamatory, damaging, illegal, or
offensive content, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole
discretion whether to remove or request removal of such content from the Site.
WE MAY TERMINATE OR SUSPEND YOUR ACCESS TO THE SITE WITHOUT NOTICE FOR ANY CONDUCT
WE BELIEVE IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION IS VIOLATIVE OF THESE TERMS OF USE OR ANY
APPLICABLE LAW OR IS HARMFUL TO OUR INTERESTS.
We reserve the right to limit quantities of items purchased by each customer.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY
PROVIDED HEREIN, SPEEDY SIGNS PROVIDES THIS SITE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS.
SPEEDY SIGNS MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE PRODUCTS OFFERED ON THIS
SITE. SPEEDY SIGNS DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY
KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS SOLD ON THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO MERCHANTABILITY, AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL
SPEEDY SIGNS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS
SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COMPENSATORY, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
PUNITIVE, AND/OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, CONTENT, OR
AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION FOUND ON SITES THAT LINK TO OR FROM THE SITE FROM
THIRD PARTIES NOT ASSOCIATED WITH US.
Termination
These terms are effective until terminated by either party. If you no longer agree to
be bound by these Terms of Use, you must cease your use of the Site. If at any time after
such termination you return to the Site, your reuse of the Site will constitute a
re-acceptance of the Agreement.
YOU AGREE THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD-PARTY FOR ANY TERMINATION
OF YOUR ACCESS TO THE SITE.
Sales Taxes and Duties
We shall automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders from
the State of Florida. Customers from any other state or country shall be solely
responsible for all other taxes and duties applicable in their jurisdiction.
Jurisdiction and Venue
We control the Site from our offices in Lake City, Florida within the United
States. By using this site, you agree that any legal action brought against
Speedy Signs shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without
regard to its conflict of laws principles. By using this site you agree that the
sole jurisdiction and venue for any litigation arising from your use of this
site shall be an appropriate United States federal or Florida state court
located in Columbia County, Florida, United States. Use of this Site is
unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions
of these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, this paragraph.
General
These section titles in the Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or
contractual effect.
You agree that no agency, joint venture or partnership relationship exists between
you and Speedy Signs as a result of this Agreement or use of this Site.
If any part of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant
to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and
liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid enforceable provision
that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder
of the agreement shall continue in effect.
This Agreement (and any other terms and conditions referenced herein) constitutes the
entire agreement between you and Speedy Signs with respect to this Site and
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether
electronic, oral or written, between you and Speedy Signs with respect to the
Site. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic
form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon
or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions
as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Copyright Notice
Copyright © 2000-2012 SpeedySigns.com™, Inc., a Florida Corporation, 162 SW Spencer CT, Lake City,
Florida, United States. All Rights Reserved. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.