http://www.abrahamassociates.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use:
Abraham Associates Ltd is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others. Abraham Associates Ltd collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Cookies:
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
Log Files:
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Security:
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
We do not ask for sensitive information such as credit card numbers online.
We do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer services) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Supplementation of Information:
Abraham Associates Ltd does not share any information we receive from this website with any 3rd party sources.
Site and Service Updates:
We may send the user site and service announcement updates. Customers are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Notification of Changes:
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Registered Office:
Abraham Associates Ltd
3000a Parkway
Whiteley
Hampshire
PO15 7FX
Registered in England No. 307 44 37
VAT Registration No. 631 7977 13
Our Services
Find out more
Find out more about the wide rage of services offered by Abraham Associates and how they can help you with your next project.
Get in touch
Contact us to discuss your next project.
Contact Us