https://www.safetyglassesusa.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Categories
Safety Glasses
All Safety Glasses
All Safety Glasses
Anti-Fog Safety Glasses
AS-NZS Safety Glasses
Ballistic Safety Glasses
Best Sellers
Bifocal Safety Glasses
Bulk Safety Glasses
Children's Safety Glasses
CE Safety Glasses
Computer Safety Glasses
Convertible Safety Glasses
CSA Safety Glasses
Dielectric Safety Glasses
Driving Safety Glasses
Economy Safety Glasses
Foam-Padded Safety Glasses
Large Safety Glasses
Laser Safety Glasses
LED Safety Glasses
Made In USA Safety Glasses
Medical Safety Glasses
Military Safety Glasses
Motorcycle Glasses
Multi-Lens Safety Glasses
Nighttime Eyewear
Over-Prescription Safety Glasses
Photochromic Safety Glasses
Pink Safety Glasses
Polarized Safety Glasses
Retro Safety Glasses
Safety Glasses with Rx Inserts
Safety Sunglasses
Shooting Glasses
Small Safety Glasses
Solar Eclipse Eyewear
Staff Picks
Visitor Specs
Welding Safety Glasses
Women's Safety Glasses
Safety Goggles
All Safety Goggles
Anti-Fog Safety Goggles
Convertible Goggles
Fire & Rescue Goggles
Foam-Padded Goggles
Goggle Accessories
Made in USA Goggles
Medical Safety Goggles
Military & Tactical Goggles
Motorcycle Goggles
Over-Prescription Goggles
Perforated Goggles
Safety Goggles with Rx Inserts
Small Goggles
Splash Goggles
Welding Goggles
COVID-19
Gloves
All Gloves
Cut Resistant Gloves
Disposable Gloves
Leather Gloves
Military Gloves
Work Gloves
Head Protection
All Head Protection
Hard Hats
Head Pro Accessories
Hearing Protection
All Hearing Protection
Earmuffs
Electronic Earmuffs
Earplugs
Hearing Protection Accessories
High Visibility Clothing
All High Visibility Clothing
High Visibility Rainwear
Reflective Eyewear
Reflective Gloves
Safety Jackets
Safety Shirts
Safety Vests
Safety Gear
All Safety Gear
Cooling Products
Disposable Apparel
Dielectric Gear
Emergency Eyewash
Face Masks & Respirators
Face Protection
Footwear Traction
Heated Jackets
Pink Safety Products
Side Shields
Warming Products
Welding Protection
Sports Eyewear
All Sports Eyewear
AirSoft
Baseball & Softball
Cycling
Fishing
Golf
Motorcycle Eyewear
Running
Sports Accessories
Sunglasses
All Sunglasses
Oakley Sunglasses
Wiley X Sunglasses
Under Armour Sunglasses
Bobster Sunglasses
Cerakote Sunglasses
Edge Safety Sunglasses
ESS Sunglasses
Gargoyles Sunglasses
Made In USA Sunglasses
Military Sunglasses
ONOS Bifocal Sunglasses
Over-Prescription Sunglasses
Photochromic Sunglasses
Polarized Sunglasses
Smith Elite Sunglasses
Tactical Sunglasses
Rx Eyewear
More Products
All More Products
Backpacks
Clearance
Eyewear Cases & Pouches
Eyewear Strap Kits
Eyewear Frame & Nosepiece Kits
Eyewear Dispensers
Foam Gaskets
Hand Sanitizer & Wipes
Hats
LED Flashlights
Lens Cleaning Products
Misc Accessories
Multi-Tools
Notebooks
Neck Cords
Outerwear
Replacement Lenses
Rx Inserts
Shirts
Stick-On Bifocals
Brand Names
All Brand Names
3M
Bobster
Bolle
Bolle Tactical
Bouton
Bullhead
Carhartt
CAT
Chums
Crews
Crossfire
DeWalt
Ducks Unlimited
Edge Eyewear
Edge Tactical Eyewear
Elvex
Encon
ERB
ESS
Fenix
Field Notes
Gargoyles
Guard-Dogs
Guardian
Gunnar Optiks
Haber
Haven
Howard Leight
JSP
KleenGuard
Leatherman
Lift Safety
MCR Safety
Mechanix Wear
Moldex
Mossy Oak
NASCAR
NoIR
Noisefighters
Oakley
Oakley SI
ONOS
OPTX 20-20
PIP
Pyramex
Radians
Randolph
Rite In The Rain
Safety Optical
Smith Elite
Smith & Wesson
SOG
SureFire
Under Armour
Uvex
Venture Gear
Walkers
Wiley X
Youngstown Gloves
Home
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Safety Glasses USA collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.safetyglassesusa.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Safety Glasses USA.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the siteplace an order and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Safety Glasses USA collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service:Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience:We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site:We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions:We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails:The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Safety Glasses USA has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us. We recommend using our contact form or you may use the contact information listed below:
Safety Glasses USA1501 KDF DRThree Rivers, MI 49093P: 1-800-870-6189E: service@sgusa.uswww.safetyglassesusa.com
OK