https://www.arbutusrv.ca/info/privacy-policy.html
Toggle navigation
Menu
HomeHome
Contact Us
Inventory
Special Offers
Consign Your RV
Financing
Parts/service
Island RV Guide
Careers
CONTACT US INVENTORY SEARCH
Privacy Policy
Purpose and Scope:
At Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd. we recognize the importance of the privacy and sensitivity of personal information. Whether you are visiting us online or in person we want to make every customer experience safe and secure. To this end, our Privacy Policy sets out our responsibility of Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd. and your rights as our customer regarding our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
This policy applies to individuals who are customers of Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd. It does not apply to information collected, used or disclosed with respect to corporate or commercial entities.
Definitions:
Personal information” for the purposes of this policy means identifiable information about an individual. It does not include aggregate information which cannot be associated with a specific individual and it does not include the name, title, business address, or business telephone number of an individual.
“Customer” for the purposes of this policy is any individual who purchases, uses, or applies to use Arbutus RV & Marine Ltd products or services, including persons participating in Arbutus RV & Marine Ltd programs and persons visiting Arbutus RV & Marine Ltd web site.
“Third party” for the purposes of this policy is an individual or an organization other than Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd and the customer.
Our Responsibilities:
Section 1: Accountability
Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd
is accountable for the personal information under its control . Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd has appointed a Privacy Officer who is responsible for the corporation's compliance with this Policy.
Other individuals within Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd
may be delegated to act on behalf of the Privacy Officer or to take responsibility for the day to day collection and processing of personal information.
Section 2: Purposes for Collection, Use, and Disclosure
Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd collects and used personal information about individuals for the following purposes:
•  To develop, enhance, or provide products and services
•  To process payment for the use of our products and services
For example, we collect and use financial information to process payment for your purchased services and products.
•  In order to improve the products and services we provide
For example, we administer customer satisfaction surveys. Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd
is very dedicated to providing superior customer service and we may use information voluntarily provided on customer satisfaction surveys in order to improve our products and services.
•  In order to understand and respond to questions
For example, where inquiries are e-mailed to us through the “contact us” page on our web site https://www.arbutusrv.ca, or where you provide personal information to our staff when asking questions about our products or services, we collect and use the information you provide to us for the purpose of understanding your inquiry and responding to it.
•  For identification purposes
For example, we will require personal information to identify you in order to provide you with access, further to this policy, to any records we hold containing your personal information.
•  For direct marketing purposes
For example, we may use your contact information to provide you with information about new products, services, or events which we feel would be of interest to you.
•  To comply with legal and regulatory requirements
For example, we may collect and use personal information in response to a court order or to fulfill government reporting requirements.
Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd does not disclose your personal information to any other party to assist them in marketing their products or services.
The only circumstances under which personal information may be disclosed to third parties is for the fulfillment of any purposes identified above, as required or authorized by law, or with customer consent. Where personal information is disclosed to a third party for the fulfillment of any purposes identified above, Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that the third party has appropriate security procedures in place for the protection of the personal information transferred to it.
This website stores cookies on your computer.  These cookies are used to
collect information about how you interact with our website and allow
us to remember you.  We use this information in order to improve and
customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about
our visitors both on this website and other media.
Section 3: Consent
Unless we hear otherwise from you, your use of our products and services constitutes consent for us to collect, use and disclose personal information for the purposes stated in this policy.
You may refuse or withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal and contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. Depending on the circumstances, refusal or withdrawal of consent may prevent us from providing to you a product or service.
You may refuse or withdraw your consent by contacting us at 250.743.3800. Our Privacy Officer will explain your options and any consequences of refusing or withdrawing consent, and will record your choices.
Section 4: Limiting Collection
We collect personal information only for the purposes identified above.
Section 5: Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention
We do not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than those for which it was collected, except as required by law, or with consent.
Personal information is retained only as long as is necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected, or as required by law.
Section 6: Accuracy
Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information is as accurate, complete, and current as required for the purposes for which it was collected. In some cases, Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd relies on individuals to ensure that certain information about them, such as their home address and contact information, is current, complete, and accurate.
Section 7: Safeguards
Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information is protected against such risks as loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, modification, or destruction. Safeguards include physical, administrative, and electronic security measures.
Section 8: Openness Concerning Policies and Practices
Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd will make available specific information about its policies and practices regarding the management of personal information. To contact us to obtain further information regarding our policies and practices, please refer to section 12 below.
Section 9: Access
Customers have the right to access their personal information under the control of Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd Our Privacy Officer will assist customers with their access requests. Access requests should be made, in writing, to the Privacy Officer at: Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd.
735 Cloverdale Ave.
Victoria , B.C. V8X 2S6
Or by e-mail: roselittle@arbutusrv.ca
In certain exceptional situations, further to privacy legislation, Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd may not be able to provide access to certain personal information that it holds about an individual. Examples of where Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd. may not provide access include, but are not limited to, the following:
•  where provision may reveal personal information about another individual
•  where the information is subject to solicitor-client privilege: or
•  where the information was collected in relation to the investigation of a breach of an agreement or a contravention of a federal or provincial law.
If access cannot be provided, we will notify the individual making the request, in writing, of the reasons for the refusal.
Where access has been provided and where the information is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete, we will amend the information as required. Where appropriate, we will transmit the amended information to third parties having access to the information in question.
Section 10: Revisions To This Privacy Policy
The development of Arbutus RV & Marine Ltd policies and procedures for the protection of personal information is an ongoing process. Due to changes in technology and legal requirements, we may revise this policy from time to time. Please ensure that you refer to the current version of Arbutus RV & Marine Ltd Privacy Policy. The current version will be posted on our website at https://www.arbutusrv.ca
or made available to you by writing to us at:
Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd
Attn: Privacy Officer
3430 Trans.Canada Hwy
Mill Bay, BC
Section 11: Websites
When you visit our web site, https://www.arbutusrv.ca, without registering or otherwise interacting with the site, your personal information and e-mail address are not recorded. However, in order to meet your needs as best as we can, some of our forms require you to enter personal information. We will require personal information when you take part in customer surveys, request information about the products and services, offered by us or our affiliates and suppliers.
Section 12: Question or Concerns Regarding Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd. Compliance Individuals may direct their general questions regarding privacy practices to Arbutus RV & Marine Sales Ltd, as well as any questions or concerns regarding Arbutus RV & Marine Ltd compliance with this policy, to the Privacy Officer at roselittle@arbutusrv.ca
or by phone at 250.743.3800 .
We will investigate all complaints received in writing. If a complaint is found to be justified, we will take appropriate measures to resolve the complaint including, if necessary, amending our policies and procedures. A customer will be informed, in writing, of the outcomes of the investigation regarding his or her complaint.
For general questions regarding privacy regulations, contact the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Canada at 112 Kent St, Ottawa , Ont K1A 1H3 or visit the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada 's website at http://www.oipcbc.org.
Sign Up For Exclusive Offers & Latest RV News
Thanks for signing up!
Sign Up
Sign Up
I understand and agree that by checking the box that I am subscribing to receiving EXCLUSIVE OFFERS, newsletters and other periodic informative advertisements from Arbutus RV & Island RV Guide websites. I am also aware that I can unsubscribe at any time by contacting Arbutus RV & Island RV Guide directly or from a link in their e-mailouts that appears at the bottom of the newsletter or advertisement.
Copyright © 2020 - All Rights Reserved - arbutusrv.ca
Thanks to OS Templates
×
Notice
Close