http://www.advanis.ca/privacy_policy2.html
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
These details apply to your participation in this survey. By participating in this survey, you agree to the terms of our privacy policy and consent to the collection and use of your personal information according to the conditions set forth in this policy.
Participating in a survey
Have you been invited to participate in a survey conducted by Advanis? We thank you for your participation. Advanis has been trusted by private sector companies and public sector organizations that are conducting research to understand more about consumers and the general public. Your answers will help these organizations better serve the public in the future.
Your responses are confidential and will be combined with other responses to be reported as an aggregate group. Privacy is very important to us. If you have any questions about the research, you can contact us through the email address provided on your survey or by emailing privacy@advanis.net.
We first obtained Gold Seal status from the Canadian Market Research and Intelligence Association in 2009. Since 2019, we have been a member of the Canadian Research Insights Council and adhere to its high standards in all our research.
Respondent Rights
As a member of the Canadian Research Insights Council, we adhere to its standards.  These rights are an important part of CRIC's standards as it lets Canadians know that we are serious about our commitment to respecting their Rights as research project participants, and it will enable them to better distinguish between legitimate research and fraudulent selling-under-the-guise of research.
Please review the standards here.
Data Collected on Our Site
Your personal information is treated with the highest standards of confidentiality by Advanis. Survey answers will be grouped with other participant responses, and your personal information will only be used for the purposes stated in the survey. We will not use this information for any purposes other than those consistent with market research requirements and guidelines.
We will only share your personal information and survey responses with the sponsor of this research if you specifically agree or request to be contacted by the sponsor or, in some cases, do not choose the opt-out selection that can be part of the survey. In these instances, the information you agree to forward will be provided to the sponsor.
Third-Party Disclosure
The research sponsor and Advanis will not share or sell your survey responses or personal information with any other company or individual. Reasonable steps have been taken to prevent the accidental disclosure of personal information, which is maintained on a secure, fire-walled internal network.
Security
Personal information provided to Advanis in this survey is relayed to a secure server via encrypted transmissions. Advanis uses 128 bit encryption to ensure that your personal information is reasonably protected against interception.
Cookies
We use cookies and other similar devices sparingly and only for quality control, validation, and prevention of bothersome repeat surveying. You can configure your browser to notify you when cookies are being placed on your computer. You can also delete cookies by adjusting your browser settings.
Internal Use
Other information collected is used to monitor traffic flow on our website in order to manage the site more effectively and to ensure that the content is useful. This information is not associated with your personal information once you have completed the survey.
Changes to this Policy
The foregoing policy is in effect as of November 1, 2003. We reserve the right to alter this policy statement at any time by posting the revised policy on this website. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Contact Information
If you require any further information about this Privacy Policy or have any concerns regarding this survey and the protection of your personal information, please forward your request to:
The email address provided in the survey and/or email invitation.
or
Alternatively, you can forward your request, along with your original email invitation (if applicable) by either of the following methods.
By email:privacy@advanis.net
By mail:
Privacy Director
Advanis
Suite 200 Sun Life Place
10123 99 Street
Edmonton AB T5J 3H1
Canada
Other languages:
Chinese (Simplified)
French
German
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Spanish
Participating in a surveyPrivacy Policy
Canadian Research Insights Council