https://www.canplast.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Canplast
TwitterContact UsSearch
Menu
Menu You are here: Home1 / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy SURTECO USA INC. is committed to protecting your online privacy. We can be reached via e-mail at info@na.surteco.com or you can reach us by telephone at 336-668-9555.SURTECO USA INC. reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check back frequently in order to see changes, and Your use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the privacy policy, as it may be amended from time to time.Collection of Personal Information from Site Users:a) SURTECO USA INC. may collect and/or track (1) the home server domain names, e-mail addresses, type of computer, and type of Web browser of visitors to the Site, (2) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with SURTECO USA INC. or the Site via e-mail, (3) information knowingly provided by the visitor in online forms, registration forms and surveys, (including name, address, e-mail and other personal profile data), and (4) aggregate and user-specific information regarding page views.b) SURTECO USA INC. may place Internet “cookies” on visitors’ hard drives. Internet cookies save data about individual visitors, such as the visitor’s name, password, user-name, screen preferences, the pages of a site viewed by the visitor, and the advertisements viewed or clicked by the visitor. When the visitor revisits the Site, SURTECO USA INC. may recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor’s experience accordingly. Visitors may decline Internet cookies, if any, by using the appropriate feature of their Web client software, if available; however, this may impair certain features of the Site.Disclosure of Personal Data Collected:SURTECO USA INC. may disclose personally identifiable information about you to Third Parties as follows:a) With your consent.b) To SURTECO USA INC.’s agents and advisors (such as our accountants or attorneys). We only disclose the personal information necessary for them to provide their services to you or to us, and only under strict confidentiality restrictions.c) As SURTECO USA INC. believes necessary to: (a) comply with law (including court and government orders, and civil subpoenas); (b) enforce or apply SURTECO USA INC.’s Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or (c) protect the rights, property, or safety of SURTECO USA INC., our users, or others.d) If you partake (or we reasonably suspect that you are partaking) in any illegal or potentially illegal activity. We may disclose personal information even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, to the extent we feel is necessary to inform and cooperate with law enforcement agencies or other appropriate authorities.e) In aggregated form, i.e., information about multiple users collectively without identifying any individual user, such as the total number of visitors to a particular section in a given week.Third Party Sites:The SURTECO USA INC. website may contain links to other websites. SURTECO USA INC. is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of these other websites. We encourage End Users to review the privacy policy statements of those sites.Opt-Out Right:Visitors may opt-out of having their personal information collected by SURTECO USA INC. or used by SURTECO USA INC. for secondary purposes, by contacting SURTECO USA INC. via email at info@na.surteco.com or via postal mail or telephone at the address and phone number below.Governing Law:This Privacy Policy and the privacy practices of SURTECO USA INC. will be subject exclusively to the laws of the Province of Ontario within Canada. SURTECO USA INC. makes no representation that this Privacy Policy and such practices comply with the laws of any other country. Visitors who use the Site and reside outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. If you reside outside of the United States, by using the Site, you consent to the transfer and use of your information outside your country.Contacting Us:If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at 7104 Cessna Drive, Greensboro, NC or above phone number or at info@na.surteco.com. HomeSitemapContact UsUS: 336-668-9555 Toll free: 800-577-9555 email:info@na.surteco.comCopyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
© Copyright - Canplast TwitterSitemapTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy Scroll to top