http://www.iadc-dredging.com/privacy
Data privacy
The IADC takes the protection of your personal data extremely seriously. We want you to know what data we collect, when we collect it and how we use it.
Technical and organisational measures have been taken to ensure that the data privacy regulations are observed both by ourselves and by our service providers.
During the further development of our web pages and the implementation of new technologies, it may be that changes to this data privacy statement become necessary. Therefore, we recommend that from time to time, you read through this data privacy statement again.
Stored data
In some places on our website, you are requested to enter personal data in forms (e.g. to register for a newsletter). We require this information in order to meet your wishes. You can decide freely whether you wish to enter this data or not. Your personal data is not combined or compared with other data, rather it is only used for the purposes desired by you.
Forwarding of personal data
Personal data which has been logged during access to the IADC's website is only transferred to third parties outside the IADC when we are obliged to do so in one or more of the following instances: by law, by a court order, the forwarding is necessary, in the event of attacks on the Internet infrastructure of the IADC, or for the purposes of legal or criminal prosecution. Forwarding to third parties for any other purposes does not take place.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics cookies to collect and store data for optimisation purposes. Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the web browser. The cookies enable the Internet browser to be recognised. The data collected with Google Analytics are not used to personally identify the visitor of this website without the separate consent of the data subject and are not combined with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym. IADC has an editing agreement with Google where the last octet of the IP-number is masked and ‘sharing data’ is not active. IADC does not use Google services in combination with Google Analytics-cookies.
E-MAIL DISCLAIMER
E-mails from IADC may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient. Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by others is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender by reply e-mail and delete all copies of this message. IADC is neither liable for the proper and complete transmission of the contents in this e-mail nor for any delay in its receipt.
SUBSCRIBE
To subscribe to out newsletter, please fill out your email address and click the subscribe button.
Email*
I would like to receive the following emails:
Newsletter (six times a year)
Newly published Facts About sheets
Upcoming seminars
Newly published Terra et Aqua journal
Upcoming webinars
IADC respects your privacy under the General Data Protection Regulation.
subscribe
Geslaagd.