https://www.tenax.net/en/privacy/
Privacy Policy (GDPR)
We would like to inform you that with the application of the European General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR) on May 25th 2018, you will find here below the updated version of the privacy policy
and cookie policy.
The new disclosure explains in simpler words the essential points concerning the data we collect about
you, the reasons why we process your personal data and your rights.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Collection of your personal and corporate data
TENAX SpA collects personal and corporate information, such as e-mail addresses and company names.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software. This information can include:
your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used by TENAX SpA for the operation of the service, to maintain the quality of the
service, and to provide general statistics regarding the use of the website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally
sensitive data, for example through TENAX SpA Contact area in our website, this information may be
collected and used by others.
TENAX SpA encourages you to review the privacy statements of our linked websites. TENAX SpA is not
responsible for the privacy protection of websites which are outside of TENAX SpA and its family of
websites.
Subjects of the treatment
The data controller and the Entity in charge of the treatment is TENAX SpA.
We remind you that it is possible at any time to contact TENAX SpA and send any question or request
concerning personal data and privacy, by writing to privacy@tenax.net.
TENAX SpA collects and uses your personal information to operate the website and for the purposes
intended by the website.
TENAX SpA does not sell, rent or lease your personal information to third parties.
TENAX SpA may share data with trusted partners to perform statistical analysis, send you emails or
postal mails, provide customer support etc.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these
services to TENAX SpA and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
TENAX SpA keeps track of the pages the visitors open within the website, in order to determine e.g. which
products are the most popular ones. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising, and
to provide a more targeted service.
TENAX SpA will disclose your personal information only if required to do so by law or in good faith
believing that such action is necessary to: (a) meet legal requirements; (b) protect and defend the
rights or property of TENAX SpA; (c) or under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of
users of TENAX SpA, or the public.
Edit, delete or receive a copy of personal data
You can at any time request to view, to change or to cancel your personal data sending a request to the
email address privacy@tenax.net.
Use of Cookies
TENAX SpA website uses “cookies” to help you customize your online experience. A cookie is a text file
that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver
viruses to your computer.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose
of a cookie is for example to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page and recall
your specific information.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting, choosing
from: accept all cookies; visualize a pop-up window that lets you choose in each case whether to accept
them or not; or decline all cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you will NOT be able
to fully experience the features of TENAX SpA website. If you wish to disable Google Analytics’s cookies
(Google DoubleClick), please visit the corresponding webpage on Google (https://tools.google.com/dlpage
/gaoptout?hl=en-GB) to download the specific add-on for your browser.
Cookies used by TENAX SPA
Google Analytics and third party services of Google Inc.
Logons and user interactions on this site are analyzed by the service Google Analytics, run by Google,
Inc.
Youtube and third party services of Google Inc.
Youtube is a social network operated by Google Inc., dedicated to the display of video contents. It gives
the chance to integrate its contents within your own pages.
Google Fonts, a service by Google Inc.
Google Fonts is a service that allows you to incorporate and display custom font styles, operated by
Google Inc.
Contact form
The visitor agrees to the use of the data entered in the contact form in order to respond to his/her
requests for offer or information, or any other types of requests, as indicated in the title of the form.
Preferred language
Save your preferred language on the website.
Social media buttons
In order to create buttons for social media (Facebook, Linkedin, YouTube) and link them to the
corresponding social media and external websites, our pages feature scripts coming from domains which are
not under our control. These sites could gather information about the movements of the user inside the
Internet, and in our website in particular.
If you click on these buttons, the afore mentioned websites will register your action and could make use
of the information related to this. For more information on data usage from these websites, and to know
how to avoid data being gathered, please see the related privacy statements of each website.
Security of your personal information
TENAX SpA secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, keeping the data
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment.
Changes to this statement
TENAX SpA will occasionally update this privacy policy to meet legal requirements and reflect customers
feedback. TENAX SpA encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how TENAX SpA
is protecting your information.
Contact information
TENAX SpA welcomes your comments regarding this privacy policy. For any request, please contact us at
privacy@tenax.net.
Cookie
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our site. Cookies are files stored in your browser and are used to help personalise your web experience, for more information click here. By continuing to use our website without changing the settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.