http://www.designlsm.com/privacy-policy/
DesignLSM Privacy Policy
At DesignLSM we are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy.  This policy governs the manner in which DesignLSM, collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected. Should you provide certain information by which you can be identified when using the DesignLSM website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect:
We may collect your personal information through the following ways:
When you subscribe to the DesignLSM mailing list through the website.
When you contact DesignLSM by telephone or email.
We may ask you for certain personal information such as your name, telephone number, email address, private or business address as well as information that relates to the service you are enquiring about.
We may also collect non-personal demographic information about you via Google Analytics whenever you interact with our website.
What we do with the information we gather:
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with the best possible service. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, we may periodically send promotional emails including insight pieces and company news.  If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent personal information to others.  We may use third-party service providers to help us administer activities on our behalf such as sending out newsletters and promotional material.  We may share your information with these parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Data Security
DesignLSM is governed by the data protection laws in the UK and takes all reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure.
Cookies
The DesignLSM website uses a number of ‘Cookies’ for Google analytics.  This tool is used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling us to better understand how users use the website.  This in turn, enables us to improve the website and the services offered through it.
Amending or removing your details
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about how we handle your personal information, then you may contact us by emailing privacy@designlsm.com.
You have the right to tell us if you:
Don’t want to be contacted in the future
Would like us to correct, update or delete your personal information in our records
Wish to report any misuse of your personal information.
Social Media Platforms
Communications, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies held by each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and to communicate and engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own personal details and privacy.  This website nor its owners will ever ask for sensitive or personal information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by email or telephone.
Changes to this privacy policy
DesignLSM may update this policy from time to time.  We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
This document was last updated on 22nd May 2018