https://www.monacocorp.co.nz/privacy
Monaco Corporation Privacy Policy
Monaco Corporation Limited (Monaco Corporation) is committed to protecting personal privacy. This
Privacy Policy outlines the type of information that is collected by Monaco Corporation and how it is
used and protected. This Policy explains what to do if an individual does not want personal
information collected and how information that has already been provided to Monaco Corporation can
be changed.
Consent to Monaco Corporation’s Privacy Policy
By submitting personal information, which includes registering a product, an individual agrees with
the terms of Monaco Corporation’s current Privacy Policy. If an individual does not agree with any term
within this Policy, then personal information should not be provided, no-one is obligated to provide
personal information. However, failure to do so may result in Monaco Corporation being unable to
provide an individual with product(s) and/or provide certain services including after sales service.
Collecting of Personal Information
As used in this Privacy Policy, 'personal information' means personally identifiable information such
as an individual’s name, street address, email address and telephone numbers.
Personal information maybe requested by Monaco Corporation to enable an individual to register for a
product warranty or promotion, receive information or mailings, buy a product or service from Shriro
Australia, fill out a survey, make a comment or enquiry or for a variety of other reasons. Please be
assured that Monaco Corporation will not collect any personal information unless an individual provides this information voluntarily.
When Monaco Corporation is provided with personal information, the individual is authorising Shriro
Australia to use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How Monaco Corporation Uses Personal Information
Personal information and the information Monaco Corporation gathers are used solely by Shriro
Australia for the express purpose for which it was collected eg to respond to an enquiry, register a
product warranty, entry into a promotion etc. It may also be used by Monaco Corporation to improve
Monaco Corporation’s products and web sites as well as means of contacting an individual regarding
other products and services which may be of interest to the individual. Monaco Corporation may also
share it with, or pass it to other brands within the Shriro Group. At any time, however, an individual
may opt out of such future contact. (See "Who to Contact" below).
At times Monaco Corporation may retain third parties to process and analyse data collected eg
information collected on the Monaco Corporation web sites, including personal information, solely to
help improve Monaco Corporation’s products and web sites. In addition, if a product or service is
ordered from Monaco Corporation then personal information may be shared with Monaco Corporation’s
suppliers and other third parties to allow delivery of such product or service. These suppliers and
other third parties are not authorised by Monaco Corporation to use personal information in any other
way.
Finally, please note that Monaco Corporation will release an individual’s personal information if required
to do so by law.
Security of Information
Monaco Corporation takes all reasonable precautions to keep personal information secure. Access to
personal information is permitted among Monaco Corporation’s employees only on a need-to-know
basis.
Changes in Monaco Corporation’s Policy
Monaco Corporation reserves the right to change or remove the Monaco Corporation Privacy Policy at Shriro
Australia’s discretion. If Monaco Corporation decides to change the Privacy Policy, the changes will be
posted here.
Who to Contact
If an individual does not want to be contacted in the future by Monaco Corporation, would like to correct
or update personal information in Monaco Corporation’s records, has any comments or questions about
the Privacy Policy or would like to report any possible violations of the Privacy Policy they should
contact:
By email: webmaster@shriro.com.au or;
By mail: Monaco Corporation Pty Limited
PO BOX 4399
Shortland Street
Auckland
1140
New Zealand or;
By phone: +64 9 415 7444
To assist Monaco Corporation action the request, an individual’s full name including details of the brand
or Shriro contact to which the request relates to should be provided.
Monaco Corporation is committed to protecting an individual’s privacy. Please do not hesitate to contact
Monaco Corporation with any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy.
Company
Home
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Recalls
Shriro Holdings Ltd
Kitchen Appliances
BLANCO Kitchen Appliances
Omega Kitchen Appliances
Robinhood Kitchen Appliances
Casio Electronics
Edifice Men's Watches
G-shock Men's Watches
Baby-G Women's Watches
Point of Sale (POS)
Keyboard, Digital Pianos
Education, Calculators
Digital Cameras
Projectors
Lifestyle Products
Everdure BBQs
Everdure Heaters
Everdure Appliances
Mercator
Pioneer
Dali
Back To Top