http://www.mesirowfinancial.com/policies/
Skip to main content
We invest in what matters
our clients
our communities
our culture
Explore
DIFFERENTIATED CAPABILITIES
Our products and services encompass global investment management, capital markets, investment banking, retirement services and wealth management. Find out more
WELCOMING ERIK BAREFIELD
Erik rejoins Mesirow in a new role focused on driving growth and client solutions across our traditional investment management strategies. READ PRESS RELEASE
New brand identity unveiled
With a modernized logo and new website, Mesirow continues to evolve, innovate, and invest in state-of-the-art technology as we serve clients in the digital age. Read press release
CAPITAL MARKETS INNOVATION
Mesirow Capital Markets acts as senior underwriter for one of the first tax-exempt healthcare public-private partnership ("P3") financings in the US Read press release
DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION
We stand with the African American community, all people of color and their allies in the peaceful, unrelenting fight for social justice. Read our Six-Point Commitment
CURRENCY MANAGER OF THE YEAR
Mesirow is MoneyAge's 2020 Currency Manager of the Year; award recognizes customized approach, specialized expertise and innovation. Learn more
83
Years of market experience* Meet leadership
100%
Voting shares held by employees* Culture In Action
$172B
Total assets under supervision* Invest With Us
100
Top score on Corporate Equality Index* Diversity, equity & inclusion
“We are always inspired...
to do our best for clients and succeed in finding solutions for them as well as for the communities where we all live and work.” Richard S. Price, Chairman and CEO
Our story
Responsibility
All Responsibility
Sustainability
Community Engagement
Diversity, equity & Inclusion
Featured capabilities
All Capabilities
Currency
Currency management
Manage unrewarded currency risk through customized passive and active solutions
Find Out More
Mutual Funds
Small Cap Value Sustainability Fund
Gain favorable risk-adjusted return potential while driving positive social and environment impact
Find Out More
Banking
MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS
Sophisticated, creative solutions aligned with specific business objectives
Find Out More
Mutual Funds
High Yield Fund
Capitalize on strong income potential through a portfolio of smaller-mid size high yield names
Find Out More
Retirement
FIDUCIARY SOLUTIONS
Manage fiduciary risk through 3(21) and 3(38) partnerships and more
Find Out More
Wealth
Customized wealth planning
Connect to what matters today and across generations through a comprehensive, individualized wealth plan
Find Out More
RETIREMENT
myFinancial Future
Access a professionally managed, customized retirement portfolio through our advisor managed accounts.
Find Out More
CAPITAL MARKETS
P3 financing expertise
Discover how our capital markets teams collaborate on innovative public-private partnership ("P3") financings
Find Out More
Insights
All Insights
Expertise for every investor
Review the latest on markets, sectors and investing from across our core businesses: Global Investment Management, Capital Markets & Investment Banking and Advisory Services.
CURRENCY
Strategies for managing emerging market currency risk for US dollar investors
Learn more
WEALTH
Seven tips for year-end wealth planning as 2020 draws to a close
Read article
EQUITIES
COVID-19 and the "great monetary reflation"
Read article
Careers
Careers
“As part of a team that carries through the firm’s client-first focus, I work to deliver differentiated services for the retirement industry. It is fulfilling to see clients that I partner with achieve positive results and continue to grow over the years.”
Lavanya Batchu, Fiduciary Solutions
“As corporate America embraces the challenges of achieving social justice and racial equality, the Mesirow Inclusion Council continues to chart a path forward with our business leaders that we believe will yield impactful DEI dividends for the community, the firm, and its employees well into the future.”
Ben Blakney, Mesirow Inclusion Council Co-Chair and President, Institutional Real Estate Direct
Spark
Our quarterly email featuring insights on the markets, sectors and investing
Email
Also receive Mesirow news and announcments
Leave this field blank
*Data as of 9.30.2020.
Assets under supervision include assets under management, assets under advisement and other client non-securities assets such as currency assets on which the firm earns fees for advisory and other services. Real Estate assets under management are as of 6.30.20 and include regulatory assets under management (gross asset value plus unfunded commitments). Private Equity assets under management are as of 6.30.20 and are calculated by adding uncalled commitments and net asset value as of a period end. The most recent data for Real Estate and Private Equity is preliminary and estimated. Mesirow Currency Management AUM reflects assets under management for both currency risk management products (passive and active management) and alpha and macro products. Risk management product AUM reflects the total foreign currency portfolio exposure of passive and active clients’ underlying portfolios allocated to the Currency Division. Alpha and macro product AUM reflect the client’s total investment amount in the alpha and macro strategies of the Currency Division, which is calculated based on an annualized 2% volatility target. The current allocation to the currency sleeve of the Enhanced Core Plus Fund is a notional 10%. Some assets under advisement are on a 45-to-90-day lag due to time needed to confirm away assets. Assets reported include $7B, as of 6.30.20, in assets under advisement. As of 7.31.20, an additional 93 plans and $2.2B in assets under advisement are reported which are a result of Retirement Advisory Services’ partnership with CIBC Corporate Retirement Services.