https://www.ais-inc.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Build Your Chair
Image Library
Products
Quick Ship Products
Panel Systems
Beam & Benching/Desking
Laminate Casegoods & Reception
Tables & Conferencing
Storage
Seating
Screens, Worktools & Accessories
View All Products
Product Stylist
Spaces
Spaces By Application
Spaces By Showroom
Client Spaces/Case Studies
Resources
Product Information
Price Lists
Idea Starters
Fabrics and Finishes
Installation Support
Government
Design Resources
Product Stylist
Image Library
About
Who We Are
News & Events
Sustainability
Careers
AIS Gives Back
Contact
Get in Touch
Find a Rep
Find a Showroom
Literature Request
Login
DealerNet
RepNet
Image Library
Build Your Chair
Privacy Policy
Purpose
This Privacy Policy is designed to inform you how the online properties of the Affordable Interior Systems Inc. Website collects, uses and discloses the information you provide via this Site and the choices you have regarding the use of the information. By utilizing this site, you acknowledge that you have reviewed, and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Affordable Interior Systems Inc. reserves the right to revise these policies from time to time, therefore users should refer back periodically prior to submitting personal information to ensure you are familiar with the most current version.
How Your Information Is Used
Affordable Interior Systems Inc. does not rent, sell, or exchange information about our visitors or registered users. Visitor and registered user personal information is contained within secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of qualified Affordable Interior Systems Inc. members who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. Third parties, who may require access of Affordable Interior Systems Inc. information in order to provide operational or other support services, are required to comply with Affordable Interior Systems Inc.’s highest standards of security. We gather only the information that is needed to; (a) personalize your Site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested; (b) allow us to better respond to your customer service requests; (c) to maintain our business records for reasonable periods, and to manage and administer our business generally; (d) to meet legal, regulatory, insurance, security and processing requirements.
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. As a result, while, Affordable Interior Systems Inc. strives to protect the privacy of information we collect, Affordable Interior Systems Inc. cannot ensure that any information transmitted will be 100% secure.
Automatic Retrieval of Information
Affordable Interior Systems Inc. may use certain electronic tools to capture information about how you access our online Website, for instance the type of browser and operating system being used. This information is only for use by Affordable Interior Systems Inc. to understand user behavior, which helps to improve site quality and functionality.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if allowed) and often stored on one’s computer each time one visits a new website. AIS, Inc. uses cookies to help personalize the user’s experience. Cookies also help to uniquely identify users’ computers for security purposes. These cookies do not contain personally identifiable information. The user may opt to set his or her browser to refuse cookies. However, refusal of cookies may affect the experience at many websites, including the AIS Website.
Cookie Policy: This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. By continuing to browse and scroll, you agree to our use of cookies.
Got it
More information