http://www.brown-intl.com/privacy-policy/
Let’s reach excellence together.
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to Brown. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and protect the personal information we collect from you. References in this Privacy Policy to “we,” “us,” or “our” are references to Brown, but not to any other affiliated entities. We operate our website from the United States and store the information we collect through our website in the United States. This Privacy Policy may change periodically, so please check back from time to time. This Privacy Policy was last updated on August 24, 2018.
How We Collect Personal Information
We collect personal information about you when you voluntarily choose to disclose such information to us. For example, you may disclose personal information to us when you submit information by website, email, mail, telephone, or any other means. This personal information may include your name, company, email address, phone number, reason for your inquiry, nature of the services sought, or any other information you choose to provide.
We may collect personal information about you from another source, such as from your representative, your business associate, or a publicly available source. If you provide personal information to us about someone else (such as one of your employees or business associates), you acknowledge that you are authorized to disclose that information to us and that, without taking any further steps, we may collect, use, store, and disclose that personal information as described in this Privacy Policy as if it were disclosed to us directly by such other person.
We also collect certain information through automatic means. For example, we use cookies and other technologies to collect certain information when you use the http://brown-intl.com/ website or other sites linked to it. The information collected through our website includes location, IP address, browser type, and content viewed. You can manage or disable cookies at any time by adjusting your browser settings.
Why We Use or Process Your Personal Information
Legal Services: We collect your personal information so that we may provide our services to you and communicate with you about our services. This includes providing you with information about our services, communicating with you about those services, performing a contract with you, or enhancing the services we offer.
Marketing: We may also collect your personal information for direct marketing based on your consent or to contact you about events, tradeshows or programs that are of interest to you. You have the option to withdraw your consent at any time. We also may process information collected through cookies, such as your location data, IP address, and content viewed on our website, for marketing purposes. You can manage or disable cookies at any time by adjusting your browser settings.
Legal Obligations: We will use or process personal information as necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject. This includes using or processing personal information to defend ourselves from claims against us or to satisfy any government reporting obligations and requests.
Other Legitimate Interests: We may process your personal information for any other legitimate interests not described above. These interests may include analyzing use of our website or services, improving our website and its content, fulfilling our obligations to our customers and others, and managing our customer and vendor relationships.
How We Disclose Your Personal Information
We will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information.
We will disclose personal information within our company and across offices for the legal and legitimate purposes described above. We will also disclose your personal information to third party service providers that perform services for us and who are obligated to secure the information, such as information technology service providers, consultants, and analytics or marketing providers. We may disclose personal information as required by a court order or any other legal or regulatory requirement, including in response to requests from public and government authorities, or to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We take reasonable measures to protect personal information from misuse, interference, and unauthorized loss, access, modification or disclosure. We undertake industry standard data protection practices, including by deploying a variety of commercially available software and hardware security tools. Despite such measures, the security of data transmission over the Internet or a database of information cannot be guaranteed. While we will strive to protect your personal information, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any of your personal information. We will not be and are not liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission, networks that we do not control, or unauthorized acts of third parties.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We will keep your personal information in accordance with all applicable laws and until such time as we no longer expect to need to use it for any legal and legitimate purpose. At the appropriate time, we will take reasonable steps to destroy your personal information in a safe manner.
Your Rights With Regard to Your Personal Information
Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Policy, this policy only addresses our use and disclosure of personal information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your personal information to third parties, including any third party website linked from any of our websites, you are subject to the privacy practices and policies of those third parties.
Our other obligations to you as our customer, if applicable, are described in our terms of engagement or otherwise arise as a result of applicable law.
Subject to local law, you may have certain rights regarding personal information we have collected about you. These rights may include the right to (a) request access to the personal information we have collected about you, (b) update or correct such information if you believe there is an inaccuracy, (c) restrict the processing of your personal information, (d) request deletion of your personal information, (e) object to our use of your personal information, or (f) request transmission of your personal information to another data controller. If you would like to exercise any of these rights provided under local law, please send us an email at info@brown-intl.com. If you would like to make a complaint about how we handled your personal information, or make a complaint about a breach of data protection laws, please send us an email at info@brown-intl.com.
Complaints will be investigated and the outcome of the investigation will be communicated to you in accordance with applicable law. You may have a right in some locations to file a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use cookies and other similar technologies to learn more about how visitors use our website. A cookie is a small text file that is stored by your web browser when you visit a website. Cookies may store certain information, such as your IP address, the content you view, and your preferences and settings. We use the following types of cookies and technologies:
• Necessary cookies: These cookies are essential to enable basic functions on the website and make the website usable. Once you close your browser, these cookies disappear.
• Functional cookies: These cookies enable the website to save information which has already been entered (such as language choices or your location), so that we can offer you more personalized functions. These cookies collect anonymous information and cannot track your movements on other websites.
• Performance cookies: These cookies are used for collecting information about the use of our website, including the number of unique visitors to our website, the number of views for a webpage, the amount of time a user spends on a webpage, and other website statistics. These cookies are used only to improve the performance of the website and the user experience. The collected information is aggregated and made anonymous.
• Website analytics: We use a web analytics service, Google Analytics. This service uses cookies to collect information such as your IP address or other identifiers, browser information, and the content you view. Google Analytics uses this information on our behalf for the purpose of analyzing how visitors use our website, the number of users on our website, the location of our users, the most frequently used parts of our website, the most commonly used browsers of visitors to our website, and the interests of our users.
You can manage or disable cookies at any time by adjusting your browser settings. Browsers are different, so refer to the settings menu of your browser for instructions on how to change your cookie preferences. If you choose not to receive cookies, our website may not function properly and certain services may not be available. You can find out more information about cookies and how to manage them by visiting the website www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you have questions or concerns about the use of cookies on our website, please contact us at info@brown-intl.com.
Questions About the Privacy Policy
We monitor feedback and seek to improve our services. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or would like to provide comments, please contact us at info@brown-intl.com.
Contact us
Get in touch with us for information on a possible partnership. Our team of engineers and food scientists are available to answer any questions you may have.
Connect now
BROWN and the BROWN logo are trademarks of Brown International Corporation, LLC. All rights reserved. ©2020 Brown International Corporation, LLC
We use cookies to enable website functionality, understand the performance of our website, and tailor this website to our visitors. To learn more about our use of cookies, you may view our Privacy Policy. By using this website you consent to our use of cookies.