http://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/162785
Privacy Policy of www.firesprinkler.org
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
Google AdSense
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Advertising serving infrastructure
AdButler
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Analytics
Google Analytics, Display Advertising extension for Google Analytics, Google Analytics with anonymized IP and Wordpress Stats
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
User ID extension for Google Analytics
Personal Data: Cookies
Backup saving and management
Backup on Dropbox and Backup on Google Drive
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: address; company name; email address; fax number; first name; last name; phone number; province; state; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service; ZIP/Postal code
Mailing List or Newsletter
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name
Phone contact
Personal Data: phone number
Content commenting
Disqus
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Facebook Comments
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)
Google Optimize
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Displaying content from external platforms
YouTube video widget, Google Maps widget, Instagram widget, Google Site Search and Getty Images widget
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Adobe Fonts, Google Fonts, Fonts.com Web Fonts and MyFonts
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
YouTube video widget without cookies
Personal Data: Usage Data
Handling payments
Authorize.Net and PayPal
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
Facebook Like button and social widgets, Google+ +1 button and social widgets, Twitter Tweet button and social widgets, LinkedIn button and social widgets, ShareThis and Pinterest “Pin it” button and social widgets
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Managing contacts and sending messages
Constant Contact and Sendgrid
Personal Data: email address
Mailchimp
Personal Data: address; company name; country; email address; first name; last name; phone number; Usage Data; username
Platform services and hosting
Shopify
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
RSS feed management
Feedburner
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Social features
Inviting and suggesting friends
Personal Data: various types of Data
SPAM protection
Google reCAPTCHA
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Tag Management
Google Tag Manager
Personal Data: Usage Data
Traffic optimization and distribution
Cloudflare
Personal Data: Cookies; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Further information about Personal Data
Disclosure to Third Parties
AFSA makes member contact information available through the AFSA Membership Directory to other members using its Web site and to those who register for its conferences. In addition, AFSA incorporate information users provide into hard copies of the Membership Directory that it provides to members and sells to requesters. On occasion, AFSA may also provide limited data to third parties that offer products and services. These limited data include names, job titles, companies and business addresses, but do not include business phone numbers, business fax numbers or e-mail addresses. Users may request AFSA refrain from disclosing the data it collects to third parties when filling out applicable forms or by contacting AFSA at membership@firesprinkler.org or 214-349-5965 to express their preferences if they determine later that they do not wish to have the information shared.
Credit Card Account Information
Credit Card Account Information. AFSA does not disclose credit card account information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, AFSA submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.
Selling goods and services online
The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.
The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by this Application depends on the payment system used.
Analysis and predictions based on the User’s Data (“profiling”)
The Owner may use the Personal and Usage Data collected through this Application to create or update User profiles. This type of Data processing allows the Owner to evaluate User choices, preferences and behaviour for the purposes outlined in the respective section of this document.
User profiles can also be created through the use of automated tools like algorithms, which can also be provided by third parties. To find out more about the profiling activities performed, Users can check the relevant sections of this document.
The User always has a right to object to this kind of profiling activity. To find out more about the User's rights and how to exercise them, the User is invited to consult the section of this document outlining the rights of the User.
Automated decision-making
Automated decision-making means that a decision which is likely to have legal effects or similarly significant effects on the User, is taken solely by technological means, without any human intervention.
This Application may use the User's Personal Data to make decisions entirely or partially based on automated processes according to the purposes outlined in this document.
This Application adopts automated decision-making processes as far as necessary to enter into or perform a contract between User and Owner, or on the basis of the User’s explicit consent, where such consent is required by the law.
Automated decisions are made by technological means – mostly based on algorithms subject to predefined criteria – which may also be provided by third parties.
The rationale behind the automated decision making is:
to enable or otherwise improve the decision-making process;
to grant Users fair and unbiased treatment based on consistent and uniform criteria;
to reduce the potential harm derived from human error, personal bias and the like which may potentially lead to discrimination or imbalance in the treatment of individuals etc.;
to reduce the risk of User's failure to meet their obligation under a contract.
To find out more about the purposes, the third-party services, if any, and any specific rationale for automated decisions used within this Application, Users can check the relevant sections in this document.
Consequences of automated decision-making processes for Users and rights of Users subjected to it
As a consequence, Users subject to such processing, are entitled to exercise specific rights aimed at preventing or otherwise limiting the potential effects of the automated decisions taken.
In particular, Users have the right to:
obtain an explanation about any decision taken as a result of automated decision-making and express their point of view regarding this decision;
challenge a decision by asking the Owner to reconsider it or take a new decision on a different basis;
request and obtain from the Owner human intervention on such processing.
To learn more about the User’s rights and the means to exercise them, the User is invited to consult the section of this document relating to the rights of the User.
Unique device identification
This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
American Fire Sprinkler Association - 12750 Merit Drive, Suite 350, Dallas, TX 75251
Owner contact email: afsainfo@firesprinkler.org
Latest update: September 13, 2019
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
Show the complete Privacy Policy