http://www.axelrodco.com/terms-of-use
Terms Of Use
800.552.9357
sales@axelrodco.com
7 West 30th StreetNew York, NY 10001Fax: 212.947.3787
You have added 0 items to your quote request.
Edit/Submit Quote
Catalog Index
About Us
General Info
Request Pricing
Contact Us
Shop By Industry
Click
a link below to easily browse product categories that relate to that industry.
Apparel
ASI- Advertising Specialty
Badge/Trophy
Bead Stores/Beading
Bells
Belts/Straps
Bird Toys
Black Plastic Hardware
Bow Ties
Bridal Supply
Camp Crafts
Chain
Charms
Costumes
Crafts Stores/Crafters
Earrings
Eggery
Fabric Stores
Flags
Floral
Footwear
Greeting Cards
Hair Accessories
Handbag
Home Furnishings/Decor
Imitation Pearls
Jewelry Findings
Jewels –Imitation
Key Chains
Lanyard Parts
Lapidary
Leather Goods/ Luggage
Metal/ Plastic Hardware
Millinery (Headwear)
Miniatures
Native American
Pet Products
Religious
Scrapbooking
Uniforms
Upholstery
Western Motifs
Questions?
Have any questions about our products? Want to call in and request a quote? One of our representatives is ready to speak with you.
800.552.9357
sales@axelrodco.com
Terms Of Use
Terms of Use
•  Bracketed instructions have been included on this form to assist you in completing it and should be removed before printing.
• Add or remove provisions to match the terms of use for your site.
•  This form is not intended and is not a substitute for legal advice. This form should only be a starting point for you and should not be used without first consulting with an attorney.  An attorney should be consulted before negotiating any document with another party.
•  The purchase and use of this form is subject to the “Terms and Conditions” found at www.FindLegalForms.com
Terms of Use Agreement
Effective Date:  This Terms of Use Agreement was last updated on February 14, 2013.
This Terms of Use Agreement sets forth the standards of use of the Axelrod Online Service. By using the www.axelrod.com website you (the “Individual”) agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice.  Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted at www.axelrod.com. Your continued use of this Website after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.
1. Disclaimer of Warranties.
The site is provided by Axelrod on an “as is” and on an “as available” basis.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Axelrod makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. Axelrod shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Website. Axelrod disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable.
2. Limitation of Liability
AXELROD SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, AND IN PARTICULAR AXELROD SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR LOSS OF USE, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS WEB SITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, UNDER STATUTE, IN EQUITY, AT LAW, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF AXELROD HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IS INAPPLICABLE.
3. Indemnification
Individual agrees to indemnify and hold Axelrod, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of Individual’s use of this Website, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by Individual, or other user of this Website using Individual’s computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity.
4. Third-Party Sites
Our website may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties.  You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site.  You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites.  Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Individuals to review said privacy policies of third-parties’ sites.
5. Governing Jurisdiction of the Courts of New York
Our website is operated and provided in the State of New York.  As such, we are subject to the laws of the State of New York, and such laws will govern this Terms of Use, without giving effect to any choice of law rules.  We make no representation that our website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations.  Accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the State of New York.
6. Compliance with Laws.
Individual assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws.  Individual may not use this Website in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. Individual further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.
7. Copyright Information
All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©2013 Axelrod, with all rights reserved, or is the property of Axelrod and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights.  Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Axelrod.
8. Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement
Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Axelrod designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright infringement.
S. AXELROD CO.
7 West 30th Street
New York, New York 10001
TOLL-FREE: 800.552.9357
PHONE: 212.594.3022
FAX: 212.947.3787
EMAIL: sales@axelrodco.com
9. Other Terms
If any provision of this Terms of Use Agreement shall be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent.  You agree that this Terms of Use Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by Axelrod, in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition.  This Terms of Use Agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be superseded by, any other written agreement between us in relation to your participation as an Individual.  Individual agrees that by accepting this Terms of Use Agreement, Individual is consenting to the use and disclosure of their personally identifiable information and other practices described in our Privacy Policy Statement.
$100 MINIMUM ORDER
Catalog Index
About Us
General Info
Request Pricing
Contact
800.552.9357
sales@axelrodco.com
7 West 30th StreetNew York, NY 10001Fax: 212.947.3787
© 2004-2020 S. Axelrod Co. LLC   All Rights Reserved.   Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use