https://www.ums.co.uk/privacy.asp
Marking Machines
Electrochemical Marking
Marking Machines
Marking Stencils
Marking Heads
Electrolyte Solutions
Marking Software
Marking Spares
Dot Peen Marking
Multi4
Multi4 Mini
Integrated M4 Inline
Flexmark
Scribe Marking
Multi4 Scribe
Laser Marking
Graphix Workstation
Graphix Inline
Hand Stamps
Numbering Heads
Hand Stamps
Engraving Pen
Data Matrix
Information Centre
Service & Support
Hints and Tips
Documents
Glossary
Leasing
Videos
Industry Applications
UMS News
Helping Others
About UMS
Contact UMS
Contact UMS
Distributors
Home
UMS » Privacy Policy & Cookies
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Privacy policy
This privacy policy explains how Universal Marking Systems Limited use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
Topics: What information do we collect about you?How will we use the information about you?MarketingAccess to your information and correctionCookiesOther websitesChanges to our privacy policyHow to contact us
What information do we collect about you? We collect information about you when you contact us or sign up to our newsletter. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
How will we use the information about you? We collect information about you to process your order, manage your account and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you. We use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits to our website. Universal Marking Systems Limited will not share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside of Universal Marking Systems Limited
Marketing We would like to send you information about products and services of ours. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here.
Access to your information and correctionYou have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address. We may make a small charge for this service. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Other websitesOur website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policyWe keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 20th May 2018
How to contact usPlease contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:By email at info@ums.co.ukOr write to us atUnit 4 Dukes Mill Station ApproachMedsteadAltonHantsGU34 5EN
Cookie Policy
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website, to provide personalised services on the website, and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and you can delete or restrict cookies.  To do this you can use your browser - since each browser is different, please refer to the browser help section and choose to change cookie preferences.Some of our website features may not function as a result of you disabling or removing cookies. This website provides you with a personalised experience and to do so it requires your device to accept cookies. We keep the information you share with us as safe as possible and so our cookies don’t contain any personal information.  Instead they hold a reference which allows us to link up with your secure personal information once you are logged in.Here is a list of the main cookies we use, and what they are used for:
Google AnalyticsTo anonymously let us see how many people are visiting our website. We do not know if you have personally visited based on Google Analytics data.
Third Party CookiesSome of our website pages contain content from other websites - content is embedded from, for example, youtube.com, or an advertiser websiteThese websites may also send you cookies. This cookie policy only applies to cookies sent directly from our website. Please check the third-party websites for information on their cookies.