http://www.beatsonclark.co.uk/privacy-policy
Enquiry
Login
Search products
Tel: +44 (0) 1709 828 141
Home
About us
Delivering the difference
Company information
Quality
Testimonials
Export
Investment
Vacancies
Services
Design
Manufacturing
Glass process
Decoration
Products
Search
Enquiry
Beverage
Spirits
Food
Pharmaceutical
Bespoke
Special offers
Closures
Crown Corks
Technical information
Environmental
Environmental benefits
Health benefits
News
Contact
Privacy policy
Home
›
Privacy policy
Information Collection and Use
Beatson Clark is the sole owner of the information collected on www.beatsonclark.co.uk, or in person, at trade shows etc. Beatson Clark collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site
Other than for specific purposes as agreed with the user such as fulfilling an on-line form the information that is collected through this site is used for marketing or analysis purposes only.
Analysis
Information gathered through this web site will be held in a database at our offices in The Glass Works, Greasbrough Road, Rotherham, South Yorkshire, S60 1TZ and be used periodically to assess the success of the web site and the actions generated from the levels of traffic generated.
When you request a page from the site's web server, the server automatically collects some information about your system, including your IP address. Beatson Clark collects the minimum information necessary to ensure our service works.
Enquiry Form
We ask for information from the user on our enquiry form. Information gathered through this form will be held in a database at our offices in Beatson Clark. The Glass Works, Greasbrough Road, Rotherham, South Yorkshire, S60 1TZ and will be used periodically to assist in the various marketing activities of Beatson Clark. We do not provide or share your information with other third parties unless we cannot supply the products you require, in which case we will forward your information onto one of our approved distributors.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Business Transitions
In the event Beatson Clark goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. If as a result of the business transition, the users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Beatson Clark are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Changes to this Statement
Beatson Clark will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. Beatson Clark encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Beatson Clark is protecting your information.
Unsubscribing
We may contact you from time to time with our quarterly newsletter, new product information and special offers. We will remove you from our database of site users and stop sending you marketing information upon request. Simply send us an email to unsubscribe.
How We use Cookies
Information on our use of cookies is available here.
Subject Access Request
If you would like to see your personal data that we hold, please write to our Data Protection Manager at Beatson Clark Ltd, The Glassworks, Greasbrough Road, Rotherham, S60 1TZ and we will respond within 30 days.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.