https://www.commbank.com.au/support/privacy.html?ei=CB-footer_privacy
Banking
Home loans
Insurance
Investing & super
Business
Institutional
Open Search
Log on
NetBank log on Logon
CommBiz log on Logon
CommSec log on Logon
Hamburger Menu Dialog Open
Banking
Home loans
Insurance
Investing & super
Business
Institutional
Locate us
Help & support
CommBank Search. Dialog start.
Search CommBank. Start typing…
Popular searches
Travel insurance
Foreign exchange calculator
Discharge/ Refinance authority form
Activate a CommBank card
Cardless cash
Interest rates & fees
Help & support
Locate us
Contact us
CommBank support
/
Our Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
Protecting your information and being clear about what we do with it is a vital part of our relationship with you.
Read our Privacy Policy
Your credit reporting rights
You and your privacy
Our privacy policy
You and your privacy
In our increasingly digital world, we take our responsibility to protect your privacy very seriously by applying strict security and privacy controls to the way we handle your personal information. We use the information you provide us to give you the best possible banking experiences, to help us assess your applications as well as design and tailor products and services so they’re just right for you.
Our privacy policy
We value your trust and aim to be transparent about how we handle your personal information. Our Privacy Policy covers:
Information about the CommBank Group
What information we collect about you
How we use your information
Who we share your information with
Credit checks and credit reporting
How we keep your information safe
How you can access, update and correct your information
How to make a privacy complaint
How to contact us and find out more.
Our Privacy Policy applies to the handling of your personal information by our Australian businesses. A few of those have their own policies - see section 5 of our policy for more information.
Sometimes we update our Privacy Policy. You can always find the most up-to-date version on this page. Download a PDF version of our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, contact us.
We can help
Security and privacy
Contact us
Find your nearest branch
Commonwealth Bank