http://www.edan.com.tw/SiteShare/AP/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
IntroductionThank you for visiting our website. Your personal privacy is absolutely respected and protected by the website. To help you understand how the website collects, uses and protects your personal information, be sure to read the website "Privacy Policy". Thank you!
Scope of ApplicationApplicable: website or its related activities involving personal information collecting, using, and protecting.Not Applicable: an independent management and operation third-party website linked thru the website. Each website has own unique privacy policy, so the liability is separated. When users make an inquiry on these websites, be sure to follow the particular website's privacy policy for all personal information.
Policy ContentCollect Information:For the simple the website browsing and file downloading, users will not be collected for any personal information.The website will record user IP address, time of Internet access, and the number of information search.When using various services on the website, such as quote inquiry, we will ask users to provide the full name, phone, fax, e-mail and the respective authorities.Use Information: Due to website internal management, by user’s website access information, website traffic and online behavior can be processed as a "total analysis" for the important reference to enhance service quality, and this analysis will not apply to any "individual user".Information Sharing:Unless your agreement or special law regulations, the website will never sell, exchange, or rent any of your personal information to other groups, individuals or private companies However, except for the following circumstances:Cooperate with the lawful administration of justice if needed.Cooperate with the related authorities in accordance with operational needs for investigation or use.Disclosure is required by law, or for maintenance, improvement and management of the website service.Cookies on Your Browser File:To provide a better, a more personalized service, and to facilitate your participation in activities, cookies changes as your personal activities on the website change. In order to count the number of visitors and analyze browsing patterns to understand the state of web browsing, the website will hold on the principle of privacy protection to write and read cookies in your browser.
ConsultationIf you have any questions or comments regarding the privacy policy on this website, please email or call to contact us.Revision of Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy of this website will be revised at any time in response to demand. As revision takes place, the new terms will be published on the website.