http://www.laffertyny.com/privacy-policy/
BREAKING News
Advantages of Having a Total Car InspectionConsiderations When Choosing an Energy SupplierWhy a Good Online Business Reputation MattersExpand and Grow Your BusinessRevolutionizing Your Pet Dog CareWhat To Consider When Buying Your Dream HomeSelecting the Best Metal Doors and FramesTop Benefits of Professional Lawn Care ServicesThe Best Products for Black Men with BeardsTips for Maintaining Yaki Hair
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
The Chester Corner ("The Chester Corner")
operates laffertyny.com and may operate other websites. It
is The Chester Corner policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, The Chester Corner collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. The Chester Corner purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how The Chester Corner visitors use its website. From time to
time, The Chester Corner may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
The Chester Corner also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on laffertyny.com
blogs/sites. The Chester Corner only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to The Chester Corner websites choose to interact
with The Chester Corner in ways that require The Chester Corner to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that The Chester Corner gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at laffertyny.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with The Chester Corner are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, The Chester Corner collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
The Chester Corner. The Chester Corner does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
The Chester Corner may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. The Chester Corner may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, The Chester Corner does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
The Chester Corner discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on The Chester Corner behalf or to provide services available
at The Chester Corner websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using The Chester Corner websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. The Chester Corner will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, The Chester Corner discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when The Chester Corner believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of The Chester Corner, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an The Chester Corner website and have supplied your email address, The Chester Corner
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with The Chester Corner and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. The Chester Corner takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The Chester Corner uses cookies to
help The Chester Corner identify and track visitors, their usage of The Chester Corner
website, and their website access preferences. The Chester Corner visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using The Chester Corner websites, with the drawback that certain features
of The Chester Corner websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If The Chester Corner, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that The Chester Corner goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of The Chester Corner may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by The Chester Corner and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, The Chester Corner may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in The Chester Corner sole
discretion. The Chester Corner encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a laffertyny.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search
Recent Posts
Advantages of Having a Total Car Inspection
Considerations When Choosing an Energy Supplier
Why a Good Online Business Reputation Matters
Expand and Grow Your Business
Revolutionizing Your Pet Dog Care
What To Consider When Buying Your Dream Home
Selecting the Best Metal Doors and Frames
Top Benefits of Professional Lawn Care Services
The Best Products for Black Men with Beards
Tips for Maintaining Yaki Hair
Tips For Choosing A Good Taxi Company
How To Sell Your Home Fast On Your Own
Selecting the best pet transportation service
4 benefits of using a travel planner
A Guide To Buying A Water Softener In Your Home
Bongs for sale? Learn how to pick the right one for you
Air Conditioning Service
Why Hire Debt Collection Agencies To Recover Your Money
How to Use Uber for New Users
The best things to do after college
Selecting a Good Catering Service
How do the Celebrities Lose Weight?
The Lost Art of Oil Painting
A basic guide to purchasing a tactical backpack
Many Reasons to Use Big Bean Bags
Tips of Choosing the Right Signage
What Not to Look For in a Marketing Consultant
The Workings of Glamour Photography
Best Ways To Buy A House
What is phen375 weight loss product?
Finding the Best Limo Service Provider
Handy Tips For Choosing Best Miami Local Movers
Should You Hire a Taxi Service?
Las Vegas Helicopter Tours Visit the Grand Canyon
Fabric Banners and Which One Would Suit You
Quick House Sale Options
Selling Used Cars in St. Cloud
Fifa Ultimate Team 15 for PC Gamers
The Chiang Mai Holiday Experience
Newest Xbox games
Small Business Ideas
Subscription
Facebook Likes
Pages
About
Contact Me
Fashion Trend
Home Selling
Kneeling Chairs and Their Increasing Popularity
Live Life With Zen
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Recent Posts
Advantages of Having a Total Car Inspection
Considerations When Choosing an Energy Supplier
Why a Good Online Business Reputation Matters
Expand and Grow Your Business
Revolutionizing Your Pet Dog Care
News
We are in a digital era, and many businesses are making good use of online space to reach out to the masses. You should make good use of the internet to cope with the competition in today’s market. It is also an ideal platform that lets you reach out to a high number of online…
We all know that one of the catchiest headlines of the entertainment news would always have to do with the celebrity weight-loss. It will certainly bring in the attention of both the readers and the lovers. Being in the glamour world is everything about keeping yourself fit, slim and ideal, so if you are a…
Not everyone is a graphic developer. However, that does not suggest you can use that as a justification for producing a below par signage for your business or special event. Here are three easy-to-follow ideas to guarantee your signage attracts attention as well as gets noticed. 1. Be simple and Don;t make it too Wordy…
There is a limitless variety of posts online created to help companies figure out exactly what to search for when deciding to deal with a marketing expert like. However in some cases the best way to get what you want is to define what it is that you don’t want. You can make that list yourself…
Phen375 is a natural fat burner that you can use when you need to improve your health whenever you need to improve your shape through effective weight loss. For those people who have used this weight loss product, they have been able to reduce their weight effectively. How does phen375 works when losing weight naturally? Since…
Fabric banners are huge pieces of material with graphics displayed on the material. They stand out from the rest of the surrounding. They can be seen in front of shops displaying sales, on street lights revealing the holiday season is at hand. They are also seen on grocery shelves to get hold of the interest…
St Cloud auto sales may appear to be a competitive market due to the large number of dealerships that have earned dozens of four-star reviews on Google, but these numbers are ultimately meaningless. In truth, selling cars in one city is no different from selling cars in the next. It is not so much about focusing…
Most of the FIFA Ultimate Team fans are playing their games on either the PlayStation or Xbox. However, I make sure that there is a large portion people out there playing FUT on PC. With this in mind, this short article will deal with those fans as I will blog about my preliminary 5 thoughts…
With the recent release of the Xbox One, gamers will be searching for the latest and newest Xbox games to play. But with a wide variety of games in the market, it comes down ultimately to the type of game you like. Some people love sports and others would prefer mission games and adventure or…
I am glad to be able to write an article for people out there that would like to start a business but do not know what to do, or where to start. Well I have great business news, I have put together some help for people who: – Would like to work from home to…
2019-11-06
Why a Good Online Business Reputation Matters
2016-08-03
How do the Celebrities Lose Weight?
2016-01-10
Tips of Choosing the Right Signage
Follow Us
Video