https://www.ultraelectronicsenergy.com/privacy-policy/
Instrumentation & Control
Engineered Solutions
Service Portal
Radiation Monitoring
Aging and Obsolescence
About Us
News and Events
Contact Us
Ultra EnergyPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Ultra Electronics is committed to safeguarding the privacy of the personal data of our employees, customers, suppliers and partners. This Data Privacy Notice sets out how Ultra Electronics (Ultra) uses and protects any personal data that you provide. Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable person is one who can be directly or indirectly identified by reference to an identifier such as name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person.
In providing personal data (via submission of a business card, job application, e-mail address, e-mail sign off, or by registering for information via our web sites for example) you can be assured we are committed to protecting your privacy and that your personal data will only be used in accordance with this Data Privacy Notice and for the legitimate purpose for which it has been collected.
In taking affirmative action by providing your personal data as described above you are agreeing to the collection, storage or processing of your personal data in the manner described in this privacy notice.
Collecting personal data
We may collect personal data from you as a result of many types of interactions including visiting our web site, applying for a position or day to day business activity. The following list shows the type of information that we may record for business purposes:
Name, Company and job title
Contact information including e-mail address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Information relating to your market sector or business domain
Other information relevant to customer surveys, business transactions or opportunities or employment (please refer to the job Applicant information at the bottom of this Data Privacy Notice)
Our interest in collecting and retaining this information is to fulfill our transaction with you and in particular for, but not limited to, the following reasons:
To contact you for business purposes by e-mail, telephone, fax or post
To contact you about current and potential business and employment opportunities
To send newsletters
To invite you to business events
To improve our products and services and for other market research
For internal record keeping
To send promotional materials or other information we think you may find interesting using the contact details you have provided
Sharing your personal data
We respect your privacy and will not share any identifiable information collected from you via whatever means except when required by law, including (without limitation) in order to comply with applicable local laws or judicial proceedings, court orders or any other legal processes. Any personal data you share with us will be treated with care and for the purposes you have agreed to.
Storing your personal data
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unapproved access or disclosure we have put in place suitable technical and organisational measures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Retaining your personal data
We will hold your personal data for an appropriate period in order to effectively manage our relationship with you. We will carry out periodic reviews of the personal information to ensure it is up to date and accurate.
Your rights
Your rights in connection with providing us with personal data are:
Access – you can, where permitted by the General Data Protection Regulation, request access to a copy of your personal data and further information regarding how we deal with your personal data
Accuracy – you can request that we correct, delete or restrict the processing of any inaccurate personal data we hold
Erasure – you can request that we erase personal information we are holding where it is no longer being used for the purpose it was originally submitted for
The General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR) is a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA). It also addresses the export of personal data outside the EU and EEA areas. The GDPR aims primarily to give control to individuals over their personal data and to simplify the regulatory environment for international business by unifying the regulation within the EU.
Use of Cookies
It is our policy to use cookies for anonymous analysis (tracking the timing and dates of visits, pages viewed for example). For further information our Cookie Policy please review our Cookie Policy.
Links to other websites
As a convenience to visitors, our web site may contain links to other third party web sites. Ultra is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites and it is recommended that users read the individual privacy policy statements of each web site visited.
Further information
If you have any questions or concerns about how we handle your personal data, or to exercise your rights, our Group Data Protection Officer can be contacted via:
E-mail: dpo@ultra-electronics.com. Post: Group Data Protection Officer Ultra Electronics 417 Bridport Road Greenford Middlesex UB6 8UA United Kingdom
Individuals have the right at any time to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (or any other appropriate supervisory authority). Details of how to contact the ICO can be found via their website: https://ico.org.uk.
Other locations are listed in the Contact Us page.
Changes to this Data Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to review the information contained in this Data Privacy Notice, please refer back to this page frequently to see any changes or updates.
Recruitment
As part of any recruitment process Ultra collects and processes personal data relating to job applicants. This Data Privacy Notice applies to all prospective applicants and candidates during the recruitment and selection process for a role within Ultra. The application could be for a permanent, temporary or fixed term contract of employment as well as applications from candidates applying for an Apprenticeship or Graduate placement or to provide services via a Limited Company supplier agreement or through an Employment Agency or Umbrella Company.
Request a Quote
Configure Your Sensor
Shop Products