https://www.heras.co.uk/privacy-statement/
FREE SERVICE
Home Privacy statement
Contact
Privacy statement
Last updated: 20 December 2019
This privacy statement applies to the personal data that Heras (hereinafter referred to as ‘Heras’ or ‘we’/‘us’/‘our’) collects and processes as the data controller in the course of your interactions with Heras, including when you visit our websites, use or purchase products or services provided by Heras, subscribe to newsletters and contact our customer service.
This privacy statement may be updated, so please check back regularly for any changes. By providing us with your personal data and by using this website, you agree to our privacy statement and our use of cookies, as specified in the cookie statement.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the processing of your personal data, please contact:
Heras
Herons Way
Doncaster
South Yorkshire
DN4 8WA
By post: Brand & Communications, Postbus 30, 5688 ZG Oirschot, Netherlands
By email: dataprivacy@heras.com
Personal data
We may process the following personal data:
Your name;
Your email address;
Your address;
Your telephone number;
Your gender;
Your date of birth;
Other personal data that you voluntarily provide yourself by creating an account on our website, by applying for a job, in correspondence or by telephone;
The name and address of the company you work for;
Information about the products and services that you have purchased;
Data from customer research;
Your use of and your activity on the Heras websites and social media channels;
IP address;
Browser details such as location, browser type, operating system and pages visited;
Unique Device Identifier.
Purposes
The reasons we ask you to share your personal data with us include, but are not limited to:
informing you about Heras products and services;
sending you newsletters;
answering queries or resolving product or service-related complaints, as well as updating you on the status of your query/complaint;
maintaining customer and/or supplier relationships;
providing access to information;
evaluating our services through satisfaction surveys;
improving information and communications;
improving our websites;
creating personalised messages and sending you special offers and adverts that match your personal interests, based on the information you have shared with us and the information we have collected through cookies or similar techniques about your use of the Heras websites/social media channels;
complying with applicable laws and regulations.
Our websites and third-party websites
Our websites use cookies. For more information about how we use cookies, click here.
This privacy statement does not apply to third-party websites which are linked from our websites. Please read the privacy statement of third-party websites for more information about how your data is handled.
Sharing your personal data
Heras is a PERIMETER PROTECTION GROUP company. We may share your data with other companies within PERIMETER PROTECTION GROUP in order to provide you with information and services that you have requested from us, and to improve our services.
Furthermore, we share your data with third parties – including but not limited to service providers, suppliers and couriers – if it is necessary for the performance of a contract, such as to deliver products and/or services that you have ordered.
We conclude a processing agreement with third parties that process your data on behalf of Heras, ensuring that your data is processed with the same level of security and confidentiality.
We will not pass your details on to third parties, unless required or permitted by law.
Security
We endeavour to keep your data secure. We have appropriate technical and organisational security measures in place to prevent the abuse and loss of your data or unauthorised access to your data.
Retention period
We will retain your data for as long as is necessary for the purposes described above, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Access to your data
You can contact us at any time via the methods above to find out what personal data we hold about you and to receive a copy of such data. You can also have your personal data rectified or erased, unless there is a legal obligation to retain the data.
Access, rectification, and erasure
You have the right to view, rectify or erase your personal data. Please send a detailed request to Heras via the methods above, providing your name and address. Heras may ask you to prove your identity in order to prevent abuse of this right. Heras will typically respond to any request for access or rectification within four weeks. In the case of a request for erasure, Heras will delete your personal data as soon as possible, unless and in so far as the legislation on personal data requires the data to be retained or there are other compelling reasons against erasure.
We will be happy to help you with any request you have. Should you be unsatisfied with our response, then you have right to file a complaint with the ICO, UK’s independent body set up to uphold information rights. For more information, click here.
Temporary discount
on service packages
If you take out a service contract now, you will receive a temporary discount on your chosen service package.
DIRECTLY TO THE PROMOTION
CLOSE
COVID 19 Update | Heras still available to support! Read more
CLOSE X