http://www.abpco.com/privacy-policy
array(2) {
[0]=>
array(2) {
[0]=>
string(4) "Home"
[1]=>
string(15) "https://abp.com"
}
[1]=>
array(2) {
[0]=>
string(14) "Privacy Policy"
[1]=>
string(31) "https://abp.com/privacy-policy/"
}
}
array(2) {
[0]=>
array(2) {
[0]=>
string(4) "Home"
[1]=>
string(15) "https://abp.com"
}
[1]=>
array(2) {
[0]=>
string(14) "Privacy Policy"
[1]=>
string(31) "https://abp.com/privacy-policy/"
}
}
Home / Privacy Policy
Automated Business Power, Inc. (“ABP”) respects your individual privacy. This Privacy Policy puts you in control of how your personal data is used in connection with our website, www.abp.com (“ABP  website”). This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share personal data we obtain from users of the ABP website. This Privacy Policy only applies to the ABP website. By choosing to visit the ABP website, you should read this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT DETAILS
This is the website of:
Automated Business Power, Inc.
8677 Grovemont Circle
Gaithersburg, MD 20877
(301) 977-5570
You can contact us via e-mail at info@abp.com or you can call us at +1 (301) 977-5570
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
We collect the following personal data through the ABP website:
Contact information: Information such as your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number; this information is collected on various forms on the website and is completely voluntary; information about the device you use to access the ABP website (e.g. IP address)
HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
We use the personal data we gather about you for the following purposes:
To understand your needs, provide you with a better service, and respond to your inquiries;
For internal record keeping;
For internal, anonymous analysis to see how many unique visitors visit the ABP website;
To improve the products and services offered through the ABP website, and
To measure the number of visitors to the ABP website and the areas of the website that are of most interest to visitors and to customize the ABP website.
We do not use the personal data that you provide through the ABP website to make automated decisions about you.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, ABP may also use your personal data as we believe to be necessary or appropriate under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; to comply with legal process; to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; to enforce our terms and conditions; to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others, and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
MARKETING
Where required by local law, we will obtain your prior consent in order to send you marketing communications about ABP;
Please note that you always have the right to withdraw your consent.
Otherwise we may contact you by email, phone, fax, mail, or other means unless you direct us not to do so.
We may use your personal data for our own communication purposes with you, including, notifying you of new product offers or other information via mail, email, telephone or other means.
If you do not want us to use your personal data for follow up communications with you you may opt-out of such uses by notifying us in accordance with the procedure set forth below under the heading, “Rights to your Personal Data.”
DATA SHARING
We may disclose your personal data to third parties if disclosure is required to comply with applicable laws or regulations; comply with legal process or a court order; to respond to requests from public and government authorities; or if disclosure is necessary to enforce our Privacy Policy; to protect your safety or security; to protect our rights, the safety and security of our site and property; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages we may sustain.
We may share or transfer your personal data to a third party if ABP enters into, or is involved in, a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of some or all of its assets.
LAWFUL BASES
Under the laws in the EU, we are required to identify the lawful bases for which we use your personal data. These are:
Legitimate Interest: we have a legitimate interest in contacting you where you provide us with your details, to manage our relationship with you and to monitor and improve the use of the ABP website and to send you marketing communications.
Consent: when we are required by local law to collect consent in order to send you marketing communications
Compliance with a legal obligation: where we are required to collect and disclose your personal data because we are subject to a legal or regulatory obligation
We do not intend to collect any sensitive personal data (which is defined under EU law to include, for example, personal data on ethnicity, racial origin and health) through the ABP website.
Where we rely on the legitimate interest lawful basis to use your personal data, you always have the right to object to such use by contacting us using the details above.
Where we rely on your consent to use your personal data, you always have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the details above.
SECURITY AND CONFIDENTIALITY
We are committed to ensuring that your personal data is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the personal data we collect online.
HOW LONG WE HOLD YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will retain your personal data for as long as:
We have a relationship with you; we are required by law, or we need to in order to protect ourselves as a business or protect any other third party.
If you have any questions about our retention policy, please contact us using the details set out above.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
The ABP website may contain links to other third-party websites. Once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other web site. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any personal data which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the web site in question.
RIGHTS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Under certain laws, you have the right to seek access to your personal data, seek rectification or erasure of your personal data, restrict our use of your personal data, object to our use or request data portability. Please contact us if you wish to exercise any of these rights.
In accordance with applicable laws, you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal data by us by emailing us at privacy@abp.com . This includes where you:
have previously not objected to us using your personal data for our direct marketing purposes but now wish to opt-out of receiving future marketing emails from us;
want to opt-out of any new uses of personal data permitted by this Privacy Policy caused by changes in our information practices;
believe that personal data we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete so that we can promptly correct any personal data found to be incorrect. Or, you may contact us if you wish to review or change your personal data by using the “Contact” tab on our home page, or
do not want to be contacted by us in the future (unless you initiate the contact).
You may also contact us at the above address or by calling +1 (301) 977-5570.
PERSONS UNDER 18
We do not knowingly collect or allow the collection of personal data from persons under the age of 18. If you are the parent or guardian of a person under the age of 18 and believe that the person has provided personal data to us, please contact us privacy@abp.com.
COOKIES
When you visit the ABP website, we may use “cookies” and similar technologies to help us recognize and serve you better. Cookies are small files that contain information sent by a web site that is saved on your computer’s hard drive. You may delete cookies from your computer or set your browser to reject cookies. However, doing so may limit some functionalities of our site. Please see our Cookies Policy for more information about our use of these technologies on the ABP website. Learn more.
QUESTION OR CONCERNS?
You have the right to complain about our use of your personal data. Please contact us using the contact details set out above.
Depending on where you are located, you may also have a right to complain to your local data protection regulator.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on our website. If we update this Privacy Policy in a way that significantly changes how we use your personal data, we will bring these changes to your attention where reasonably possible. Otherwise, we recommend that you periodically review this Privacy Policy to be aware of any other revisions.
Last updated: March 13, 2020
ABP Cookie PolicyThis Cookie Notice (Notice) explains how AUTOMATED BUSINESS POWER, INC. (ABP) uses cookies on our website www.abp.com.
This Notice is to be read together with the ABP Privacy Policy which explains how ABP uses personal information. If you do not accept our use of cookies please disable them following our guidance below.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Web cookies are small files that are placed on your computer or mobile device by a website when you visit it. They contain details of your browsing history on that website and distinguish you from other users. Cookies send data back to the originating website on each subsequent visit or allow another website to recognize the cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device, remember your preferences and generally improve your online user experience. Like most websites, ABP’s website uses cookies.
Learn more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
WHY WE USE COOKIES
To let you do things on our website –cookies enable you to fill in application forms
To collect anonymous statistics – the information collected by cookies enables us to improve the website through use of analytics. This allows us to monitor which pages of the website are the most popular and how users interact with them.
To improve your experience on our website – to prevent you from having to re-enter information when you have already done so, and so users can find what they are looking for easily.
To ensure that our website is secure
ABP also uses some cookies which are strictly necessary in order for you to use our functionality available on our website.
WEBSITE COOKIE ACCEPTANCE
By accepting our cookie notification when you visit the website you consent to our use of cookies as updated from time to time. Specifically, you consent to cookies being stored on your computer and/ or mobile device (unless rejected or disabled by your browser).
Click on the links below to find out how to change your cookie settings in:
Internet Explorer ; Firefox; Chrome; Safari; Opera; iPhone and iPad; Samsung
UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE
We may update our use of cookies from time to time and consequently we may update this Notice. We therefore recommend that you check this Notice regularly. We will notify you of any significant changes by way of a notice on our website or by contacting you directly when reasonably possible.
Copyright AgreementThe www.abp.com web site is protected by American copyright law and The Berne Convention on Intellectual Property. The owner of the copyrights is Automated Business Power, Inc. ® Reproductions of images and elements of their descriptive content are owned by their respective artists and/or publishers and/or owners. YOU MAY NOT MODIFY, COPY, REPRODUCE, REPUBLISH, UPLOAD, POST, TRANSMIT, OR DISTRIBUTE, IN ANY MANNER, THE MATERIAL ON THIS SITE, INCLUDING TEXT, GRAPHICS, CODE AND/OR SOFTWARE, UNLESS Automated Business Power, Inc. ® or the respective owners HAVE GIVEN SPECIFIC PERMISSION TO DO SO.
All other copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and logos are the respective property of their holders. Some information/images contained in this site refers to other sites and/or authors, but most is original intellectual work. All representations of persons living or dead are unintentional. If you detect any issues with the legality of this site in any way, shape, or form, problems are always unintentional and will be corrected with appropriate notification.
Copyright 2003 – 2020
Automated Business Power, Inc. ®
Specifications Are Subject To Change Without Notice.
ABP uses cookies to provide you a better experience when visiting our website. For more information, please see our privacy policy. By continuing to visit our website, you provide your consent with the use of cookies.Accept