http://www.novaseafood.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Nova Seafood takes seriously the privacy of those that visit our web site. We have established this Privacy Policy to communicate what information
we collect and how that information is used and safeguarded.
By accessing this website NovaSeafood.com you acknowledge the terms and conditions expressed herein. We reserve the right to change this policy
at our sole discretion and without notice.
What information is collected, and why?
When a user visits our website, we collect information about the visit that does not identify the user personally. We track information such as
the domain from which the user is visiting and the user's browser type. We also collect specific information regarding the user's session on
our website. This includes items such as the date and time of the visit and the pages viewed.
Sometimes we ask a user to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information (PII). This information generally includes, but is not limited
to, name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number. We request this information when the user requests one of the following:
-To register to attend an on-line seminar or demonstration
-To receive specific information from us such as a whitepaper or code sample
-To sign up for a mailing list
-To correspond with us
-Or any other such activity that we deem necessary
Nova Seafood does not collect any personally identifiable financial or health-related information. We do not intentionally collect information
from children under the age of 13.
How is the information used?
Non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) is collected to allow us to analyze how our website is used and to improve the content and service
the website provides.
Personally identifiable information is collected for analysis to improve the content of the website and the services we provide the user.
Nova Seafood owns the collected information and will not sell, trade, or rent the information to others. We may use the information to continue
contact with the user. This may include contact such as follow-up calls, e-mail correspondence, or mail correspondence to follow-up on the
contact or to provide marketing information about promotions, new services, or important website changes. Nova Seafood may share this information
with its business partners for the specific purpose of a promotion or service offering.
Are "Cookies" used on the website?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are placed on a web user's hard drive. We may use cookies to provide you with better service. Cookies
are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more
useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Web
sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they
do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies.
However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the Nova Seafood site if you do so.
How is personally identifiable information safeguarded?
Nova Seafood utilizes industry standard methods and mechanisms such as firewalls, intrusion monitoring, and passwords to protect electronic information.
Multiple physical security methods such as locking devices and 24 hour premise monitoring are also employed. Finally, access to PII is limited
to a small number of personnel and on a need-to-know basis.
Links to other web sites
Nova Seafood web site may contain links to other internet web sites. Nova Seafood neither controls nor endorses external sites and is not responsible
for the content of such sites. This policy does not cover the privacy policies and data collection practices of non-Nova Seafood web sites.
How to opt out of correspondence
Based on the information a user has provided, Nova Seafood may send e-mail correspondence to the user. Each correspondence will contain an easy
means to opt out of further correspondence.
At the Hub for Quality Seafood Sourcing
An international seafood purveyor, Nova’s two strategic locations in Portland, Maine and Maritime, Canada put us at the hub of vibrant fisheries and diverse shipping routes that allow us to provide our customers with high quality seafood, often
within 24 hours of catch.
About Nova Seafood
When Angelo Ciocca and his partners opened Nova Seafood, as a Maine seafood distributor, they were committed to one principle:
“Quality First.” This simple ethic grew a small, start-up New England seafood company into an international seafood distributor that
procures, processes, and delivers quality seafood to major retailers and distributers all across the U.S. and Canada.
More About Nova
Nova Seafood sources and delivers quality seafood—at the most competitive prices—to major food retailers and distributors across the United States and Canada.
© 2020 Nova Seafood | Portland, ME    Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Website by: GCMD