http://www.moorewallace.com/cookie-policy
View all Latest News
About RRD
Careers
Events
Investors
Locations
Newsroom
Teams & Leadership
Contact
Cookie Policy
HomeCookie Policy
Select below to view Cookie policy in your preferred language:
English
French
Italian
Dutch
German
Polish
Hungarian
Czech
Spanish
Last Update: 14 June 2018
What are Cookies?
'Cookies' are small text files of numbers and letters that are stored by the browser on your computer or mobile phone and help websites work.
Websites are able to read and write these files, allowing them store things like personalization
details or user preferences. You can think of cookies as providing a "memory" for the website, enabling it to recognize a user and respond appropriately.
Cookies can also be used to provide the owner of the website with information such as how many people are visiting the site every day.
If you would like to find out more about cookies and their use on the Internet, you may find the following links useful: Microsoft Cookies guide and All About Cookies.
How to Control and Delete Cookies
The cookie pop-up on this web site will allow you to accept or decline any non-essential cookies that this website places in your browser. The pop-up does not block the cookies that are considered strictly necessary as if these cookies are blocked the website will not function.
If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by other websites you can do this through your browser settings: some guidance may be found at the links below.
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
You can use your browser settings to
Delete all cookies.
Block all cookies.
Allow all cookies.
Block third-party cookies.
Clear all cookies when you close the browser.
Open a 'private browsing' / 'incognito' session, which allows you to browse the internet without storing local data.
Install add-ons and plug-ins to extend browser functionality.
Other technologies such as Mozilla's Do Not Track allow you to tell websites not to track you.
Internet Explorer has a feature which allows you to import a list of websites you want to block called Tracking Protection Lists
Google Analytics
Google Analytics has been enabled for this web site and this anonymous service uses the cookies outlined in the table below.
You can find out more about Google Analytics from this website http://www.google.com/analytics/
To opt out of anonymous Google Analytics tracking please visit this link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Third Party Advertising Cookies
The advertisements you see on this RR Donnelley website are generated by third parties. Some of these third parties use their own anonymous cookies to track how many people have seen a particular ad, or to track how many people have seen it more than once. The companies that generate these cookies have their own privacy policies, and RR Donnelley has no access to read or write these cookies.
These third party advertising cookies may be used by those third parties to anonymously target advertising to you on other websites, based on your visit to our RR Donnelley site. Details of these cookies are given below.
Other Third Party Cookies
This RR Donnelley web site may contain links to other web sites (e.g. partner web sites) that may place cookies into your browser. The companies that generate these cookies have their own privacy policies, and RR Donnelley has no access to read or write these cookies.
How do we use Cookies?
We use cookies differently based on the type of RRD site you visit. If you are not clear which type of site you are visiting, the cookie pop-up in the bottom left corner will show you.
RRD Public Sites/Authenticated Sites We use cookies to measure and improve the performance of this site, to personalize content and adverts, to provide social media features and to analyze the web traffic to this site. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. If you do not consent to this, we will only use the cookies that are strictly necessary for this site to function. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on the cookie pop-up in the bottom left corner.
RRD Authenticated E-Commerce SitesWe use cookies to measure and improve the performance of this site, to personalize content, and to analyse the web traffic to this site.
We also share information about your use of our site with our analytics partners.
If you do not consent to this, we will only use the cookies that are strictly necessary for this site to function. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on the cookie pop-up in the bottom left corner.
Please review the list of cookies found on this website below.
Scroll to topIcon by RRD