https://www.briggsplc.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
COOKIE POLICY
Like most websites, we use cookies and similar tools across our website to improve your experience and our website’s performance. This page explains how we do that and what types of cookies we may use.
Please make sure you read our Privacy Statement as well as this cookie policy.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a site or page. The cookie will help the website to recognise your device the next time you visit.
Cookies do many things. For example, they can help us to analyse how well our website is performing, or even allow us to recommend content we believe will be most relevant to you.
Certain cookies contain personal information. For example, if a website has a “remember me” option when logging in, a cookie will store your username. Most cookies won’t collect information that identifies you. Instead, cookies will collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our website, or a user’s general location.
What cookies do we use?
We use four types of cookie and similar tools across our website to improve its performance and enhance your user experience.
First party cookies
We set these cookies and they can only be read by us.
Persistent cookies
We use persistent cookies which will be saved on your computer for a fixed period. They won’t be deleted when the browser is closed. We use persistent cookies to recognise your device for more than one browsing session and therefore identify you as a unique visitor.
Session cookies
We use session cookies which are only stored temporarily during a browsing session and will be deleted from your device when the browser is closed. Session cookies help our website remember what you chose on the previous page, avoiding the need to re-enter information and improve your experience whilst using the website.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics cookies in order to evaluate your use of the website and compile reports for us on activity on the website.
You can learn about Google Analytics cookies by visiting this site:
www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Can you block or delete our cookies?
Cookies help you to get the most from our website, so please remember that if you do choose to disable/dismiss cookies, you may find that certain sections of our website do not work properly.
You can however set up your browser to block or delete some or all of them, or to notify you when you are sent a cookie and therefore choose whether or not to accept it.
How do I disable cookies?
All recent versions of popular browsers give you a level of control over cookies. You can find out how to control cookies in your browser by visiting this site: www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies/