http://www.firstandpeoplesbank.com/privacy-policy-1
Skip Navigation
Menu
Search
Search
Search
Search
Loans
Personal
Business
Deposits
Personal
Checking
Savings
CDs & IRAs
Business
Checking
Savings
CDs
Services
NetBanker & ePay
NetBanker Application
Touch Tone Teller
Financial Calculators
Order Checks
Platinum MasterCard
EMV Chip Debit Cards
Safe Deposit Boxes
Clover Go
Trust
Trust Services
Portfolio Account Link
Contact
Get in Touch
ATM & Branch Locator
Hours & Info
Careers
Quick Links
Lost/Stolen Debit/Credit/ATM Card
Go to My Card
FDIC Electronic Deposit Insurance Estimator (EDIE)
Privacy Policy
Security
BankOn
Home »
Privacy Policy
FACTS
WHAT DOES FIRST AND PEOPLES BANK AND TRUST COMPANY DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:* Social Security number and income* Account balances and payment history* Credit history and credit scoresWhen you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons First & Peoples Bank and Trust Company chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does First & Peoples Bank and Trust Company Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes— such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes— to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call 606-836-0211 or go to www.firstandpeoplesbank.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
First & Peoples Bank and Trust Company
What we do
How does First & Peoples Bank and Trust Company protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does First & Peoples Bank and Trust Company collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you* Open an account or deposit money* Pay your bills or apply for a loan* Use your credit or debit cardWe also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only* sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness* affiliates from using your information to market to you * sharing for nonaffiliates to market to youState laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definition
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.* First & Peoples Bank and Trust Company has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.* First & Peoples Bank and Trust Company does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. *Our joint marketing partner(s) include nonaffiliated financial companies that assist us in providing financial or nonfinancial products and services to you
To print a PDF of the Privacy Policy Click Here