https://www.oasisinsurance.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: [August 29, 2019]
Privacy Statement
–  Highlights
Your privacy is important to us, and we know that you care about what happens to the information you provide to us or that we collect through our website, “mobile applications” email, phone, and other sources (our “Systems”). We have provided highlights below regarding how we collect, use, and share your information. This statement applies only to our Systems and does not apply to third-party sites. Click [here] to see our full Privacy Statement.
What Information Do
We Collect?
We
collect the following types of information:
Information we receive from you on applications
or other forms, or in communications with you, in order to provide you with a
quote or place insurance, or service your policy. Information
about your transactions and relationships with us, our affiliated companies,
and others. Content
you submit or post.Information
we receive from consumer reporting agencies, insurance-support organizations
and other third parties.Information
that is automatically collected when you use our Systems, such as when you
visit our website.
Read more about the information we collect.
How
Do We Use Your Information?
We use your information in a number of ways, including:
To provide you with products and
services, such as
to determine your eligibility for insurance; service your policy; administer
policy benefits; process claims; process, service and enforce transactions
(including credit or debit card transactions); respond to your inquiries or comments; or contact you
about your policy; establish and verify the identity and eligibility of users;
open, maintain, administer, manage, and service users’ profiles or accounts;
provide users with product, service, or company updates; conduct special
events, sweepstakes, surveys, programs, contests, and other offers (and
communicate with you about such events).
For our own internal business
purposes, such as
to analyze and improve our products, services, or Systems; improve safety;
manage our communications; analyze our products; perform market research;
perform data analytics; perform accounting, auditing and other internal
functions; and communicate with you about or through external social networking
platforms. For marketing. To market and advertise our
products or services or those of third-parties.For legal, safety or security
reasons, such as
to maintain the security and integrity of our Systems and internal records;
conform to legal requirements or industry standards; respond to regulators;
comply with subpoenas and legal process; detect and prevent fraud or criminal
activity; defend our legal rights; or protect others.  In an
anonymized or aggregated format. We may use information we collect about
you to create anonymized or aggregated data sets for any purpose, and
information may be aggregated and merged or enhanced with data from other
sources.
Read more about how we use your information .
How
Do We Share Your Information?
We
share your information as follows:
With third-party service providers or business
partners that help us with our business functions and help us service or
process insurance transactions.With affiliated companies and non-affiliated business
partners for their marketing or business purposes. If necessary to protect the safety, property, or other
rights of us, our users, or employees, or when required by law.  With your consent.
Read more about how we share your information and your
privacy choices.
Privacy Statement – Full Statement
We
respect your concerns
about privacy, and we value the relationship we have with you. This Privacy
Statement describes the types of information we collect about you, how we use
the information, with whom we share it, the choices available to you regarding
our use of the information, and how you can contact us about our privacy
practices.
1. What Information Does This Privacy
Statement Apply To?
This Privacy Statement applies to our collection, use, and disclosure of
information from and about you through this website, “mobile applications”through
telephone and email communications, and other sources (collectively, our
“Systems”).
This Privacy Statement does not apply to third-party websites that may be
accessible through hyperlinks on this website. Third-party websites have their
own privacy statements that we encourage you to review. Linking to a
third-party site does not mean that we endorse the site, any products or
services described on the site, or any other material contained on that site.
To the extent any linked websites you visit are not owned or controlled by us,
we are not responsible for the sites’ content, any use of the sites, or the
privacy practices of the sites. Please review the privacy statements on those
other websites to see how they handle your information.
If you choose to use our Systems in any way, such as browsing the website or
interacting with us, you agree with the terms of our current Privacy Statement
as posted here. If you do not agree with this Privacy Statement, you should not
use our Systems. We may update or modify this Privacy Statement from time to
time at our sole discretion, and the date of the most recent update will be
displayed at the top of this page. We encourage you to visit this area
frequently to stay informed, as your continued use of our Systems following the
posting of changes to this Privacy Statement means that you consent to such
changes.
2. What Information Do We Collect?
We may obtain information about you from various sources. We may collect
information when you provide it directly through our website, “mobile
applications”telephone or email communications, or at one of our events. We
may also collect information about you from third parties. When you use our
Systems, we may also collect certain information about your device or usage by
automated means or by using technologies such as cookies, web server logs, and
web beacons.
Information
that You or Others Provide
You may
choose to provide information to us in a number of ways, such as when you
request a quote, apply for a policy, purchase insurance, contact us, file a
claim, request service, register on our Systems, post or provide content, or
otherwise interact on our Systems. In the course of an insurance transaction,
we may collect information about you from third-parties. The types of
information you or others may provide to us include:
Information we receive from you on applications
or other forms, or in communications with you, in order to provide you with a
quote or issue a policy (such as name, address, city, state, ZIP code, email
address, telephone number, birth date, household information, marital status,
vehicle information, driver’s license number, property information, employer,
occupation, education, previous insurance, information about your business, and
information about beneficiaries). Information
about your transactions and relationships with us, our affiliated companies,
and others (such as your insurance coverages, claims, premiums, and payment
history). Financial
and payment information (such as social security number, income, payment
card number, expiration date, account number, and billing address).Medical information (such as information about
your health status or condition, treatment or payment for health care). Product preferences, advertising preferences,
and other information about how you use our Systems.Content
you submit or post (such as photographs, videos, reviews, articles, comments,
or any other information you provide to us or post).Records
and copies of your communications with us.Information
we receive from consumer reporting agencies, insurance-support organizations
and others (such as driving records, motor vehicle reports, creditworthiness,
credit history or score, claims history, and vehicle data).
If you provide us with information regarding another individual, we will
assume that you have that person’s consent to give us his or her information.
Information Collected Automatically
When you
visit our Systems or our online advertisements, utilize our services, open an
email that we send you, or interact with communication features on our Systems,
we may collect information about your usage or device by automated means.  Some of the technologies we use to collect
information automatically include:
Cookies: Cookies are small text files that
websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely
identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. We
may use cookies that are managed by us or by third parties for the purposes
provided in this Privacy Statement, including for session management,
authentication, user-preference storage, Systems performance and
personalization, Systems analytics, advertising (including affiliate and
non-affiliate marketing), content management, e-commerce, search, security, and
social media integration.  Web
server logs: In
conjunction with obtaining information through cookies, our web servers may log
details regarding your device, operating system, or information about your
usage of our Systems. Web
beacons and pixels:
We may place tags on our Systems or in emails called “web beacons” or “pixels.”
These are computer instructions that link web pages to particular web servers
and their cookies. Web beacons and pixels can be used to track the pages you
view, links that you click, or other online behavior. These tools have a number
of uses, such as measuring the effectiveness of our email campaigns and online
advertisements (both on our Systems and on third-party websites). Other: In addition to cookies, web
server logs, and web beacons, we may use other technologies to collect information
for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
These technologies may permit
collection of information such as demographic data, browser type, MAC address
and other device information, operating system type and settings, domain, the
address of the web page that linked you to our Systems, IP address, pages
visited, whether you have visited us before or are new to the Systems,
activities conducted on the page (such as search queries), and the day and time
of your visit. This information may be correlated to other data that
identifies you specifically. We also collect information about
you and your interactions with social media and other third-party websites,
which we may merge or enhance with other information we collect about you for
the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
At this time, we do not honor “do
not track” signals from website browsers. However, you may refuse or delete
cookies. If you do, some of the functionality of our Systems may be impaired.
Please refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about how to
manage cookies and similar technologies.
3.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We use your information in a number of ways, including:
To
offer you products and services, determine your eligibility for insurance,
service your policy, administer policy benefits, to process, service and
enforce transactions (including credit or debit card transactions) and to
provide users with product, service, or company updates.. To
respond to your inquiries or comments, or to contact you about your policy.To
establish and verify the identity and eligibility of users. To
open, maintain, administer, manage, and service users’ profiles or accounts. To
analyze and improve our products, services, or Systems, improve safety; manage
our communications; perform market research; perform data analytics; and
perform accounting, auditing and other internal functions. To
communicate with you about or through external social networking platforms.To
conduct special events, sweepstakes, surveys, programs, contests, and other
offers (and communicate with you about such events).  To
market and advertise our products and services or those of third-parties. To
maintain the security and integrity of our Systems and internal records. To
conform to legal requirements or industry standards, respond to regulators,
comply with subpoenas or legal process, detect and prevent fraud or criminal
activity, defend our legal rights, or protect others.To
create anonymized or aggregated data sets.In
connection with a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, transfer, sale, corporate
change, or any other transaction involving all or a portion of our business.
4. How Do We Share Your Information?
We may share aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized
data about you that does not identify you directly with third parties for any
purpose, including marketing. We share information that specifically identifies
you as described below and as permitted by law.
We
may share information with third-party service providers that help us to
provide our products and services to you, service or maintain your policy,
effect, administer or enforce a transaction that you request or authorize, and
to run our day-to-day business. Such third-party may include insurance companies, marketing
firms, entities that process credit card payments, lawyers, accountants,
reinsurance companies, companies that assist in the printing or delivering of
statements and notices, or entities that provide web hosting or analytic
services. Such third parties are not authorized to use or disclose your
information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply
with legal requirements.We
may share information with third-parties, such as your bank, to effect,
administer or enforce a transaction that you request or authorize.We
may share information with third-parties for their own marketing or other
business purposes. Such third-parties may include:Our
affiliates so they may market their products and services to you.  Other
financial institutions with which we have joint-marketing agreements.Non-affiliated
companies for their marketing or other business purposes as permitted by law,
such as insurance companies, insurance agencies, mortgage brokers, bankers,
securities broker-dealers, retailers, airlines, and others.We may share information with other third parties, as
permitted by law, such as:When necessary to protect the safety, property, or
other rights of us, our customers, or employees;  To comply with federal, state, and local laws; To
comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any
government or regulatory inquiry, subpoena, or legal process; To
state or federal regulators; To
prevent or detect fraud or criminal activity;To
medical care institutions or providers to verify coverage or determine the
reasonableness of medical services for audits, peer reviews, or to inform
individuals of medical problems; For
research and actuarial studies; To
protect the confidentiality or security of our records;To
consumer-reporting agencies; To
auditors;To
insurance rate-advisory organizations, guaranty funds, or rating agencies, and
persons that assess our compliance with industry standards; In
connection with a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, transfer, sale, corporate
change, or any other transaction involving all or a portion of our business.With
your consent in certain circumstances.
5. What About External Social Media
Platforms?
Our
Systems may embed plugs-ins, widgets or other apps of various external social
media platforms. When you encounter those embedded objects, your internet
browser may make a direct connection to the social media platform and may share
with the social media platform information, such as which of our Systems you
have visited, information about your public profile, or content you have
posted.
6. Is Your Information Secure?
We take reasonable precautions to
protect your information from loss, misuse, or alteration. Access to
information in our possession is limited to those employees who need it to
perform business services, process your transactions, or to market on our
behalf. Please be aware, however, that any email or other transmission you send
through the Internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized
interception.
7. Do We Collect Information
From Children?
We do not intentionally collect information from children under 13 years of
age, and children under age 13 should not submit any information to us. If we
become aware that a child has provided us with information without parental
consent, or a parent or guardian of a child contacts us through the contact
information provided below, we will use reasonable efforts to delete the
child’s information from our databases.
8.
How Can You Limit Information Sharing?
Residents
of certain states may have different rights. Please check the “State Specific
Rights and Information” section of this privacy statement.
Non-Affiliated Third Parties: If you prefer that we not
disclose nonpublic personal information about you to nonaffiliated third parties, you may opt out of those disclosures; that is, you may direct us not to
make those disclosures (other than disclosures permitted by law). If you wish
to opt out of disclosures to
non-affiliated third parties, you may call us at 877-214-0149 toll free.  Note that you can only opt out of sharing your nonpublic personal information with
non-affiliated third parties for certain purposes; you cannot opt out of sharing such information
with non-affiliated third parties who are service providers to us, who engage
in joint marketing efforts with us, who assist us with processing and servicing
transactions, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Affiliated Third Parties: If you prefer that we not share
consumer report information that is used for insurance eligibility purposes
with our affiliated companies for them to market their products and services to
you, you may opt-out of such marketing by calling us at 877-214-0149 toll
free.
Review and Correction:You
have the right to review and request correction of your information. To make a
request, please send a written request to us at one the following addresses:
Freeway Insurance Services
ATTN: Customer Service Escalations Team
4630 Border Village Rd., STE 2018
San Ysidro, CA 92173
InsureOne Insurance Services
ATTN: Customer Service Escalations Team
4630 Border Village Rd., STE 2018
San Ysidro, CA 92173
The request must include your name, address, policy number, and your
notarized signature.
9. State Specific Rights and
Information
If you are a resident of one of the following states, you may have
additional rights as described in this section.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS. Important
Privacy Choices for California Residents. If you are a resident of
California, we will not share your information with any non-affiliated
companies unless the disclosure is permitted by law or you give us your express
prior consent.  We may also share your
information with affiliated companies, and with non-affiliated companies with
which we have contracts to provide financial products or services to you, but
not until we provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of such sharing and you
do not opt-out.  Nothing in this Privacy
Statement limits any rights California residents may have under California
state law.
To exercise your California opt-in and opt-out rights, please click here https://privacychoices.confie.com/.
MONTANA RESIDENTS. If you are a
resident of Montana, we will not disclose your information to non-affiliated
companies for their marketing purposes unless the company has an insurance
license, you authorize us to do so, or as permitted by law.
NEVADA RESIDENTS. If you are a resident
of Nevada and do not want to receive sales calls from us, you may ask to be
placed on our internal do-not-call list. You may make this request by emailing
us at donotcall@confie.com  providing your name, address, and the
telephone numbers you wish to include on the list. If you have questions you
may contact us or you may contact the Nevada Attorney General at: 555 E.
Washington Avenue, Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; (800) 434-9989; or BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us.
RESIDENTS OF NEW MEXICO, NORTH
DAKOTA, AND VERMONT. If you are a resident of New Mexico, North Dakota, or
Vermont, we will not disclose your information to non-affiliated companies unless
you expressly authorize us to do so. This does not prohibit us from sharing
your information with third parties that perform business services for us or
that assist us in servicing your policy or fulfilling a request made by you, or
as otherwise permitted by law.
10. Other Choices
You
may also “opt-out,” or unsubscribe, from our newsletters, special offers or
discounts, or other marketing communications by following the unsubscribe
instructions in any e-mail or other communication you receive from us. After
doing so, you will not receive future promotional emails unless you purchase a
new policy, enter a contest, or sign up to receive newsletters or emails.
Please note that even after you unsubscribe, we may still disclose information
as permitted or required by law including, but not limited to, service-related
announcements, important information about your policy, state-required notices,
and other non-marketing communications about your account or insurance, and you
may continue to receive marketing emails from third parties with whom we have
shared your information. You will need to contact those third parties in order
to opt out of future email marketing communications from them.
We
store data for as long as it is necessary to provide the products and services
described in this Privacy Statement and for our internal business purposes. If
you would like us to delete information, you may contact us using the
information below and we will take reasonable efforts to accommodate your
request.
11. Contact
We are
committed to working with you to obtain a fair and rapid resolution of any
queries, complaints, or disputes about privacy. If you have any other questions
or comments regarding our privacy practices, please call us at 877-214-0149
toll free for more information.
Effective Date: [August 29, 2019]