https://www.renin.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
FREE Shipping on ALL Orders!
Sale
Barn Doors
Closet Doors
Hardware
Home Décor
MyRenin
Close main menu
Privacy PolicyHome Privacy Policy Updated September 18, 2019
Renin recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of the www.renin.com website (the “Website”) owned and controlled by Renin Corp. (“Renin”).
This Privacy Policy describes how Renin handles personal information that it collects through the Website.
“Personal information” is information about an identifiable individual.
What information does Renin collect?
Renin collects personal information from you when you supply it voluntarily, usually through contacting us via email or registering in a secure portion of the site.
Renin collects the personal information that you provide when you create an account on the Website or proceed with a transaction through the Website, including your name, address, email address and credit card information.
How does Renin use the information?
Renin uses your personal information to process your purchases, send you confirmations or electronic receipts, screen transactions for fraudulent behavior, and handle any returns, repairs and exchanges of your products and for any related communications. We also use your personal information to administer your account such as to enable you to access your shopping bag or to see products you saved for later.
If you participate in a contest, Renin will use the information you provided in relation to this participation to administer your participation in the contest.
How is information communicated?
Renin does not offer, or sell, any personal information to third parties.
Information is shared by Renin with its affiliates and service providers who process it on our behalf when required for business purposes. These parties are legally obligated to maintain the confidentiality of the information made available to them and are restricted from using this information for any reason other than what is specified by Renin.
Renin may disclose your personal information in certain circumstances permitted by law, such as when we are ordered to do so by a court with jurisdiction or it is necessary to protect our legal interests.
MyRenin.com Portal
Access to the Myrenin.com portal, which was developed to facilitate access to information by dealers, partners and customers of Renin, is subject to the prior approval of Renin and to consent by the user to the following terms with respect to the collection and use of data. When a user accesses and uses the Myrenin.com portal, Renin will collect data on the information that has been accessed by the user, the number of times it was accessed and the last time it was accessed. This data is collected and used by Renin to improve the portal and may also be used by Renin to make the user aware of other information with respect to Renin products or resources available on the portal that Renin believes may be of interest to the user.
Analytics
For internal security, trend analysis, systems administration and to aggregate broad demographic information about Renin’s user base, Renin gathers date, time, browser type, navigation history and IP address of all visitors to our Website. In general, Renin does not associate this type of information with personal information about you except in the case of an investigation into the Website’s security.
Renin may review and analyze your use of products and services, including online transactions in your account, to help protect you from unauthorized use of your accounts, to serve you better, and, unless you have opted out of this use, to make available other products and services that we feel may be of benefit to you.
Pixel files and web beacons may keep track of your browser so that you will be recognized when you visit other websites so that our service providers may present relevant advertising to you.
Renin also uses service providers, including Google Analytics, to perform analytics and advertise our products and services on websites not affiliated with us. In connection with these advertising services, we use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect information about how you use our site or other websites in order to perform tracking and marketing analytics or serve advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you.  These third party service providers may also collect and use certain aggregated or anonymized information, which is subject to their own privacy policies. Google provides users an opportunity to opt-out of the Google Analytics features through Google’s Ads Settings and their web browser opt-out plugin.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Web Site.
Where is the information kept?
The files containing the personal information collected by Renin are kept in its offices or on its servers or those of its service providers and the employees that require it for the purposes of their duties will have access to these files.
Renin and its service providers may process and stored personal information on servers in the United States and other locations worldwide. Your personal information will be subject to the laws of the jurisdictions in which your personal information is processed or stored.
We employ physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you.
Access
To the extent provided by law, you may request to have access to the file containing your personal information and the correction of this information, by contacting us as outlined below.
Contact Us
If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy or Renin’s practices with respect to personal information, please contact info@renin.com
Close pop-up window
Get 10% OFF Your First Purchase!
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive product updates, exclusive deals, AND 10% OFF your first order!
Email *
Required
Consent *
Required By clicking Submit, I agree to receive marketing emails from Renin. *
RequiredCAPTCHA
Submit
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
When you sign up, you agree to receive marketing emails from Renin. You can unsubscribe at any time.