http://www.starkitchen.com/california-privacy-rights
Professional Services
Shop By Brand
Gift Cards
Careers
Blog
Events
California Privacy Rights
Chefs’ Toys Privacy Notice for California Residents
Last revised: June 1, 2020
Chefs’ Toys, LLC, and its affiliated companies (which are listed at the end of this document)—collectively referred to as “Chefs’ Toys,” “we,” or “us”—understand the importance of your privacy and take our responsibility to protect your information seriously.
To that end, this privacy notice (the “Notice”) provides information regarding the categories of information we collect from California residents, how we use and share that information, and rights and obligations relating to that information, as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”).
This Notice applies to the personal information we collect from California residents who use our websites, attend one of our events, communicate or request information from us, purchase one of our products, or apply for a job with us.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to employment-related personal information collected from our California-based employees.
In addition, it does not apply to personal information we collect in connection with written or verbal business-to-business communications or transactions—which is the vast majority of personal information we collect—which is currently subject to a temporary exemption from some of the CCPA’s requirements.
Please note that this Notice is a supplement to our Privacy Policy, which can be viewed here.
We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy.
Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect ItAs defined by the CCPA, “personal information” includes any information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California resident, household, or device.
It does not include information that is publicly available from government records or information that has been de-identified or aggregated and can no longer be associated with a particular individual, household, or device.
In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information from California residents.
CategoryExamplesDo We Collect?Legally protected classification characteristicsRace, color, national origin, citizenship, religion, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, age (40 years or older), gender, military status, genetic information, medical condition, pregnancy, physical or mental disabilityYesPersonal information categories in California’s Consumer Records statuteName, social security number, physical characteristics, address, telephone number, driver’s license number, state identification number, education, employment, employment history, bank account numbers, credit or debit card numbers, medical information, health insurance information, signatureYes
IdentifiersName, alias, postal address, unique personal identifiers, IP address, other online identifier, email address, social security number, driver’s license or government identification numberYesInternet or similar network activityInformation relating to your interaction with our website or applications, browsing history, search historyYesCommercial informationPurchasing or consuming histories, records of personal property, products and services purchasedYesGeolocation informationInformation regarding physical location, movement, and movement patternsYesBiometric informationPhysiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics, such as DNA sequence, finger prints, iris or retina scans, voice recordings, keystroke rhythm or gait, face or palm patterns, vein patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying informationNoSensory informationAudio, electronic, visual, thermal, or similar informationYesProfessional or employment-related informationPrior employment history, performance information, resume or similar informationYesNon-public education informationEducation records directly related to a student that are maintained by an educational institution pursuant to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, such as grades, disciplinary records, student schedules, and financial aid informationNoInferences from other personal informationInferences drawn from the categories listed above to create a profile about an individual that reflects the individual’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudesYes
We collect this information directly from you when you choose to provide it to us by downloading information from our website, filling out forms on our website, requesting information with us, communicating with us (whether via email, website chat feature, or phone), attending one of our events, registering to receive emails or information from us, creating an online account with us, purchasing products from us, and applying for a job.
We also collect certain information from you indirectly— information describing your internet connection, information about the equipment you use to access our website, and website usage data—when you visit, use, and navigate across our website.
We do so by using the following technologies:
Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small data file that our Website transfers to your computer.
We deliver these cookies and collect data on our Website, and we may also use a third-party agent to deliver cookies and collect data.
We use the data we collect using cookies to help support the integrity of the registration and buying processes on our Website, retain your preferences and account settings, learn about your possible interests so we can personalize our and information to better support your interests, and improve our site and your experience.
Flash Cookies.
We may also use flash cookies (local shared objects) to enhance your online experience.
Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site.
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our site or in our emails.
We use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and to tell if an email has been opened or acted upon.
From time-to-time we may also purchase marketing and lead-generation lists from third parties, which may have personal information relating to employees at companies to whom we are interested in selling goods and services.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use the personal information that we collect from you for the following business and commercial purposes:
To present our websites and their contents to you.
To provide you with the products and services that you or your company requests from us or that we are contracted to provide.
To process and complete transactions with you or your company.
To send transaction-related information, including purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
To respond to your comments and questions and provide customer services.
To consider you for current or future employment opportunities and to process your employment application.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it, such as subscribing you to an e mail newsletter or contacting you in response to your request for us to do so.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To maintain and administer your Chefs’ Toys account.
To send you communications about products, services, offers, promotions, news, and upcoming events for Chefs’ Toys and its affiliated companies.
To notify you about changes to our website.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our website, if any.
To comply with applicable laws, regulations, and legal process.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information or to which you consent.
As otherwise necessary or useful for us to conduct our business, provided the use is permitted by law.
For example, analyzing audience and use patterns from the websites; storing information about your preferences and allowing us to direct or customize specific content to you; recognizing you when you return to our websites.
For the protection of our operations or those of any of our affiliates, or to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, or that of our affiliates, you, or other parties.
Disclosure and Sale of Personal Information
Chefs’ Toys only shares your personal information as set forth in this Notice or our Privacy Policy.
We do so only for business purposes—we do not “sell” your personal information, as defined by the CCPA.
Third parties with whom we may share your information include:
Service providers, but only as necessary for us to conduct business and provide the agreed-upon products or services to you or your company or related services.
Governmental agencies, as may be required by contract or law.
With Chefs' Toys affiliated companies (listed below) as necessary to provide agreed-upon products or services to you or our company, evaluate you for employment, appropriately respond to you inquiries or requests for information, or provide you with information on products and services about which you may be interested.
During the past 12 months, Chefs’ Toys has disclosed the following categories of personal information relating to job applicants in California: identifiers, professional and employment-related information, non-public education information, legally protected classification characteristics, and personal information categories as identified in California’s Consumer Records statute.
We disclosed this information to vendors that perform services necessary for us to review the applicants background and qualification for employment with Chefs' Toys.
In addition, during the past 12 months, Chefs’ Toys has disclosed the following categories of personal information relating to California residents that have used its website, purchase products or services, communicated with Chefs' Toys, or requested information from Chefs’ Toys: [Personal information, identifiers, internet activity, commercial information, geolocation information, sensory information.] We disclosed this information to the following categories of third parties:
With service providers that support our IT systems and security;
With email service providers who enable us to communicate with you and our other contacts;
With customer relationship management vendors as necessary for customer service and support, sales, marketing, and lead generation;
With website analytics vendors in order to understand our website traffic and usage patterns, optimize our website, and identify potential new customers;
With third-party marketing service providers that assist us with promotional materials, campaigns, and communications;
With our cloud-hosted server provider(s), who enables us to store, retain, and otherwise process necessary information;
With our payment processor as necessary to accept payments for products and services; and
With other third parties that provide necessary services for our business, but only for the purpose of those services.
Chefs’ Toys has not sold any categories of personal information to third parties in the past 12 months.
Please note that we may also use, disclose, or transfer your information in connection with the sale, merger, dissolution, restructuring, divestiture, or acquisition of our company or its assets.
We may also disclose your personal information in response to a court order, subpoena, search warrant, law, or regulation.
Disclosure and Sale of Personal Information
The CCPA provides California residents with the rights discussed below.
For convenience, and as required by the CCPA, we explain how you can exercise those rights, to the extent they are applicable.
Right to Request Access Information.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of your personal information during the past 12 months.
Specifically, you may request that we disclose:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
The business and commercial purposes for collecting your personal information;The categories of third parties with whom we shared your personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you; and
If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, the categories of personal information received by each category of third party.
Right to Data Portability.
You have the right to request that we provide copies of the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
If a verifiable consumer request is made, and subject to any exceptions or limitations under the CCPA, we will take steps to deliver the personal information to you either by mail or electronically.
If we provide the information to you electronically, it will be in a portable and readily useable format, to the extent technically feasible.
Right to Request Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete personal information we collected from you, subject to any exceptions or limitations under the CCPA.
To exercise the rights described above, you—or someone authorized to act on your behalf—must submit a verifiable consumer request to us by calling us at (714)665-2433 or submitting a request via email at customersupport@chefstoys.com.
Your request must allow us to reasonably verify that you are the individual regarding whom we collected the personal information and must describe the request with enough detail that we can understand and respond to it.
Specifically, to verify you and the legitimacy of your request, you must provide your name, address, and email address, and a description regarding the methods you believe you used to submit personal information to Chefs’ Toys.
If you do not provide this information, we will not be able to respond to your request or provide you with the personal information requested.
Please do not provide social security numbers, government identification numbers, payment card information, bank account information, or any similarly sensitive information as part of your request.
You may only submit requests for access or data portability twice within any 12-month period.
As indicated above, please be aware that the CCPA provides certain limitations and exception to the foregoing rights, which may result in us denying or limiting our response to your request.
The CCPA requires us to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days, but permits us to extend that period by an additional 45 days, provided we notify you of the reason for the extension in writing.
We will notify you that we have received your request within 10 days of its receipt.
In general, we will not charge a fee to respond to a verifiable request, unless it is excessive, repetitive, or unfounded.
Our Commitment Not to Discriminate
If a California resident exercises the rights discussed above, consistent with the CCPA, we will not discriminate against that resident by denying goods or services, charging different prices or rates for goods or services, providing different levels or quality of goods or services, or suggesting that the resident will receive a different price, rate, or quality of goods or services.
Changes to this Notice
Please note that we may change this Notice from time to time.
We will post change here and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this document. Continued use of this website after any changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes.
Please check this Notice periodically for updates.
Our Contact Information
To contact us regarding this Notice, your rights under the CCPA, or to exercise those rights, please complete the CCPA form or contact us using the information below.
Chefs' Toys
Attn: Tara Jaggars
Address: 18340 Pacific St., Fountain Valley, CA 92708
Phone: (714)665-2433
Email: customersupport@chefstoys.com
Affiliated Companies
BigTray
Hockenbergs
ISI Texas
Kintera Equipment
OrderUp
R.W. Smith Co.
TriMark Adams-Burch
TriMark Arizona
TriMark Economy Restaurant Fixtures
TriMark Federighi Design
TriMark Gill Group
TriMark Gill Marketing
TriMark Premier Collections
TriMark Innovation Center
TriMark Kitchen Solutions
TriMark Marlinn
TriMark Orange County
TriMark SS Kemp
TriMark Strategic
Back to Top
×
Choose your location
For the best experience, please enter your delivery zip code.
×
You've been redirected from BigTray
Welcome to Chefs' Toys!
BigTray has merged with Chefs' Toys.
The sales team at BigTray will continue to be here to serve you under the Chefs' Toys brand.
Call us at 1-800-244-2729.
We're here to help!
For more information, click here