http://www.tt-asiapacific.com/Data-privacy-statement
DE
COM
UK
AU
FR
MA
CH
IT
DK
AT
JP
NO
CZ
PL
SE
RO
FI
ES
HU
X
Products
>
Applications
>
Services
>
Company
>
Smart technology to bring the essentials for life to everyone
Home
Data-privacy-statement
TRACTO-TECHNIK Data Privacy Statement
Preamble
We take the protection of personal data and, therefore, your privacy very seriously. We would like to take this opportunity to explain how we protect your data and what it means for you when you use our services. To guarantee maximum protection of your privacy, it is a matter of course for us to comply with all legal provisions on data protection. We comply with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and those of the new German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-new) to Adapt Data Protection Law to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and to Implement Directive (EU) 2016/680 (Datenschutz-Anpassungs- und -Umsetzungsgesetz EU – DSAnpUG-EU).
Given that legislative amendments or changes to our internal company processes may make it necessary for us to amend our Data Privacy Statement, we kindly ask you to read this Data Privacy Statement regularly. The Data Privacy Statement can be accessed, saved and printed out at any time under Data Privacy Statement.
1. Scope of validity
This Data Privacy Statement applies to the online services of TRACTO-TECHNIK GmbH & Co.KG, Paul-Schmidt-Str. 2, 57368 Lennestadt, Germany (hereinafter referred to as "TRACTO-TECHNIK") which are accessible under the domain www.tracto-technik.com.au and the various sub-domains (hereinafter referred to as "our website").
2. Name and address of the responsible party
The responsible body and service provider is TRACTO-TECHNIK GmbH & Co.KG, Paul-Schmidt-Straße 2, 57368 Lennestadt, Germany (hereinafter referred to as "TRACTO-TECHNIK").
3. Name and address of the data protection officer
Rechtsanwalt Dr. Kasten Kinast, LL.M.
KINAST Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Hohenzollernring 54
50672 Köln
mail@kinast.eu
www.kinast.eu
4. General information about data processing
In principle, we collect and use our users' personal data only to the extent required to provide a functional website along with our content and services.
4.1. Personal data
Personal data is information which is associated with you as an individual. That includes your name, e-mail address, residential address, gender, date of birth, telephone number and age. Non-personal data is information such as the number of users on a website.
4.2. Processing of personal data
Processing refers to any process – with or without the assistance of an automated procedure – or any such series of processes executed in relation to personal data, such as the collection, recording, organisation, arrangement, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or making available in some other way, alignment or combination, limitation, deletion or destruction.
We collect personal data via this website if you provide us with it voluntarily, for example in the context of communication with us by filling out a form or sending us e-mails. We use this data for the specified purposes or those which arise from the enquiry, such as use of your e-mail address to contact you. Transfer to third parties takes place only if it is expressly permitted by law or you have consented to the transfer as part of your application or over the course of an active business relationship. Otherwise, you can use the general information on www.tracto-technik.de without disclosing your personal data.
In particular, personal data is processed as follows:
4.2.1. Contact form
If you use the option of sending us enquiries via our contact form, we ask for the name of your company, your title, first name, surname, street address, telephone number and e-mail address. You can also enter your personal message to us in the message field. It is entirely your decision whether you share the data with us. Without these details, however, we will not be able to respond to your request for contact. So we can make sure that no robots fill out the form automatically, you will be prompted to enter the verification code correctly.
Provision of your personal data enables us to forward your enquiry directly to the right distributor for the best possible processing of your enquiry. Your personal data is not passed on to third parties when you use the contact form.
The data processing described above for the purpose of making contact is carried out in accordance with Art. 6(1b) and Art. 6(1f) GDPR.
4.2.2. Newsletter
Before you can subscribe to our e-mail newsletter, we need, in addition to your consent, your e-mail address, first name, surname, postcode and country of residence. This personal data is processed to address you personally in e-mails and tailor the content of the newsletter to you individually. It is entirely your decision whether you share the data with us. Without this information, however, we may not be able to send you our newsletter.
When you sign up to the newsletter, your e-mail address is used for our own promotional purposes until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. To unsubscribe, you can either send an informal e-mail to info@tracto-technik.de or follow the link at the end of the newsletter.
The legal basis for data processing after the user has subscribed to the newsletter is the existence of consent from the user, Art. 6(1a) GDPR.
4.2.3. Tractuell
If you are interested in our Tractuell, you can send an informal e-mail to info@tracto-technik.de. We assure you that we will process the personal data you provide only for the purpose of sending Tractuell. Your data is stored for as long as you are subscribed to Tractuell. On unsubscribing, your data is erased. To unsubscribe, you can send an informal e-mail to info@tracto-technik.de. Continued storage may take place on a case-by-case basis if this is prescribed by law. The data processing mentioned above is carried out in accordance with Art. 6(1b) and Art. 6(1f) GDPR.
4.2.4. Online product enquiry
If you would like to submit an online product enquiry on our website (e.g. about a pipe bending machine), you will need to specify, in addition to technical data, the name of your company, the telephone number, an e-mail address and a contact person. It is entirely your decision whether you share the data with us. Without these details, however, we will not be able to respond to your product enquiry. The details enable us to answer your enquiry as best we can, in particular to establish contact with a contact person. Your personal data is not forwarded to third parties when you submit a product enquiry.
The data processing for the purpose of answering your online product enquiry is carried out in accordance with Art. 6(1b) and Art. 6(1f) GDPR.
4.3. Legal basis for the processing of personal data
The collection and use of our users' personal data takes place on a regular basis only with the users' consent. Provided that we have obtained the data subject's consent to process their personal data, Article 6(1a) GDPR serves as the legal basis for the processing of personal data.
An exception is made is such cases where prior consent cannot be obtained for factual reasons and statutory provisions permit the processing of the data. For the processing of personal data which is required to perform a contract to which the data subject is party, Article 6(1b) GDPR serves as the legal basis. This also applies to processing operations required to take steps prior to entering into a contract.
Insofar as processing of personal data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, Article 6(1c) GDPR serves as the legal basis. If processing is necessary in order to protect the legitimate interests of our company or a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject, Article 6(1f) GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing.
5. Cookies
In the following section, we describe in detail data processing operations in the context of using cookies.
5.1. Use of cookies
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small files that we send to your browser and store on your device in the course of your visit to our website. Some of the features of our website cannot be provided without the use of strictly necessary cookies. Whereas other cookies enable us to perform various analyses. For example, cookies are able to recognise the browser you are using on subsequent visits to our website and transmit various information to us. Using cookies allows us to make the design of our website more user-friendly and effective for you by understanding your use of our site and establishing your preferred settings (such as country and language settings). Insofar as third parties process information via cookies, they collect the information through your browser directly. Cookies do not harm your device. Cookies are unable to execute programs and do not contain viruses.
Transient cookies are used on our website which are automatically deleted as soon as you close your browser. This type of cookie allows your session ID to be recorded. This means that different requests from your browser can be assigned to a joint session, and it allows us to recognise your end device during any subsequent visits to the website. The session cookies are automatically deleted when you log out or close the browser.
Our website also uses persistent cookies. Persistent cookies are cookies that are stored in your browser over an extended period and that transmit information to us. The respective storage period differs depending on the cookie. You can delete persistent cookies yourself via your browser settings.
5.2. Legal basis
The legal basis for processing strictly necessary cookies is our legitimate interest in processing personal data in accordance with Art. 6(1f) GDPR. The personal data is deleted once it is no longer required for this purpose and, in particular, when the cookies are deactivated. We require your consent for cookies that are not strictly necessary or third-party cookies. If you have granted us your consent to the use of cookies based on the information provided on the website ("cookie banner"), the legitimacy of use is also based on Art. 6(1a) GDPR. As soon as the data that is transmitted to us via the cookies is no longer required in order to achieve the above-mentioned purposes, this information is erased. Continued storage may take place on a case-by-case basis if this is prescribed by law.
5.3. Configuration of the browser settings
Most browsers are preset in such a way that they accept cookies as standard. However, you can configure your respective browser in such a way that it only accepts certain cookies or no longer accepts cookies at all. However, you must bear in mind that you may no longer be able to make full use of all of the functions of our website if you deactivate cookies via your browser settings on our website. You can also use your browser settings to delete cookies that have already been stored on your browser. Furthermore, it is also possible to set your browser in such a way that you are notified before cookies are stored. Since the different browsers may function differently, we ask you to make use of the relevant help menu in your browser for the configuration options. If you want to see a comprehensive overview of all third-party access to your Internet browser, we recommend that you install plug-ins that are specially developed for this.
6. Tracking and analysis tools (performance cookies)
We use tracking and analysis tools to guarantee the ongoing optimisation and needs-based design of our website. Using tracking measures, we are able to record statistics about the use of our website by visitors and further develop our online services with the help of the knowledge gained as a result. If you have granted us your consent to the use of performance cookies based on the information provided on the website ("cookie banner"), the legitimacy of use is also based on Art. 6(1a) GDPR. As soon as the data that is transmitted to us via the cookies is no longer required in order to achieve the above-mentioned purposes, this information is erased. Continued storage may take place on a case-by-case basis if this is prescribed by law.
6.1. Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter referred to as "Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files that are stored on your computer and make it possible to analyse how you use the website.
The data generated by these cookies, for example about the time, location and frequency of your use of this website, is normally sent to a Google server in the USA, where it is stored. When using Google Analytics, the possibility cannot be excluded that the cookies set by Google Analytics will collect other personal data besides the IP address. Please note that Google may transfer this information to third parties where required by law or insofar as third parties process this data on behalf of Google.
Google will use the information generated by cookies on behalf of the operator of this website to analyse your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services for the website operator related to the use of the website and the Internet. Google states that it does not link the IP address relayed by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics to other Google data.
In general, you can prevent cookies from being saved by means of the relevant setting in your browser software. However, please bear in mind that you may not be able to make full use of all the functions on this website if you do so.
The possibility cannot be excluded that the cookies set by Google Analytics will collect other personal data besides the IP address. To prevent information about your use of the website being collected by and transferred to Google Analytics, you can download and install a plug-in for your browser under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
This plug-in prevents information about your visit to the website being transmitted to Google Analytics. This plug-in does not prevent any other analyses.
Please note that you cannot use the above-mentioned browser plug-in when visiting our website via the browser on a mobile device (smartphone or tablet). When using a mobile device, you can prevent the collection of your usage data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link: Deactivate Google Analytics. Clicking on this link will set an opt-out cookie in your browser. This opt-out cookie prevents information about your visit to the website being transmitted to Google Analytics. Please note that the opt-out cookie is only valid for this browser and only for this domain. If you erase the cookies in this browser, the opt-out cookie will also be erased. To continue to prevent Google Analytics from recording data, you must click the link again. Use of the opt-out cookie is also possible as an alternative to the above plug-in when using the browser on your computer.
To guarantee the best possible protection of your personal data, Google Analytics has been expanded on this website to include the code "anonymizeIp". This code causes the last eight bits of the IP addresses to be erased so that your IP address is recorded anonymously (IP masking). In principle, Google will shorten and thereby anonymise your IP address before transferring it within the member states of the European Union or to other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there.
6.2. WiredMinds
Our website uses tracking pixel technology provided by wiredminds GmbHto analyse visitor behaviour. Where necessary, data is collected, processed, stored and then used to create usage profiles under a pseudonym. Where possible and practical, this usage profile is completely anonymous. Cookies may be used for this purpose. Cookies are small text files which are stored on the visitor's Internet browser and used to recognise the Internet browser. The collected data, which may also contain personal data, is transferred to WiredMinds or collected directly by WiredMinds. WiredMinds may use information that is left during a visit to the websites to create anonymised usage profiles. The data collected is not used to identify the visitor to this website personally without the specific consent of the individual concerned, and is not combined with personal data pertaining to the bearer of the pseudonym. If IP addresses are collected, they are immediately anonymised by way of deleting the last block of numbers.
Be excluded from website tracking and get more information about lead generation with LeadLab.
7. Social media fan pages
You can use our website to access our social media fan pages on Facebook, Twitter, Xing, LinkedIn and YouTube by clicking on the relevant social media button. When you click on one of these buttons, you will be immediately redirected to the website of the social media provider. No data is therefore processed on our website. However, as the operator of these fan pages, we are also responsible and must guarantee that your data is processed lawfully via these fan pages. You can find further information about the data processing that takes place on these fan pages on our fan page itself and in the privacy policy of the respective social media provider:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
https://www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=de
XING:
https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection
http://www.xing.com/privac
LinkedIn:
http://www.linkedin.com/static?key=privacy_policy&trk=hb_ft_priv
YouTube:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
8. Security measures to protect the data we store
We have set up organisational and technical security precautions to protect your data, in particular against loss, manipulation or unauthorised access. We regularly adapt our security precautions to ongoing technical developments. Intensive information and training of our employees as well as their obligation to data secrecy ensure that your data is treated confidentially. Our security measures also include occasionally asking for proof of your identity, particularly when you contact our customer service by phone.
9. Use of service providers to process personal data/processing of data in countries outside the European Economic Area
If we use service providers to perform services and to process your data regarding our services and products, those service providers process the data exclusively in accordance with our instructions and have been obliged to comply with the applicable data protection regulations. All processors have been carefully selected and will only have access to your data required to provide the services to the extent and for the period required, or to the extent to which you have consented to the processing and use of the data.
Service providers in countries such as the USA or in countries outside the European Economic Area are subject to data protection which in general does not protect personal data to the same extent as that of the member states of the European Union. If your information is processed in a country which does not have a recognised high level of data protection similar to that of the European Union, we will use contractual regulations or other recognised means to ensure that your personal data is adequately protected.
10. Storage period
We store your personal data only for as long as permitted by law. The stored personal data will be deleted if the user revokes their consent to its storage, if access to this data is no longer required to fulfil the purpose served by its storage, in particular if the user account is deleted, or if its storage is inadmissible for other legal reasons. Applicable statutory retention periods from the German Commercial Code or the German Fiscal Code remain unaffected by this. During the statutory retention period, your personal data will be blocked and not transferred for any other data processing.
11. Rights of the data subject
11.1. Right of access by the data subject
You have the right to request information from us at any time about the data we store about you, as well as the origin, recipients or categories of recipients to whom this data is transferred and the purpose of the storage.
11.2. Right to withdraw consent
If you have given consent to the use of data, you can withdraw it at any time without stating reasons with future effect. To do so, send an e-mail to datenschutz@tracto-technik.de or a written notice to: TRACTO-TECHNIK GmbH & Co. KG, Paul-Schmidt-Strasse 2, 57368 Lennestadt, Germany.
11.3. Right to rectification
You may request the rectification of inaccurate data or the completion of data stored with us without undue delay
11.4. Right to erasure and blocking
You have the right to blocking and erasure of the data we store about you. Erasure of your personal data is usually completed within two working days of exercising this right of the data subject. If the deletion is contrary to statutory, contractual or fiscal and commercial retention obligations or other statutory grounds, your data may only be blocked rather than erased. After the deletion of your data, information can no longer be provided.
11.5. Right to data portability
In the event that you request the personal data you have given us, we will provide you or another responsible person, if you wish, with the data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. The latter, however, only if it is technically possible.
11.6. Right to object
You have the right to object to the data processing at any time without stating your reasons. It may be the case, however, that once the right to object is exercised, we can no longer provide our services in full, because the processing of specific personal data is essential for certain services.
11.7. Contact for exercising the rights of the data subject
When you contact us by e-mail at datenschutz@tracto-technik.de or by post at TRACTO-TECHNIK GmbH & Co. KG, Paul-Schmidt-Str. 2, 57368 Lennestadt, Germany, we store the data you share (your e-mail address, name and telephone number if applicable) so we can respond to your questions or request. We erase the data that arises in this context once storage is no longer required, or restrict the processing if there are statutory retention requirements
12. Right of appeal to a supervisory authority
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority against the processing of your personal data if you feel your rights under the GDPR have been infringed.
DO YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS?
WE WILL BE GLAD TO HELP YOU!
You can reach us by phone
Call
+61 7 3420 5455
E-Mail
CONTACT FORM
© TRACTO-TECHNIK GmbH & Co. KG
trenchless technology – simple & easy
Terms of use
Legal notice
Data privacy statement
Disclaimer
Contact
Do you have any product or
services related questions?
Please contact us:
+61 7 3420 5455
SEND E-MAIL