http://www.inclinepress.com/terms-and-conditions
Incline Press
Cart
0
Home
Shop
Unbound
About
Blog
Red takes a break from Quality Control
Terms and ConditionsPricesAll our prices are in UK Pounds.AvailabilityOur system automatically acknowledges receipt of your order. Acknowledgement of receipt, however, does not constitute acceptance of your offer to purchase. We endeavour to hold stock of all items advertised, but cannot guarantee availability 100% of the time. By acknowledging receipt of your order we are not creating a binding obligation to supply an item that is not in stock. If you order an item that is unavailable for whatever reason we will contact you and await your subsequent instructions.OrdersYou can order in the following ways: By the online Shop;by post: send your requirements to Incline Press, 36 Bow Street Oldham OL1 1SJ England;By telephone: 0161 627 1966 or from overseas 044 11 161 627 1966PaymentWe accept payment in the following ways:  In our online shop you may pay by PayPal or credit card. Through the post we accept payments by cheque or by bank transfer. Cheques should be made out to "Incline Press ". Payments by cheque will need to be cleared before dispatch. Bank transfer details are: Acct number: 02629089 sort code: 090150 BIC: ABBYGB2LXXX IBAN: GB55ABBY09015002629089. We can also send Paypal invoices upon request.Shipping Orders will normally be shipped by Royal Mail or Parcel Force. Most orders will be sent out within three days but please allow twenty-one days for delivery.Returns and exchangesWe believe that you will be delighted with your purchase from us. However, should there be any reason to return something, you have the right to cancel the contract for the purchase within seven working days of receiving delivery.Please note that you will be responsible for the costs of returning the goods to us unless we delivered the item to you in error or the item is faulty. Please return any such items to the following address: Incline Press, 36 Bow Street, Oldham OL1 1SJ.Customer Support and ServiceIf you need to contact us please email graham.moss@inclinepress.com Feedback about our service and products is always welcome and we will try to deal with any difficulties in a straightforward way as quickly as possible.PrivacyWe are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998)The information we hold should be accurate and up to date and you can contact us to check this. Please inform us of any inaccuracies so we may correct it promptly.We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.Your personal information will be held securely for the uses described above. It will not be made available to any other party for any purpose.If you do not want us to send you any marketing material in the future or if you have any questions/comments about a privacy matter, please let us know.Read our more detailed Privacy Policy or check our our newly updated Cookie PolicyGeneralThese terms are governed by the laws of England and Wales and in the event of any dispute will be decided only by the courts of England and Wales. The above terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.