http://www.chaucerconsulting.com/terms?hsLang=en
The Chaucer Group – Chaucer
Home
What we do
What we do
Agile delivery
Change
Communications
Cyber security
Data
Innovation
P3M delivery
People development
Strategy
Technology
COVID-19
Client stories
Insights
Insights
Events
Reports
Careers
Contact us
Privacy,Cookies &Terms
This Web site is administered by Chaucer Group Limited. The primary purpose of this site is to be a dynamic resource and business tool to help you create your future. We want you to feel secure when visiting our site and are committed to maintaining your privacy when doing so. The following provides an overview of how we protect your privacy during your visit.
Privacy Policy
Chaucer is committed to protecting the privacy of our users and clients. This privacy policy is intended to inform you how we gather, define, and utilise your Information.
This policy applies to Information collected by us, or provided by you, over our Website or in any other way (such as over the telephone). It is also intended to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Website. Please take a minute to read and understand the policy.
All your personal Information shall be held and used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 (the “Act”) and any other applicable data protection laws within the EU and the United Kingdom, including but not limited to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you want to know what information we collect and hold about you, please write to us at: governance@chaucer.com
Chaucer is the data controller of your Information for the purposes of the Act.
What information do we collect on our website?
When you visit our Website, you may provide us with personal information such as name, address, email address and phone number (“Information”). You may provide us with Information in a number of ways:
by supplying us with the Information as listed above, on an individual basis by completing a Contact Us form on our Website, signing up to receive a newsletter or registering for an event; and
by corresponding with us by email, in which case we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
We may also collect personal data from authorised and recognised job boards that you may have previously consented to.
We may also collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type and the geographical location of your computer, for system administration. This is statistical data about browsing actions and patterns and does not identify you as an individual.
Cookies
Similar to other commercial websites, our Website uses a technology called “cookies” and web server logs to collect information about how our Website is used. For details about how we use cookies, please see further down this page.
How do we use the information that you provide to us?
We use your Information in the following ways:
to ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer or device;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to contact you with information about our services that we feel may be of interest to you (you can let us know at any time if you no longer wish to receive these communications by contacting governance@chaucer.com or following the instructions contained in the communication.
We may pass your Information to third party organisations:
if we buy or sell any business or assets in which case we may disclose your Information to the seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements or protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your consent
By using our Website, you consent to our collection and use of the Information as described in this Privacy Policy and the Cookies Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Website or otherwise notify you to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Your Interests
If we process your personal information for our legitimate interests, we will consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection and any other relevant law. Our legitimate business interests do not automatically override your interests – we will not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Where we store your personal data
Data and Information that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). You consent to our sending and storing Your Information outside the EEA. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy and Cookies Policy.
Security
We maintain the highest standards of security, however the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. So, whilst we will do our best to protect your Information, we cannot ensure the security of your data during transit to our Website. Any information you submit is sent at your own risk. Once we have received your Information we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
Third party sites
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which are linked to ours is subject to that website’s own rules and policies.
Cookies
We collect information directly from you in a number of ways, some of which we describe in this Privacy Statement.
One way is through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files of information which save and retrieve information about your visit to this site – for example, how you entered it, how you navigated through it, and what information was of interest to you.
The cookies we use identify you merely as a number.
If you are uncomfortable regarding cookies use, please keep in mind you can disable cookies on your computer by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your browser.
Contact us: info@chaucer.com
© Copyright 2020 Chaucer
Privacy, cookies & terms
Team Login