http://www.woodlandfoods.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Main navigation
Search (Ex: Morels, m21, curries)
Search
Home
Products
Brands
Recipes
Company
About Us
Careers
Our Culture
Customer Service
Services
Press Info
Mushrooms & Truffles
Chiles
Herbs and Spices
Grains
Rice
Beans, Lentils & Peas
Sun-Dried Tomatoes
Couscous, Orzo & Noodles
Fruits
Nuts & Seeds
Vegetables
Snacks
Oils, Pastes, & Specialty
Edible Insects
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICYBecause your privacy is very important to Woodland Foods, we want you to understand our practices with regard to collecting and using your information both online and offline and the steps we take to safeguard it.  This statement applies to Personally Identifiable Information collected from our customers.  When this Privacy Policy uses the term, “Personally Identifiable Information,” it refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and can be used to identify, contact or locate you.  Personally Identifiable Information might include your name, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, and other identification and contact information.  We may also collect certain financial information; whenever we do so, we will attempt to provide a link to this Privacy Policy so that you can confirm how this information will be used.  With this information, we can fill your service and product orders and better provide you with personalized services.  By visiting this website, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please leave this website and do not use any portion of it.
“Non-Personally Identifiable Information” refers to information that does not identify a specific individual by itself or in combination with other information.  We may gather certain information about you such as age, date of birth, gender, as well as consumer purchasing information based upon where you shop on our websites.  This information may be compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis.  This information may include this website’s Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.  A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the Internet.  An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (“TCP/IP”) network, such as the Internet.  Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination.  In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet, allowing Internet servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
We welcome all questions and feedback.  For privacy-related issues, please contact us at:   WoodlandFoods.com   Customer Service   3751 Sunset Avenue   Waukegan, IL 60087   help@woodlandfoods.com
1. Information We Collect
a. Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect personally Identifiable Information when you:
Place an order from this website;
Return an item or make an exchange;
Inquire about our products or services;
Request product information;
Create an account on our website;
Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event either online or offline;
Correspond with us, or
Otherwise volunteer information to us.
b. Non-Personally Identifiable Information
This website collects some non-personal information about you using our internet and computer technology, so it may not be readily apparent to you that it is being collected.  Non-Personally Identifiable Information is not combined with Personally Identifiable Information.
2. Use of Data We Collect
a. Personally Identifiable Information
At Woodland Foods, we always want to provide you with the best possible shopping experience and fulfill your orders exactly as you have requested.  In order to do this, we use your Personally Identifiable Information to allow us to:
Process and track your order;
Provide the products or services you request;
Contact you about the status of an order;
Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you;
Identify your product and service preferences;
Customize our  communications to you;
Provide information concerning product recalls or other information regarding products you have purchased; or
Improve our merchandise selection and customer service.
Your email address will not be shared with any third parties. Instructions for unsubscribing from any newsletters, promotions or non-transactional related emails are included in every email.
b. Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
We use the Non-Personally Identifiable Information that we collect from our customers and other visitors in a manner that does not personally identify any individual.  We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to make our website more interesting and useful to you and others.  We also track the pages or documents accessed within our website.  This information is collected for systems administration and for analyzing and improving the value of the material available on our website.  This Non-Personally Identifiable Information may be used to help our advertisers or our site design teams create advertisements our guests might like.
Cookies: Like many other commercial sites, our website utilizes standard technologies called “cookies” to collect information about how our website is used.  A cookie is a small data text file, that a website stores on your computer’s hard drive (if your web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us.  Cookies are designed to help a website recognize a user’s browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site.  A cookie cannot be read by a website other than the one that set the cookie.  Cookies can securely store a customer’s password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a “shopping cart.”  For instance, cookies allow us to prepopulate (or fill in) an email field with your email address if you revisit one of our website and place an order.  A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your email address.  We send a cookie to your hard drive when you place an order to record the product name, category of product that you ordered, the amount paid, the order number and any referral codes.  No Personally Identifiable Information is recorded.  When you click through to our website from a promotional email, our third-party advertising service partner may send a cookie to your hard drive recording your IP address and other related information.
3. Information We Share with Others
a. Our Contractors
We contract with other companies (such as shippers and website developers) to provide certain services to Woodland Foods to fulfill orders, provide contests and create our website.  In some instances, these contractors may have access to Personally Identifiable Information but they are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality of the information and to use it only for purposes of carrying out the business of Woodland Foods.
Our contractors are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Woodland Foods.
b. Third Parties
Your personally identifiable information is never shared with any third party (except as described above to our contractors who use it ONLY to carry out Woodland Foods business).
4. Disclosure Exceptions
Notwithstanding the above policies, we may disclose your personal information to appropriate third parties if we are required to do so by law or we believe that such action is necessary:
To comply with legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order;
To protect the company’s rights and property;
To investigate reports of fraud or of users sending material using a false e-mail address or users sending harassing, threatening, or abusive messages;
To protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website; or
During emergencies, such as when we believe someone’s physical safety is at risk.
In the unlikely event that Woodland Foods ever becomes insolvent and seeks protection under bankruptcy or insolvency laws, or if Woodland Foods plans to merge or be acquired by another business entity, Woodland Foods may share or sell your personal and non-personal information with a third party that acquires our business.
5. Your Choices
We offer choices about the types of information you receive from us. If you prefer not to receive product information or other communications from Woodland Foods or if you prefer to receive them less frequently, please contact us at customerservice@woodlandfoods.com.
Please be sure to provide us your exact name and address, or the mailing label from your catalog, so that we can be sure to identify you correctly.  Because mailings are planned in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective.  If, due to human error, you continue to receive unwanted communications, please contact us again and we will make every effort to correct the situation.
6. Email Use
When you provide us your email address, we may send you emails necessary to process your order or respond to a request.  For example, after you place an order at any of our websites you will receive an email confirmation and, in most cases, an email with package tracking information.  We will send you promotional email only if you have agreed to receive it.  Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each promotional e-mail or newsletter.  Your email address will also be used to respond to your request or to process your order, and except as provided in this Privacy Policy will not be shared with any third parties.  Instructions for unsubscribing are included in every email containing promotional material.
7. Links to Other website
Occasionally we provide links on our website to other sites we think you will enjoy. These sites operate independently of Woodland Foods and have established their own privacy and security policies. Woodland Foods does not have any control over the privacy practices of these sites.  For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you plan to visit.
8. Security
We intend to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you.  We employ reasonable security measures to protect the security of the information you submit to us. We limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities.  When you make a purchase, request product information or create an account on our website, your transactional information is transmitted in a safe, encrypted format.  We maintain the data you provide, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database.
We also encourage our partners and service providers who have access to your information to adopt and follow stringent consumer privacy policies.
9. Privacy of Children on Our Web website
It is our policy not to collect Personally Identifiable Information from any person under 13 because children are not permitted to order from this website, and we request that children under the age of 13 not submit any Personally Identifiable Information to us through this website.  If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered Personally Identifiable Information from children under 13, we will promptly remove such information from our records.
10. Policy Changes
Woodland Foods may modify this Privacy Policy in our discretion, at any time, without notice. Your use of this website will be conditioned upon the Privacy Policy that is posted on our site at the time of your use. Please be sure to review our Terms of Use before proceeding to use our website.
11. Special Notice to California Residents
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents have the right to request and receive from us, one a year and free of charge, information about the personal information we have disclosed (if any) to third parties for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of personal information shared.  To make such a request, please send an email to CustomerService@WoodlandFoods.com including the phrase “California Privacy Request” in the subject line, and provide us with your name, postal address and email address.
12. Questions or Comments?
For questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to contact us at our email or physical address at the beginning of this Privacy Policy.
Last revised: September 2015
Back To Top
We explore the world for the finest specialty food ingredients
Foodservice
Consumer
Industrial