http://www.ghost.co.uk/terms_of_use
Our website uses cookies so that you can place orders and we can provide a better service. Continue to use the site as normal if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.
Terms of Use
Introduction
1.1 www.ghost.co.uk (the Site) is operated by Ghost Retail Ltd (we and us).
1.2 Use of the Site is on the terms contained in this document (Terms of Use). By accessing, browsing, using, registering with, or placing an order on the Site you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by these Terms of Use in their entirety. They are a legal agreement between you and us and can only be amended with our consent. They should be read in conjunction with any details provided on the Site about how the Site operates and the services which are available. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, stop using the Site immediately.
1.3 The supply of any products or services you order from the Site is subject to our Terms & Conditions. You should also read our Privacy Policy.
1.4 We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use from time to time without prior notice by changing them on the Site.
Accessing the Site
2.1 We cannot guarantee that the Site will operate continuously or without interruptions or be error-free. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of the Site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period. You must not attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site and, in particular, you must not attempt to circumvent security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt the Site or any computer system, server, router or any other internet-connected device.
2.2 You are responsible for ensuring that your computer system meets all relevant technical specifications necessary to use the Site and is compatible with the Site. You also understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that any content of the Site will be free from infection, viruses and/or other code that has contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the safety and reliability of data input and output.
2.3 From time to time, we may restrict access to some features or parts of the Site, or the entire Site, to users who have registered with us. If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms of Use. You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Site through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use, and that they comply with them.
2.4 The purchase of certain products and services on the Site are subject to age requirements specified by law. We are not permitted by law to supply these products or services to individuals who do not satisfy these age requirements and, if you are underage, you must not attempt to order these products or services through the Site.
Accuracy of Information
3.1 We will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that information on the Site is accurate, but commentary and other material posted on the Site are not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. Except to the extent that our Terms & Conditions and/or Privacy Policy apply, we make no representation or warranty that any information is accurate, complete or up-to-date and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we accept no liability for any loss or damage caused by any reliance placed on such information by you or anyone to whom you communicate such information.
3.2 If you find any inaccurate information on the Site please let us know and we will endeavour to correct it, where we agree, as soon as reasonably practicable.
Use of Content
4.1 The copyright, database rights, trade marks, domain names and other intellectual property rights in all material and information on the Site (“the IPR Content”) belongs to or is licensed to us.
4.2 You may download or print off copies of the IPR Content on the Site for your personal, non-commercial use and information only. If you do download or print off copies of the IPR Content you must retain any copyright or other intellectual property notices contained in the original material.
4.3 You are not permitted to copy or adapt the IPR Content, layout or code of the Site, or create an archive or database containing all or parts of the IPR Content for any business purpose or other commercial exploitation, without our specific consent.
4.4 Our name may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity amounting to distribution of materials on the Site, without our prior written consent.
User Generated Content
5.1 By submitting content (other than your personal data) to the Site you confirm that you have the right to use the same and a submission together with your agreement to these Terms of Use shall constitute an assignment to us of any intellectual property rights in such content. Any content you upload to the Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, remove, distribute and disclose to third parties any such content for any purpose including (but not limited to) use of such content at our own discretion (with or without accreditation) in any media.
Links to this & other websites
6.1 We may from time to time provide links that will enable you to access the websites of third parties directly from the Site. Such third party sites are not under our control and, unless otherwise stated, we have no relationship with the third parties and no contribution is made by us to the content of such websites. When you click through to these sites you leave the area controlled by us, so we cannot therefore accept responsibility for any issues arising in connection with either the third parties' use of your data, the sites’ content or the services offered to you by these sites.
6.2 We reserve the right, at our discretion, to prohibit any link from another internet site to materials or information on this Site. Without prejudice to that right, if you wish to link to the Site, you may only do so on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, the home page of the Site, and subject to the following conditions:
You do not remove, distort or otherwise alter the size or appearance of our logo;
You do not create a frame or any other browser or border environment around the Site;
You do not in any way imply that we endorse any products or services other than our own;
You do not misrepresent your relationship with us nor present any other false or misleading information about us;
You do not otherwise use any of the trademarks displayed on the Site without our express written consent;
You do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and
6.3 Any website from which you link to the Site does not contain any content that is distasteful, offensive or controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or otherwise does not comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
Our Liability
7.1 Although we hope the Site will be of interest to users (and except to the extent that our Terms & Conditions and/or Privacy Policy apply), we accept no liability and offer no warranties or conditions in relation to this Site or its content, to the fullest extent such liability can be excluded by law.
7.2 We only provide the Site for domestic and private use. Except as provided in these Terms of Use, all terms implied by law are excluded. This does not include or limit in any way our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or our responsibility for fraudulent misrepresentation and any other liability that cannot, under English law, be excluded.
General
8.1 The Site is operated by Ghost Retail Limited (we / us). We are registered in England under company number 6734971 with our registered office at 85 Frampton Street, London NW8 8NQ. Our UK VAT registration number is 940 8236 25.
8.2 Any formal legal notices should be sent to us at our Customer Services address set out in the Contact Us section.
8.3 Failure by us to enforce a right does not result in waiver of such right. You may not assign or transfer your rights under these Terms of Use.
8.4 If any part of these Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable as a matter of law, all other parts of these Terms of Use shall be unaffected and shall remain in force.
8.5 You and we agree that English law applies to these Terms of Use and that any dispute between us regarding the Site or arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use will only be dealt with by the English courts, unless you are resident in another part of the United Kingdom, in which case the applicable law of that part of the United Kingdom will apply and any dispute will be brought before the courts there.
Contact Us
9.1 If you experience problems with the Site or would like to comment on it, please feel free to Contact Us.
Updates
10.1 These Terms of Use were last updated in September 2017.
Old Browser Detected
For best experience please use a newer browser