https://www.fujispray.com/privacy-policy
Tel: (416) 650-1430| Toll free: 1-800-650-0930
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Fuji Spray Auto
fujisprayTAN
PaintWIZ
Privacy Policy
Information about our Organization and Website
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organization like Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. We are based in Canada.
Our principal activity is: Manufacturer of Spray Painting Equipment
Our privacy policy covers Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd and its Web site: www.fujispray.com & www.fujispraytan.com
Company Name: Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd.
Address: 40 Magnetic Drive, #48
City, Zip: Toronto, ON M3J 2C4
Country: Canada
Website(s): www.fujispray.com & www.fujispraytan.com
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
The services and links of our Website
Our Website does not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others.
Our Website does not include links to third party Web service providers.
Automatic Collection of Information
We do not use cookies on our Web site.
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.
Information Collection And UseWhile using our Web site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name and email address (“Personal Information”).CommunicationsWe may use your Personal Information, such as your email address, to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, and other information. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you will be given the option to change your preferences or unsubscribe.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children.
We do not take specific steps to protect the privacy of children who disclose their personal data to us.
We do not provide information about our personal data practices in relation to children on our home page, or at those sites on our Web site where we collect personal data.
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
We do not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other organizations.
Confidentiality / Security
We give you the option of using a secure transmission method to send us the following types of personal data:
Primary personal data (such as name and contact details)
Credit Card Information
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
Unauthorized access
Improper use or disclosure
Unauthorized modification
Unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ personal data.
We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Access to the personal data we may hold about you
You can ask us, by:
Sending an email (info@fujispray.com)
Sending postal mail to this address (Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. 40 Magnetic Drive, #48 Toronto, ON M3J 2C4)
Calling this telephone number (1-800-650-0930)
whether we are keeping personal data about you.
Upon request, which you can indicate by:
Sending an email ( info@fujispray.com )
Sending postal mail to this address (Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. 40 Magnetic Drive, #48 Toronto, ON M3J 2C4)
Calling this telephone number (1-800-650-0930)
We will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you, almost instantaneously online, although we may before require proof of your identity. We will provide the information without any charge.
We do not allow our visitors to challenge the data that we hold about them.
We do not reserve the right to refuse to provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Fuji Spray® has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time and without notice. We ask that users check this page frequently in case of changes and to stay informed on how we are working together to protect the personal information collected. By using our this site, you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of any updates or modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. Should you not agree with any of the details outlined within the policy we ask that you refrain from using this site. Your continued usage following updates and modifications will be deemed as acceptance to this policy.
Privacy Compliance
There are no global or regional regulatory or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our website or organization.
In order to demonstrate that our privacy policy accords with the above privacy instrument, we are:
Voluntarily committed to a Self Assessment procedure
Self Assessment procedure
Name or designation of the privacy policy person or service: Fuji Spray®
URL: www.fujispray.com & www.fujispraytan.com
Address: Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. 40 Magnetic Drive, #48 Toronto, ON M3J 2C4
Country: Canada
Privacy Support
If you have an inquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact:
Address: Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. 40 Magnetic Drive, #48 Toronto, ON M3J 2C4
Phone Number: 1-800-650-0930
Email address: info@fujispray.com
URL: www.fujispray.com & www.fujispraytan.com
We do not recommend another means by which visitors’ concerns may be addressed.
Contest Rules and RegulationsApplication. These contest rules apply to contests operated by Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. at the applicable Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. website on which the Contest appears, unless there are specific rules stating otherwise, in which case those contest rules will apply. By entering the Contest, entrants agree to the legal bind by these rules, and will be expected to have read and understood all of these rules.Eligibility. Unless otherwise stated, eligibility occurs on the condition that an entrant is a legal resident of Canada (excluding Quebec) and the United States. Each entrant must be over the age of majority in his/her province, territory, or state of residence, depending on that province or state’s guidelines. Employees of Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd., its agents, parent, affiliated or related companies, subsidiaries, divisions, prize sponsors, promotional and advertising agencies or employees of any other entity involved in the development, production, administration, or fulfillment of the applicable Contest are not eligible to enter. A winner who claims a Prize during the Contest Period is not eligible to enter again in a subsequent draw.Prizing & Contest Period. The details of the prize(s) available to be won and the duration and timing of a Contest, including any other relevant information of a Contest will be identified through specific promotional materials, by Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd.’s website from the start of the contest, if applicable. Prize(s) must be accepted as awarded, and not be sold or converted to cash. Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. reserves the right to substitute a prize in the event that the prize is unavailable.Contest Entry. No purchase necessary to enter the Contest. Unless otherwise stated, there is a limit of one (1) entry per person per Contest. To enter a Contest, visit Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd.’s website during the entry period and follow the instructions on the Contest’s webpage to submit the online entry form. Entrants acknowledge that any questions, comments, or complaints regarding any Contest should be directed to Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. All entries are subject to verification at any time. Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. reserves the right to request proof of identity and/or eligibility (in a form acceptable to Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. – including government issued photo identification): (i) for the purposes of verifying an individual’s eligibility; (ii) for the purposes of verifying the eligibility and/or legitimacy of any entry or other information entered; and/or (iii) for any other reason Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. deems necessary for the purposes of the specific Contest. Failure to provide such proof to the complete satisfaction of Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. within the timeline specified (7 days) may result in disqualification. The determination of timely entries will be determined through the use of Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. clock. Should an applicant wish to be removed from the contest following completion of the entry form, they should send an email to news@fujispray.com to request that their entry be rendered null and void.For online entry: Without limiting the foregoing, if entry in a Contest occurs online, visit the Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. website during the applicable Contest entry period and follow the on-screen instructions on the applicable Contest’s webpage to complete and submit the online entry form.Some Contests may provide an Alternate Method of Entry (AMOE) by performing specific actions which may include, but are not limited to: sharing information about the Contest on social media sites; liking on social media; following on social media; downloading an application; or other actions. The Alternate Method of Entry requirements and the manner by which you can submit them can be found here.For entry via social media: Without limiting the foregoing, if entry in a Contest occurs via one or several of the official social networking pages Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd., entry must occur during the applicable Contest entry period by means of the applicable third party service or site (each, a “Third Party Service”). To enter a Contest by means of a Third Party Service, you must have a valid account with the applicable Third Party Service and are solely responsible to ensure that your account settings allow Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. to view your account as required to administer the applicable Contest (failing which, you may be disqualified). By creating an account with a Third Party Service, you agree to comply with such Third Party Service’s Terms of Service. By entering a Contest by means of a Third Party Service, entrants completely release any such Third Party Service of all liability in relation to his/her participation in the applicable Contest. Entrants acknowledge that the applicable Contest is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with the Third Party Service(s) and that any questions, comments or complaints regarding any Contest should be directed to Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. and not to Third Party Service(s).Prize Draw. For Contests where the winner is selected, a random draw for the prize(s) will take place by a Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. representative from all eligible entries collected during the Contest period. The potential prize winner will be contacted using the information provided at the time of entry. In the event a potential prize winner cannot be contacted within two (7) business days, as determined by Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd., or if these Contest Rules and Regulations are not adhered to by a potential winner, the winner will be disqualified and must forfeit all rights to the prize.Awarding of Prize(s). Proof of identification and proof of purchase (receipt) must be provided. In order to become a prize winner, each potential winner must first: (i) correctly answer a time-limited mathematical skill testing question administered by Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd.; (ii) be verified as complying with these Contest Rules and Regulations; and (iii) sign and return within the time frame outlined by Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd., a full release and indemnity form (“Release Form”) stating that they agree to be available and to participate in publicity and/or promotions related to the Contest, and authorizes Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. to broadcast, publish, and otherwise use their name, province/territory/state of residence, photograph, likeness, sobriquet and voice, in connection with any promotion and/or publicity, and/or for general news, entertainment and other information purposes at no additional compensation, beyond the awarding of the applicable prize, and accepts the applicable prize as offered and releases Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. from any and all liability relating to the Contest and his/her receipt and use or misuse of the prize. Fuji Industrial Spray Equipment Ltd. shall have no liability for a winner’s failure to receive notices due to spam, junk email, or other security settings, or for the winner’s provision of incorrect contact information.