http://www.emcins.com/misc/privacypolicy.aspx
Skip Navigation
Make a Payment
Report a Claim
Careers
About EMC
Log In
Search
Search Term
Log In
Search
Toggle navigation
EMC Insurance Companies
Search Term
Business
Life
Reinsurance
Loss Control
Agents
Make a Payment
Report a Claim
Careers
About EMC
Home
EMC Internet Privacy Policy
EMC Internet Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was updated on January 1, 2020.
We Care About Your Security
EMC Insurance Companies* (collectively, “EMC”, “we”, “us” or “our”) understands that privacy is an important issue for visitors to our websites at www.emcins.com and www.countonemc.com. It is the policy of EMC to protect the nonpublic, personally identifiable information of our customers and to keep this information secure and confidential. The following explanation is provided to help our website visitors understand what information is gathered through our site and how that information is handled and used once it is gathered.
EMC’s website consists of secure areas (Agent Access, Personal Policyholder Access, Commercial Policyholder Access, Legal Professionals Access, Independent Adjuster Access and All Retirees and EMCNL Employees Access) and public access areas. Secure areas require the correct login credentials before a visitor is permitted access. Public access areas, by comparison, are available to any visitor.
Policy Scope
This policy applies to www.emcins.com and www.countonemc.com. It does not apply to other EMC-owned websites, such as www.peakfleet.com and www.emcnationallife.com, which maintain and are subject to separate privacy policies.
This site contains a number of links to other sites. EMC is not responsible for the security or privacy practices of these sites, the products or services offered by these sites, or the content appearing on these sites. EMC does not endorse any products or services marketed at these other sites.
Information Gathering and Use
Nonpublic, personally identifiable information that is provided to EMC is gathered and maintained to provide users with the product or service requested, and to service customer accounts. Nonpublic, personally-identifiable information may include such information as:
Name
Phone number
Credit report
Other Consumer report information
Mailing address
Social Security no.
Driver’s license no.
Email address
Health information
Financial information
Information can be provided to EMC in a variety of ways including customer applications or other forms, customer transactions with EMC, consumer report agencies or insurance support organizations and prospective employees who apply for a position with EMC. The above listed nonpublic, personally identifiable information and ways of collecting this information are examples from this site and may not be all inclusive. EMC may preserve all information you provide for as long as required or permitted by regulation or law.
Information provided will be used in the normal course of business to provide services to the user and enhance the user experience. Nonpublic, personally identifiable information will be shared with (1) our affiliated insurance companies, (2) EMC National Life Company and EMC National Life Marketing Services, LLC, and (3) authorized third parties as necessary to provide services to the user, or otherwise as required or permitted by law. These third parties may include but are not limited to:
Independent agents or brokers
Independent claims adjusters or investigators
Other insurance companies or consumer reporting agencies involved in your application/policy/claim
Lienholders or other parties with a legal interest in your policy
Service providers
Insurance support organizations for fraud protection
Scientific research businesses that conduct studies such as actuarial or underwriting studies
Authorized persons by court order or as required by law
Medical providers
Certificateholders or policyholders
Law enforcement, regulators or other governmental authorities
EMC contractually prohibits these vendors from using your personal data for any other activities and from disclosing, selling or leasing that data to any other parties. EMC does not sell or redistribute this information. However, in the event of a merger, acquisition, asset sale or other transfer of company assets, reorganization, bankruptcy or similar event, personal information collected through this site may be transferred to or assigned to another entity, if permitted and done in accordance with applicable law, without your consent.
EMC does not collect or display nonpublic, personally identifiable information through its public access areas, except for the collection of contact information necessary to provide products or services to the requesting party. Some of the collected contact information is stored in a secured database and sometimes is used to generate reports that assist EMC in improving service. This contact information is not provided to anyone outside our company except as necessary to deliver products or services as requested.
To help us improve the content and services of our website, EMC gathers anonymous general technical data from each site visit. This data allows us to determine how many people visit our website, when they visit, what pages they visit, how long they stay and the website from which they connected to our website. We may gather such information through cookies, tags and other technologies as described in the “Cookies and Other Technologies” section below. For visits to our secure areas, the visitor’s login credentials are also collected.
Compelled Disclosure of Personal Information
There may be times when we are required by law to disclose the information that you have submitted. Unless we are legally prohibited to do so, we will do our best to provide you with notice that a request for your information has been made to give you an opportunity to object to the disclosure. If you do not challenge the disclosure request, we may be legally required to turn over your information.
Information Confidentiality and Security
Access to EMC’s secure areas is restricted to authorized users: EMC’s agents, policyholders, legal professionals, independent adjusters, retirees and EMC National Life Company employees. These users are “authorized” after meeting certain identification criteria and are assigned login credentials for their secure-areas access. Nonpublic, personally identifiable information pertaining to applicants, policyholders, employees of commercial policyholders, beneficiaries and claimants is obtained from and displayed to our authorized users via secure communications through EMC’s secure areas. Authorized users are only permitted access to nonpublic, personally identifiable information that pertains to their applicable account(s).
To ensure secure communications over the Internet for all nonpublic, personally identifiable information, EMC uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology to protect transmitted information from being intercepted while it is in transit over the internet. Access to EMC’s secure areas requires proper authentication through authorized login credentials. Once confidential information is gathered and stored within EMC’s systems, it is protected by firewalls and other access control systems and processes to keep it secure from unauthorized access. EMC uses reasonable technical and administrative safeguards to protect nonpublic, personally identifiable information during transmission and within our organization. However, no transmission of information over the Internet or method of electronic storage can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure.
Cookies and Other Technologies
EMC may use cookies and other similar technologies, such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs and Local Shared Objects (sometimes called "Flash cookies”), whenever you visit our site or mobile applications to automatically collect common information about your computer or device. We use these technologies to collect anonymous technical information, such as your browser information, Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system (OS), Internet Service Provider (ISP), session ID, page accessed, the time of visit, referring site, mobile device information and geographic location. EMC uses this information to improve the content, services and functionality of our website for the user. EMC does not use cookies or similar technologies to track your use of other websites.
Cookies are small text files that a website loads onto a visitor’s hard drive or in temporary memory that enable the website to recognize the visitor’s browser, and capture common technical information, so the website can give the visitor additional functionality. Cookies are used for such functions as maintaining information between pages on the site, to securely maintain a session in password protected areas and for website analysis to improve the visitor’s experience. For this analysis, we may utilize the following services:
Google Analytics
EMC may use a tool called Google Analytics to collect non-personally identifiable information about how visitors interact with the website. Google Analytics employs cookies to collect statistical data, such as standard Internet log information (e.g. IP address) and visitors’ browsing actions and patterns. The anonymous information is used to compile reports for system administration to improve the website functionality.
Google Analytics uses only first-party cookies which means it will only use cookie data related to your browsing behavior on a specific website for statistical analysis. Google Analytics reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. EMC does not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with non-public, personally identifiable information.
Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies in the preferences settings in your web browser. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings, be aware that this will disable some of the functionality on our website. You can opt out of Google Analytics collecting user information without affecting how you visit the EMC website. For more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites that you use, visit the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on page.
Crazy Egg
EMC may use Crazy Egg Analysis Service to obtain information regarding how visitors are interacting with our web pages, such as how visitors navigate around the webpage and the most commonly clicked links on a specific web page. Crazy Egg may also collect statistical data, such as standard internet log information (e.g. IP address). Crazy Egg creates reports and/or statistics that identify the collective behavior of users of our website, as opposed to the activity of specific individuals.
Crazy Egg uses first-party cookies to collect anonymous data for such purposes as assessing usage patterns, performing traffic analysis, identifying preferences and analyzing trends. Crazy Egg’s Service is not designed to collect nonpublic, personally identifiable information and EMC does not use it for such purposes. EMC and Crazy Egg do not link cookies or the information collected to nonpublic, personally identifiable information. EMC does not provide nonpublic, personally identifiable information to Crazy Egg. Crazy Egg never sells or shares any EMC website user information with anyone other than EMC.
Crazy Egg’s ability to use and share information collected by its Analysis Service about your visits to this site is restricted by the Crazy Egg Privacy Policy. You can prevent Crazy Egg from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies in the preferences settings in your web browser. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings, be aware that this will disable some of the functionality on our website. You can opt out of Crazy Egg collecting user information and without affecting how you visit the EMC website by using the Crazy Egg Opt-out instructions.
Cision
EMC obtains contact details and other personal information regarding media contacts and influencers from a variety of sources including Cision. If you wish to know more about how such information is collected and used, please refer to Cision’s privacy notice at www.cision.com/us/legal/privacy-policy.
Additional Technologies
EMC may use additional technologies which are similar to cookies, such as pixel tags, on this site and may permit our third-party service providers to use these technologies. A pixel tag, also known as a web beacon, clear GIF or pixel, is an invisible tag on a web page which generates a notice when you visit the page. Pixel tags usually work in conjunction with cookies, registering when a particular computer or device visits a specific page. If you turn off cookies, the pixel tag will only detect an anonymous website visit. These technologies, along with cookies, help EMC to improve our website functionality by tracking website usage.
This site may also use Local Shared Objects (sometimes called “Flash cookies”) which are data files that are created and stored outside of your browser on your computer or device. Adobe Flash Player allows Flash content embedded in web pages to create and read locally shared objects. Local Shared Objects are used to enhance your web-browsing experience. Local Shared Objects, by themselves, cannot access the data on your computer. Local Shared Objects will not be deleted when you clear cookies from your browser. Adobe Flash Player can help you manage or disable Local Shared Objects the same way you manage cookies in your browser.
Third-Party Disclaimer
This site has links to third-party sites which may also use cookies. This site may also include widgets or tools, such as the “Share this” button and links to third-party social media sites like LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter. Information from a third party may be embedded on this site, such as a map or information streaming from another site. These features may collect your IP address, the page where you visited on our site and may set a cookie to enable these features to function properly. These third parties, such as social media sites, may have access to your web-browsing history on the pages where these widgets, tools or embedded information are placed on this site. EMC is not responsible for how cookies are used by these third-party sites or for how they collect, use, secure or disclose the information that you provide to them. The user should reference the privacy policies of these sites for their usage of cookies and usage of your information. For the policies of social media sites and to control the data you share with them, the user should consult the documentation and privacy policies of those social media sites.
Geolocation
EMC may use the geolocation feature of your mobile device to tailor our mobile site functionality to your location, such as when using the Find an Agent service. You can prevent the usage of your geolocation by managing your geolocation settings and permissions in your device settings.
Do Not Track
Currently, we do not support the necessary technology to respond to Web browser “do not track” signals or other, comparable mechanisms. We do not collect or track nonpublic, personally identifiable information about a user’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services for targeted advertising or any other purpose. We only use cookies and similar technologies to track non-personally identifiable technical data related to your browsing behavior on this site as stated in the Cookies and Other Technologies section of this policy.
Third-Party Behavioral Tracking
We do not give permission to third parties engaging in online behavioral tracking to collect nonpublic, personally identifiable information about users’ online activities from this site.
Internet Privacy Notice Changes
From time to time, EMC may make changes to this notice. Visitors should revisit this notice periodically to learn of any change in our Internet privacy policy. The date of the most recent update is located at the top of this privacy policy.
Your continued use of this site after enhancements are made will be considered acceptance of those changes. We may terminate or suspend any function of this site. We may also impose limits on some functions or restrict access to any part of the site without notice or liability.
Your Personal Information
Access to Personal Information: We make every effort to keep our records accurate. We will make appropriate changes when you notify us. If you want to view, update or delete the information we have about you in our database, follow the instructions in the notices below on how to contact us to request your personal information. We will follow procedures to verify your identity before providing this information to further protect your privacy.
For more information on how your nonpublic, personally identifiable information is collected, used or disclosed, refer to the following notices:  (Select the following links to view the notices in PDF format.)
Personal Lines Privacy Notice (Revised January 2018)
Personal Lines Privacy Notice (Revised 2017)
Workers’ Compensation and Group Benefits Privacy Notice (Revised January 2018)
Workers’ Compensation and Group Benefits Privacy Notice (Revised 2017)
Additional State Privacy Rights
For California Residents
Select the following link to view the EMC notice regarding:
California Consumer Privacy Act
For New Mexico Residents
Select the following link to view the EMC notice regarding:
New Mexico Domestic Abuse Insurance Protection Act
For New York Residents
Select the following link to view the EMC notice regarding:
Domestic Violence Notice Pursuant to New York Insurance Law Section 2612
Children’s Privacy
EMC does not direct products or services towards children under the age of 13. EMC does not intend to collect any information from children and requests no nonpublic, personally identifiable information be provided to us from children.
Email List Privacy (CAN-SPAM Act)
All subscriber lists for bulk emails, such as EMC’s online newsletter, are opt-in only. By voluntarily entering contact information, such as email address, phone number or physical address, on this site, you agree that EMC may communicate with you regarding the products and services we provide.
EMC does not sell, rent or share email addresses with any other third parties without your permission. We do not link email addresses to any other databases.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from that bulk email list, or you can contact the privacy coordinator listed in the How to Contact Us section below regarding the removal of your personal contact information from our database.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy notice, you may complete and submit an electronic form, or contact us by using one of the methods listed below. Remember to include, to the extent applicable, your name, address and the last four digits of your policy or claim number.
EMC Insurance Companies
Mailing Address:
Privacy Coordinator
EMC Insurance Companies
P.O. Box 712
Des Moines, IA 50303-0712
Email: privacycoordinator@emcins.com
Toll-Free Phone: 800-447-2295
Electronic Form:
Policyholder Request Form
California Consumer Privacy Act Forms
* EMC Insurance Companies is the trade name used by the following affiliated insurance and insurance service companies of which Employers Mutual Casualty Company is the lead company:
Employers Mutual Casualty Company
EMC Insurance Group Inc.
EMC National Life Company
EMC Property & Casualty Company
EMC Reinsurance Company
EMC Risk Services, LLC
EMC Underwriters, LLC
EMCASCO Insurance Company
Dakota Fire Insurance Company
Illinois EMCASCO Insurance Company
Union Insurance Company of Providence
EMC National Life Marketing Services, LLC
Any reference to "EMC" or "affiliated insurance companies" in this privacy policy shall mean the above companies collectively except for EMC National Life Company and EMC National Life Marketing Services, LLC.
References
This policy addresses the requirements of the following regulations and standards:
FTC Online Privacy Principles-US Federal Trade Commission
COPPA Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
ISO 27002 15.1.4 Data Protection and Privacy of personal information
Health Care: HIPAA Privacy-Final Rule HITECH Act
Financial Services: GLBA Act, title V-Privacy
CAN-SPAM Act