https://www.super-temp.com/content/privacy
Home  About Us  Our Management Team  Products  Super-Grip  MIL-W-16878 SPECS  MIL-W-16878/4  MIL-W-16878/5  MIL-W-16878/6  MIL-W-16878/23  MIL-W-16878/25  MIL-W-16878/27  MIL-W-22759 SPECS  MIL-W-22759/9  MIL-W-22759/10  MIL-W-22759/11  MIL-W-22759/12  UL STYLE CSA AWM  UL STYLE 1213 CSA AWM  UL STYLE 1180 CSA AWM  UL STYLE 1199 CSA AWM  UL STYLE 1659 CSA AWM  UL STYLE 1815 CSA AWM  ELECTRONIC CABLES - FEP JACKETS  ELECTRONIC CABLES - PTFE JACKETS  M27500 ELECTRONIC CABLES - FEP  M27500 ELECTRONIC CABLES - PTFE  Markets  Capabilities  Contact Us
Home
>  Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Information Collection and Use Information Collection Super-Temp is the sole owner of the information collected on www.super-temp.com. Super-Temp collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site including email address, name, surname and address. Information Use This information will be used to help Super-Temp streamline our marketing and customer service efforts. It will also be used to communicate with the consumer in the manner in which they have requested. Profile We store information that we collect to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their purchasing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. We do not share your profile with other third parties.
Third Party Advertising Any ads that may appear on this Web site are delivered to users by businesses, our Web advertising partners. Information we may gather about users visit to this site, such as number of times they have viewed an ad (but not user name, address, email address or other personal information), may be used to serve ads to users on this site.
Log Files Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Communications from the Site Special Offers and Updates Our Web site: www.super-temp.com may contain pages where you can sign up for E-newsletters or other informational pieces. You will only receive information via email address on the topics which you have chosen from Super-Temp. Sharing Legal Disclaimer Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site. Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable) We do not share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. Throughout the year, we generate reports for our management team to support our Marketing Plan and other marketing efforts. The information shared in these reports is not linked to any personally identifiable information and will not be released to any third-party partners or advertisers. Third Party Intermediaries We may use an outside marketing company for marketing strategy and outside fulfillment houses to complete our direct mail. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. Business Transitions In the event Super-Temp goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, user's personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via email and prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the users’ personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given a choice consistent with our notification of changes section. Choice/Opt-out Our users are given the opportunity to "opt-out" of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by emailing us at Email Address. We also offer an opt-out mechanism on the bottom of our emails and newsletters or the user may contact us at 802-655-2613 or Super-Temp, 133 Elm St, PO Box 277 Winooski, VT05404 attention: e-Marketing Manager. Links This Web site may contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Super-Temp is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site and improve our marketing and customer service efforts. Users’ personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users’ personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Referral If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. Super-Temp will automatically send the friend an email. Super-Temp does store this information for the sole purpose of tracking the success of our referral program. The friend may contact Super-Temp at www.super-temp.com to request they be added to or removed from our database. Security This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line. Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information. This can usually be done by emailing Customer Support at Email Address. Or, contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. Notification of Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: Phone – 802-655-2613 Email - jplace@super-temp.com Postal Address - 133 Elm St., PO Box 277, Winooski, VT 05404
Web site URL- www.super-temp.com
104 Bowdoin Street, South Burlington, VT 05403 Call (802) 655-4211 • Fax (802) 655-2613
Powered by Catamount Marketing Copyright © 2020 All Rights Reserved
Save
104 Bowdoin Street, South Burlington, VT 05403 Call (802) 655-4211 • Fax (802) 655-2613
Powered by Catamount Marketing Copyright © 2020 All Rights Reserved
Save
Home
About Us
Our Management Team
Products
Super-Grip
MIL-W-16878 SPECS
MIL-W-16878/4
MIL-W-16878/5
MIL-W-16878/6
MIL-W-16878/23
MIL-W-16878/25
MIL-W-16878/27
MIL-W-22759 SPECS
MIL-W-22759/9
MIL-W-22759/10
MIL-W-22759/11
MIL-W-22759/12
UL STYLE CSA AWM
UL STYLE 1213 CSA AWM
UL STYLE 1180 CSA AWM
UL STYLE 1199 CSA AWM
UL STYLE 1659 CSA AWM
UL STYLE 1815 CSA AWM
ELECTRONIC CABLES - FEP JACKETS
ELECTRONIC CABLES - PTFE JACKETS
M27500 ELECTRONIC CABLES - FEP
M27500 ELECTRONIC CABLES - PTFE
Sitemap
Markets
Capabilities
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions