http://www.whkemp.co.uk/privacy
skip to Main Content
CALL US ON
+44 (0) 1373 823 322
info@whkemp.co.uk
TwitterLinkedInYoutube
Privacy & Cookies
Quality Comes first99.9% Right First Time
WH Kemp delivers sector leading quality stats. First time, every time.
Competitively Priced100% Committed to Value
WH Kemp offers competitive pricing for in-house, UK made assemblies
Delivered on Time98% Delivered on Time
WH Kemp meets your deadlines without compromise
WH KEMP IS COMMITTED TO
PROTECTING AND RESPECTING YOUR PRIVACY
This policy, together with our terms and conditions sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. We keep certain basic information when you visit our website and recognise the importance of keeping that information secure and letting you know what we will do with it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is W H Kemp (Electrics) Limited Cory Way, West Wilts Trading Estate, Westbury, Wiltshire, BA13 4QT (Company Number 00895665). This policy only applies to our site. If you leave our site via a link or otherwise, you will be subject to the policy of that website provider. We have no control over that policy or the terms of the website and you should check their policy before continuing to access the site.
YOUR PERSONAL DATA
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
Personal Data provided when completing a contact form on our website
Information that you may provide by filling in web forms on https://www.whkemp.co.uk
‘Get in touch’ web form at:
https://www.whkemp.co.uk/contact/get-in-touch
Our ‘Get in Touch’ web form requires users to agree to the terms outlined in this Privacy Policy before a successful submission.
Our ‘Get in Touch’ web form does not store any of your personal data/information on our website/webserver.
Our ‘Get in Touch’ web form automatically emails our administration team with your enquiry / message directly.
This web form does not transmit or record your IP address information.
For additional security, all information submitted via our website is done so using 256bit SSL encryption ( Green Padlock ).
‘May We Quote’ web form at:
https://www.whkemp.co.uk/contact/quotations
Our May We Quote’ web form requires users to agree to the terms outlined in this Privacy Policy before a successful submission.
Our May We Quote’ does store the personal information you submit on our website / webserver.
This information is stored only for the duration of time needed to complete your quotation request, then it is permanently deleted from our website/ webserver backend.
This web form does not transmit or record your IP address information.
For additional security, all information submitted via our website is done so using 256bit SSL encryption ( Green Padlock ).
GDPR & the ‘right to be forgotten’
As our ‘May We Quote’ web form does not create a user account. There is no process that allows users to delete this information directly.
If you would like to request we delete this data on your behalf, please contact our DPO directly at info@whkemp.co.uk or call us on +44 (0) 1373 823 322.
WH Kemp, Email Marketing and your Personal Data
We provide the facility to sign up to our mailing list. This is carried out in accordance with GDPR rulings of 2018. We use a secure email aggregation service ( MailChimp ) for the purpose of doing this. Please note that subscribing to our mailing list via MailChimp falls under their Privacy Policy which can be viewed here.
We offer double opt-in at submission and provide the facility for users to unsubscribe at any time with ease.
We do not share your personal information with any other company for marketing or advertising purposes. Submission to our mailing list is strictly for the intended use of WH Kemp and for providing our subscribers with useful, relevant and helpful information on our services and products.
Other ways we may process your Personal Data
We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our website.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence temporarily offline in order to help us complete your enquiry efficiently and effectively.
Google Analytics, Tracking Codes and your Personal Data
We use Google Analytics to provide anonymised details of our users’ visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, blogs, operating system, browser usage and other communication data may be collected by our Google Analytics account.
This data does not contain any personal information about our users including IP addresses.
To find out more about how Google Analytics deals with Personal Data, please view their privacy policy here.
Where we store your Personal Data
The data that we collect from you via our third party Newsletter subscription facility ( Mail Chimp ) may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
All information you provide to us for this purpose is stored on our third party Newsletter subscription facility secure servers and NOT on our web servers.
Although we invoke class leading 256bit SSL encryption thought our website, the transmission of information via the internet is not always completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
If we are under a duty to share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligations. This includes exchanging information with other companies, government bodies and organisations for the purposes of fraud investigation and other criminal investigations.
WEBSITE SECURITY
whkemp.co.uk uses 256 bit class leading SSL encryption across our whole website.
Additionally, our web server use a Firewall which reduces the chances of system and brute force hacking breaches.
Strong 22 character passwords are used for securing all administration areas of our website / webserver and these passwords are updated and renewed on a monthly basis by our website administrator.
Website Data Breaches
In the event our administrators are informed of a data breach, we will take immediate action to secure our website then contact all affected users, informing them of what action we’ve taken to secure their information and if there is any additional action we suggest they undertake on their own.
IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
Via Google Analytics, we may collect information about your computer, including approximate geographic location, operating system and browser type for search engine optimisation purposes. This is anonymised statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and is not able to identify any individual and/or collect personal information.
Via Google Analytics, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern
To store information about your preferences and so allow us
To customise our site according to your individual interests
To speed up page loading times for our users
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
YOUR RIGHTS
We will not provide any of your data, either submitted via our web forms, newsletter subscription submissions and/or shop purchases to third parties for marketing purposes.
Furthermore, we will not store or use your data for our own internal marketing purposes unless you have expressly given us permission – such as subscribing to our own newsletter, agreeing to our Privacy Notice and completing the ‘Double Opt-in’ stage at submission.
Note that our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data whilst on these websites.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION (FOIA)
The UK Freedom of Information Act (2000) gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Please contact our DPO directly at info@whkemp.co.uk or call us on +44 (0) 1373 823 322.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. However, we advise that you check this page regularly to keep up to date with any necessary changes.
Privacy Policy | https://www.whkemp.co.uk/privacy | Updated 15-05-2018
CONTACT
If you have any questions, comments or requests regarding this privacy policy, please contact us via our contact us page.
Get access to our cable assembly & wiring harness specialists today.
Contact Us
Copyright © WH Kemp (Electrics) Limited 2020 - All Rights Reserved
Designed & Developed by guy.digital
Back To Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.