http://www.steveskoll.com/privacy-policy
COMEDIANS
ELEVATOR
GAMERS
CONTACT
ABOUT
INFO
privacy policy
site map
terms of use
Instagram
Facebook
Privacy PolicyI value your interest in my work and the time you spend on my website. In my online communications I am committed to informing you of my privacy policy.WHO WE AREOur website address is: https://www.steveskoll.comWHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND WHY WE COLLECT ITSteveSkoll.com does not collect any personal data. The data we do collect is known as a log file. Log files do not identify individual users.LOG FILESAs is true of most websites, this site gathers certain information and stores it in what is known as a log file. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, screen resolution, operating system, and date/time stamp. This information, which does not identify individual users, is used to better understand how visitors use my site.EMBEDDED CONTENT FROM OTHER SITESAny articles that may appear on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the website providing the embedded content. The websites providing the embedded content may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.COOKIESA cookie is an identifier that helps me understand how visitors navigate my site. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can usually change your browser preferences to prevent or notify you whenever you are sent a cookie. This gives you the chance to decide whether or not to accept the cookie. The cookie itself does not identify you, your email address or reveal any personal information. The cookie is simply used to understand how people interact with this site. There is no personal data collected by the cookie.
Using Format