http://www.optimal-technologies.com/terms
Privacy Policy & Terms and Conditions
Who we are
Our website address is: https://optimal-technologies.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with and how long we retain it
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
GDPR
Introduction
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) came into force across the European Union on 25th May 2018 and brings with it the most significant changes to data protection law in two decades. Based on privacy by design and taking a risk-based approach, the GDPR has been designed to meet the requirements of the digital age.
The 21st
Century brings with it broader use of technology, new definitions of what
constitutes personal data, and a vast increase in cross-border processing. The
new Regulation aims to standardise data protection laws and processing across
the EU; affording individuals stronger, more consistent rights to access and
control their personal information.
Our Commitment
Optimal Technologies are committed
to ensuring the security and protection of the personal information that we
process, and to provide a compliant and consistent approach to data protection.
We have always had a robust and effective data protection program in place which
complies with existing law and abides by the data protection principles.
However, we recognise our obligations in updating and expanding this program to
meet the demands of the GDPR and the [UK’s
Data Protection Bill].
Optimal Technologies are dedicated
to safeguarding the personal information under our remit and in developing a
data protection regime that is effective, fit for purpose and demonstrates an
understanding of, and appreciation for the new Regulation. Our preparation and
objectives for GDPR compliance have been summarised in this statement and
include the development and implementation of new data protection roles, policies,
procedures, controls and measures to ensure maximum and ongoing compliance.
How We are Preparing for the GDPR
Information Audit – carrying out a
company-wide information audit to identify and assess what personal information
we hold, where it comes from, how and why it is processed and if and to whom it
is disclosed.Policies & Procedures – [revising/implementing new] data protection
policies and procedures to meet the requirements and standards of the GDPR and
any relevant data protection laws, including: –Data Protection – our main policy
and procedure document for data protection has been overhauled to meet the
standards and requirements of the GDPR. Accountability and governance measures
are in place to ensure that we understand and adequately disseminate and
evidence our obligations and responsibilities; with a dedicated focus on
privacy by design and the rights of individuals.Data Retention & Erasure – we have updated
our retention policy and schedule to ensure that we meet the ‘data minimisation’ and ‘storage limitation’ principles and that
personal information is stored, archived and destroyed compliantly and
ethically. We have dedicated erasure procedures in place to meet the new ‘Right to Erasure’ obligation and are
aware of when this and other data subject’s rights apply; along with any
exemptions, response timeframes and notification responsibilities.Data Breaches – our breach
procedures ensure that we have safeguards and measures in place to identify,
assess, investigate and report any personal data breach at the earliest possible
time. Our procedures are robust and have been disseminated to all employees, making
them aware of the reporting lines and steps to follow. International Data Transfers & Third-Party
Disclosures – where Optimal
Technologies stores or transfers personal information outside the EU, we
have robust procedures and safeguarding measures in place to secure, encrypt
and maintain the integrity of the data. Our procedures include a continual
review of the countries with sufficient adequacy decisions, as well as
provisions for binding corporate rules; standard data protection clauses or
approved codes of conduct for those countries without. We carry out strict due
diligence checks with all recipients of personal data to assess and verify that
they have appropriate safeguards in place to protect the information, ensure
enforceable data subject rights and have effective legal remedies for data
subjects where applicable.Subject Access Request (SAR) – we have revised
our SAR procedures to accommodate the revised 30-day timeframe for providing
the requested information and for making this provision free of charge. Our new
procedures detail how to verify the data subject, what steps to take for
processing an access request, what exemptions apply and a suite of response
templates to ensure that communications with data subjects are compliant,
consistent and adequate.Legal Basis for Processing – we are reviewing
all processing activities to identify the legal basis for processing and
ensuring that each basis is appropriate for the activity it relates to. Where
applicable, we also maintain records of our processing activities, ensuring
that our obligations under Article 30 of the GDPR and Schedule 1 of the Data
Protection Bill are met.Privacy Notice/Policy – we have revised our Privacy Notice(s) to
comply with the GDPR, ensuring that all individuals whose personal information
we process have been informed of why we need it, how it is used, what their
rights are, who the information is disclosed to and what safeguarding measures
are in place to protect their information.Obtaining Consent – we have revised our consent mechanisms for
obtaining personal data, ensuring that individuals understand what they are
providing, why and how we use it and giving clear, defined ways to consent to
us processing their information. We have developed stringent processes for recording
consent, making sure that we can evidence an affirmative opt-in, along with
time and date records; and an easy to see and access way to withdraw consent at
any time.Direct Marketing – we [have revised/are revising] the wording
and processes for direct marketing, including clear opt-in mechanisms for
marketing subscriptions; a clear notice and method for opting out and providing
unsubscribe features on all subsequent marketing materials.Data Protection Impact Assessments (DPIA) – where we process
personal information that is considered high risk, involves large scale
processing or includes special category/criminal conviction data; we have
developed stringent procedures and assessment templates for carrying out impact
assessments that comply fully with the GDPR’s Article 35 requirements. We have
implemented documentation processes that record each assessment, allow us to rate
the risk posed by the processing activity and implement mitigating measures to
reduce the risk posed to the data subject(s).Processor Agreements – where we use any
third-party to process personal information on our behalf (i.e. Payroll, Recruitment, Hosting etc), we have drafted compliant
Processor Agreements and due diligence procedures for ensuring that they (as well as we), meet and understand their/our
GDPR obligations. These measures include initial and ongoing reviews of the
service provided, the necessity of the processing activity, the technical and
organisational measures in place and compliance with the GDPR.Special Categories Data – where we obtain and process any special category
information, we do so in complete compliance with the Article 9 requirements
and have high-level encryptions and protections on all such data. Special
category data is only processed where necessary and is only processed where we
have first identified the appropriate Article 9(2) basis or the Data Protection
Bill Schedule 1 condition. Where we rely on consent for processing, this is
explicit and is verified by a signature, with the right to modify or remove
consent being clearly signposted.
Data Subject Rights
In addition to the policies and procedures mentioned above that ensure individuals can enforce their data protection rights, we provide easy to access information via our website, in the office, during induction etc of an individual’s right to access any personal information that Optimal Technologies processes about them and to request information about: –
What personal data we hold about themThe purposes of the processingThe categories of personal data concernedThe recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosedHow long we intend to store your personal data forIf we did not collect the data directly from them, information about the sourceThe right to have incomplete or inaccurate data about them corrected or completed and the process for requesting thisThe right to request erasement of personal data (where applicable) or to restrict processing in accordance with data protection laws, as well as to object to any direct marketing from us and to be informed about any automated decision-making that we useThe right to lodge a complaint or seek judicial remedy and who to contact in such instances
Information Security & Technical and
Organisational Measures
Optimal
Technologies takes the privacy and security of individuals and
their personal information very seriously and take every reasonable measure and
precaution to protect and secure the personal data that we process. We have robust
information security policies and procedures in place to protect personal information
from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have
several layers of security measures, including: –
SSL, access controls, password policy, encryptions, pseudonymisation, practices, restriction, IT, authentication.
GDPR- Employee’s policy statement available upon request
Modern Slavery Act 2015 -Modern slavery and human trafficking statement
Modern slavery is a crime and a violation of fundamental human rights. It takes various forms, such as slavery, servitude, forced and compulsory labour, and human trafficking, all of which have in common the deprivation of a person’s liberty by another in order to exploit them for personal or commercial gain.
We are committed to improving our
practices to combat slavery and human trafficking.
This
statement is made pursuant to section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and
constitutes our slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year
ending 2019
Our policies on slavery and human trafficking
We are committed to ensuring that there is
no modern slavery or human trafficking in our supply chains or in any part of
our business.
In light of the obligation to report on measures to ensure that all parts of our business and supply chain are slavery-free we have put in place a designated Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Policy and we will review within a period of every 6 months our workplace policies and procedures to assess their effectiveness in identifying and tackling modern slavery issues.
Our Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking
Policy and our workplace policies and procedures demonstrate our commitment to
acting ethically and with integrity in all our business relationships and to
implementing and enforcing effective systems and controls to ensure slavery and
human trafficking is not taking place anywhere in our supply chains.
Due diligence processes for slavery and human trafficking
As part of our initiative to identify and
mitigate risk we
We have in place systems to:
Supplier adherence to our values
We have zero tolerance to slavery and human trafficking.
To ensure all those in our supply chain and contractors comply with our values we have in place a supply chain compliance programme.
We have a dedicated compliance personnel, which consists of representatives OR involvement from the following departments:
Finance, Human Resources, Operations and Sales
The compliance team is led by Mr. Dean Thompson, in conjunction with senior members of our management team
Training
To ensure a high level of understanding of the risks of modern slavery and human trafficking in our supply chains and our business, We intend to provide training to our staff. We also require or will require our business partners to provide training to their staff and suppliers and providers.
Our effectiveness in combating slavery and human
trafficking
We have appointed an independent third
party to conduct an externally facilitated review to bring insights on ways to
we can tackle slavery and human trafficking.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.