http://www.clotheyourspirit.com/privacy-policy/
Services
Color Analysis
Small Group Sessions
Custom Makeup Session
Personal Styling
Photography
Digital Consultation
Testimonials
Cosmetics
Lipsticks
About Lipstick
Cream Blush
Face Powder
Lip Pencils
Shop All
Makeovers
Raves
Books
Quotes
Mermaids – Coming Soon
Blog
Gallery
California Spring
California Summer
California Autumn
California Winter
Hawaii Ocean Views
Hawaii Mountain Views
High Sierras
Shop
Virtual Classes
Is it secure to order from this site?
Yes. Our shopping cart processes all the information by using the latest security technology: RSA-signed using 2048-bit RSA keys.
Do you keep my personal information?
Yes, your personal information is securely stored in our Ecommerce database with the same RSA-signed 2048-bit encryption. You have the option to make this information available for future orders when logging in, so that you do not have to type it again when you come back and shop from us.
Do you sell or trade any of my information?
Absolutely not: We do not sell, trade, or share any of your information with anyone under any circumstances.
What Information We Gather or Track
Information on general usage and any optional personal details you provide to us will be used to provide you with enhanced features. The following are details of the information we collect:
Clothe Your Spirit collects data so that we may display personalized content to our visitors. Additionally, usage information may be analyzed so that we can judge our system’s performance or execute your customized features.
We may collect information from customers and visitors to our web site. This information allows us to process orders from customers by collecting their First Name, Last Name, eMail, Password, Credit Card Number, Expiration Date, Billing Address and Shipping Address. Other information such as Date, Time and IP address is also collected.
Your browser offers so-called “cookies” which, if you allow their use, store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to any of our sites. Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best. Cookies can enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. However, cookies tell us nothing about you personally unless you specifically give us the requested additional information.
What We Do with Collected Information
Clothe Your Spirit may send a newsletter to our Users. If you would like to stop receiving the newsletters you may unsubscribe by removing your account.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
Clothe Your Spirit does not sell or commercially make available specific information about its Users or Users other than in aggregate form, except in cooperation with law enforcement bodies in regards to content violations or violations of applicable laws.
Our Security Measures
Clothe Your Spirit uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to encrypt payment information and User data against unauthorized access. However, we cannot be responsible for how third parties, whose links appear on our site, use your information. You should know that no data transmission is one hundred percent guaranteed against eavesdropping. Because your account is ultimately protected by you and your password, much of your information security is up to you.
Clothe Your Spirit has implemented additional precautions to ensure the privacy of your personal information. We have a strict firewall in place which does not allow any outside access. Access in the company is limited to only individuals who need to be able to see customer data in order to perform their job functions, such as the billing department. Important personal data is backed up on the network to help insure its integrity.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Clothe Your Spirit’s prior written consent.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: beauty@growingmorebeautiful.com
By Phone: 707.479.4027
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Last edited: March 25, 2016
Product Categories
Books
Cosmetics
Cream Blush
Custom
Face Powder
Lip Pencils
Lipsticks
Jewelry
View Cart
Contact Jennifer
beauty@growingmorebeautiful.com
Tel. 707.479.4027
FacebookInstagramPinterestYouTube
Stay in the Know
First Name Last Name E-Mail Address
About Jennifer …
Jennifer Robin is an image consultant, stylist, award winning author and visual artist. Owner of Clothe Your Spirit Image Consultant Service and creator of J.Robin Cosmetics, she is recognized as one of the top design and color innovators in the beauty industry. Her most recent book is Growing More Beautiful: An Artful Approach to Personal Style.
Read More...