http://www.vitecgroup.com/hygiene/privacy-and-cookies-policy/
Close
Capture.
Share.
Supports
Avenger
Gitzo
JOBY
Manfrotto
OConnor
Sachtler
Vinten
Camera accessories
Manfrotto
OConnor
Teradek
Teradek RT
Wooden Camera
Bags
Lowepro
Manfrotto
National Geographic*
Sachtler
Mobile power
Anton/Bauer
Video transmission systems
Teradek
Prompters
Autocue
Autoscript
Distribution, rental & services
Camera Corps
The Camera Store
Lighting & controls
Colorama
JOBY
Lastolite by Manfrotto
Litepanels
Manfrotto
Robotic camera systems
Camera Corps
Vinten
Monitors
SmallHD
Audio capture
JOBY
Rycote
Motion control
Syrp
*Manufactured under licence
Privacy and cookies policy
Privacy and cookies policy
Privacy and cookies policy
Terms & conditions
Accessibility
Sitemap
The Vitec Group plc privacy policy
The Vitec Group plc observes all applicant statutory data protection requirements and is aware of the fact that particularly sensitive handling of all personal data sent to The Vitec Group plc by the users is highly important to them. With this privacy policy, The Vitec Group plc would like to inform you about how we process your personal data.
Data Controller:  Who we are
The Vitec Group plc is the parent company of The Vitec Group which is an international provider of premium branded products and solutions to the “image capture and sharing” market.
The Vitec Group plc is the data controller for information you provide to The Vitec Group plc legal entity irrespective of where you live.
Information collected through The Vitec Group plc website
The Vitec Group plc does not capture and store any personal information about individuals who access its website, except where they voluntarily choose to give us their personal details via email, or via registering on the The Vitec Group plc website. In these latter cases, the personal information they give us is used exclusively by The Vitec Group plc for sending them regulatory news alerts relating to but not limited to the following: acquisitions and disposals, director shareholdings, acquisitions, announcements results, holding rights, voting rights, and other statutory notices.
We do not pass any of their personal data to outside organisations, including subsidiary companies, and/or individuals, except with their express consent.
The personal data collected by The Vitec Group plc is limited to email addresses and name.
The collection of personal data is carried out via Emperor. Emperor is an IT Consultancy firm which hosts and maintains The Vitec Group plc website. Emperor complies with the requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulations. Emperor operate under a formal written agreement with The Vitec Group plc that requires Emperor to safeguard your personal data collected and used on behalf of The Vitec Group plc. Emperor is a data processor on behalf of The Vitec Group plc.
The Vitec Group plc website is not directed at children and is not intended for collecting children’s data. If you believe that we have mistakenly or inadvertently collected such information via our website, please contact us via the address provided below, so that we can immediately delete this data from our servers.
Cookies
The Vitec Group plc website uses cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website which helps us to provide you with a good user experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
The cookies we use are ‘analytical’ cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they’re using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily. Read more about the individual analytical cookies we use and how to recognise them here.
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser and terminal equipment documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
The Vitec Group plc does not send cookies from this site without your express permission and only monitors the IP addresses of visitors to assess which pages are the most popular. These IP addresses are not linked to any personal data so that visitors to our site remain anonymous.
Employees
We will collect all personal information required to comply with employment legislation, including, where necessary, sensitive information. This may include medical information and where additionally appropriate we will perform a criminal record search. We hold all personal information securely. To prevent discrimination, and ensure diversity, we shall request information from the Data Subject on religion, sexuality and ethnicity.
CCTV
We operate CCTV at Vitec Group sites to prevent and detect crime and for the safety of all visitors. These cameras record footage in real-time and are operated and controlled by our own staff; monitoring and recording does not take place in any changing room and toilet areas.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time in compliance with applicable data protection legislation.  If we make significant changes, we will notify you of the changes through our websites or through others means, such as email. To the extent permitted under applicable law, by using our services after such notice, you consent to our updates to this policy.
We encourage you to periodically review this policy for the latest information on our privacy practices. We will also make prior versions of our privacy policies available for review.
Your rights
You have a right to know about the personal information The Vitec Group plc holds about you. You also have a right to have your data corrected or deleted. Please address all your requests and/or queries about our data protection policy to Jon Bolton at The Vitec Group plc at our registered office address:
Bridge HouseHeron SquareRichmondTW9 1EN
If you are still unhappy you may contact the following:
Information Commissioner's Office (for UK customers)
Wycliffe House Water Lane Wilmslow Cheshire, SK9 5AF
Helpline: 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or +44 1625 545 745
Cookies Policy
This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Read more about our cookie policy.
Accept cookies
Decline cookies