http://www.rockwellmed.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Company
Our Therapeutic Focus
Our Technology
Hemodialysis Concentrates
Investors
Privacy Policy
This Site is owned and operated by ROCKWELL MEDICAL, Inc., located in Wixom, Michigan, USA. Use of “we”, “us”, or “our”, refers to Rockwell Medical, Inc.). The information provided on this Site is for general informational and educational purposes only. Please read this Privacy Policy before using the Site or submitting Personal Information to us.
User Consent
ROCKWELL MEDICAL respects the privacy of the visitors to the Site. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of any Personal Information you submit to us through the Site. By submitting Personal Information through the Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy. BY VIEWING AND ACCESSING THE ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC., WWW.ROCKWELLMED.COM WEBSITE., YOU (“YOU” OR “YOUR”) REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THIS ENTIRE PRIVACY POLICY (“PRIVACY POLICY”) AND YOU AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN ITS ENTIRETY, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO IMMEDIATELY CEASE USE OF THE SITE.
ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. prioritizes your privacy, and we strive to keep your personal information confidential. By ensuring that you’re aware of and understand our Privacy Policy, we can provide you with better service. Please take a moment to read the following policy, so you can learn how we protect your personal information.
ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. complies with the requirements set in the Australia Privacy Act 1988 and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of this data (GDPR). This Privacy Policy applies to all email list subscribers, visitors of our Site and users of our services.
A Note about Children
ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. does not intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under 18 years old. At any time, any person (including the parent or guardian of such child whose information was provided to ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC.) aware of ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. having been provided personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 18 may contact us at info@Rockwellmed.com.
A Note to Users Outside of the United States
This Site is not intended for use by individuals who are not residents of the United States. Your Personal Information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. We adhere to the United States / European Union Data Protection Safe Harbor Arrangement, which can be located at http://www.export.gov/safeharbor. By providing information to us, you acknowledge that we operate in the United States and agree to (i) permit us to transmit and use your Personal Information anywhere necessary, including across international boundaries, to affect the services and transactions provided by ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC., and (ii) that such use by us shall be subject to the terms and conditions stated in this Privacy Policy.
Types of Data We Collect
We collect Personal Information and Anonymous Data from you when you visit our site and when you send us information or communications. “Personal Information” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data such as your gender and nationality. “Anonymous Data” means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information; Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Information and Anonymous Data, as described below.
Personal Information You Provide to Us
We collect Personal Information from you, such as first and last name, e-mail and mailing addresses, telephone number, as well as country when you sign up for certain newsletters, updates or request certain information from us. This is information that you choose to provide to us. You are not required to provide such Personal Information to us, but if you do not, we may not send you certain information.
Personal Information Collected via Technology
To make our Site more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect Personal Information from you, including browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit. ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. also uses customized software, which may include software that passively collects certain Anonymous Data about your visits to the Site, such as your IP address, the browser version your computer is operating and the time of day you access the Site. We also may use Cookies (as defined below) and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and which you viewed. Like most Internet services, we automatically gather this Personal Information and store it in log files each time you visit our website or access your account on our network. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a web site. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our website. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas of our website may not work properly. ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. reserves the right to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute Anonymous Data for any purpose.
Use of Your Data
General Use. In general, Personal Information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. You may elect to provide, and we may elect to gather, Personal Information through the Site so that we may send you additional information about ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC., such as medical information about a disease state or ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. products, or ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. investor information. We use the Personal Information you submit to us to respond to your requests for information, such as medical information about a disease state or ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. products, information about ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. corporate activities, or ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. investor information. Visitors to our Site will always have the right to opt out of receiving such information at any time (an “Opt Out Request”) by contacting us at the phone number, mailing address or email provided on this website. After you send us an Opt Out Request, you will no longer receive communications from us, allowing a reasonable period of time for us to update our systems.Creation of Anonymous Data. We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Site and services and improve site navigation. We reserve the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data to Third Party Companies in its discretion.
Feedback. If you provide feedback on any of our products or related services to us, we may use such feedback for any purpose, provided we will not associate such feedback with your Personal Information. We will collect any information contained in such communication and will treat the Personal Information in such communication in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Affiliates. Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires us or our assets, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Other Disclosures. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Information (as described below), We may disclose Personal Information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or search warrants served on Company; or (b) protect or defend the rights or property of Company or users of the products or related services.
Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers. Except as otherwise stated in this policy, we do not generally sell, trade, share, or rent the Personal Information collected from our services to other entities. However, we may share your Personal Information with third party service providers to respond to your inquiries and to send you information about our products. These third party service providers are required not to use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by us. . You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Information with our contractors and other service providers for the sole purpose of providing services to you.
Other Disclosures. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Information (as described below), We may disclose Personal Information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or search warrants served on Company; or (b) protect or defend the rights or property of Company or users of the products or related services.
Disclosure to Third Party Companies. We may enter into agreements with Third Party Companies. A Third Party Company may want access to Personal Information that we collect. As a result, we may disclose your Personal Information to a Third Party Company; however, we will not disclose your Personal Information to Third Party Companies for the Third Party Companies’ own direct marketing purposes, unless you have “opted-in” by following the instructions we provide to allow such disclosure. If you have opted-in to receive e-mail communications from a Third Party Company and later wish to discontinue receipt of these e-mails, please contact the Third Party Company directly to update your preferences. The privacy policies of our Third Party Companies may apply to the use and disclosure of your Personal Information that we collect and disclose to such Third Party Companies. Because we do not control the privacy practices of our Third Party Companies, you should read and understand their privacy policies.
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information. We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our site or the purchase of our products or services and may contain advertisements for Third Party Companies. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we may share your e-mail address with third parties to ensure that you do not receive further communications from third parties. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notice of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
Changes to Personal Information
You can access, update and/or delete your Personal Information by contacting us at the phone number, mailing address or email provided on this website. However, even if you delete or change your Personal Information, it may still be stored on other databases, including those kept for archival purposes. Should you elect to delete your Personal Information, it cannot be used by us or disclosed to third parties in the future unless required by law. Please also note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).
Security of Your Personal Information
We use commercially reasonable efforts to protect the security of your Personal Information by employing industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Only a restricted number of ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. employees may access the Personal Information we collect. ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. does not disclose email addresses or any other Personal Information to third parties unless required by law or regulation. Even though we have taken steps to protect your Personal Information from being intercepted, accessed, used, or disclosed by unauthorized persons, we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.
Personal and/or Anonymous Data Collected by Third Parties
The Site contains links to other websites and their affiliates. ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any other “linked” or “affiliated” sites which you might access through our Site. You should read their privacy policies and terms of use carefully before providing them with Personal Information. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, another entity may collect Personal Information or Anonymous Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites. We may also receive Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you from other sources like telephone or fax, or from companies that provide our products or services by way of a co-branded or private-labeled website or companies that offer their products and/or services on our website (“Third Party Companies”). We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our website in order to improve the products and services we provide.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our website. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our website, products or related services. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. Continued use of our website, products, or related services, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
This Privacy Policy was last revised on August 20 2018. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact ROCKWELL MEDICAL, INC. at info@rockwellmed.com.
Have any questions?
Phone 800-449-3353
custserv@rockwellmed.com