http://www.iamat.org/privacy-policy
To give you the best possible experience, this site uses cookies. If you continue browsing, you accept our use of cookies.
You can review our privacy policy to find out more about the cookies we use.
LOGIN
CONTACT
DONATE
SCHOLARSHIPS
SUPPORT A SCHOLAR
About Scholarships
Give to Scholarships
BECOME A SCHOLAR
Apply to Scholarships
Robert & Haru Fisher Scholarship
Violet Williams Scholarship
Stella & George Bryant Scholarship
LECTURESHIPS
Lectureship Grants
TRAVEL HEALTH RESOURCES
COUNTRY RESOURCES
Information by Country
Locate Doctors & Clinics
General Resources
All Resources, Guides & Charts
Insect Bite Prevention
Food & Water Safety
Travel and Mental Health
Travel Health Insurance
Travelling with Medications
DONATE
Privacy Policy
Photo By: Steven Schwartzberg
Our Commitment to Privacy
At IAMAT, your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust and confidence is one of our highest priorities. We make every effort to ensure that your privacy is protected.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. It outlines the information we collect about you and about your use of IAMAT's website. It also explains the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information.The information we collect
Personal information
If you choose to become an IAMAT member, renew your donation, donate, purchase cart items and / or gift memberships, ask us a question through your member profile page, or contact us through our website, you will be required to submit personal information that we can use to identify or contact you. Personal information collected includes your name, address, telephone number, and email address. This information is recorded and stored in our databases which are password protected and only accessible by authorized IAMAT employees.Credit card information
We do not temporarily hold or store your credit card information in our databases when you donate or purchase a cart item from our website. We use a reputable 3rd party credit card processor which certifies that we are compliant with all their identity and security requirements. We also use the latest SSL connections (Secure Socket Layer) technology to transmit your credit card information from our website to our 3rd party processor.Non-personal informationTo provide you with a fully functional experience on our website, including access to our Medical Directory, we also collect anonymous, non-personal information through Google Analytics that cannot identify you or allow us to contact you. This information is collected by cookies set on your internet browser and is analysed by authorized IAMAT employees only. We also use Google Analytics to help us improve the website's content. See the Google Analytics Privacy Policy for more information. How we use your information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to outside parties. Your personal information may be transferred to government authorities when required by law.The information we collect from you is used to:
Administer your IAMAT membership Process your donation or cart item purchase Provide you with access to particular online tools and services, including our Medical Directory Respond to your inquiries Obtain your feedback on our site and our services Send you personalized emails and eNewsletters pertaining to travel health, including news, announcements, reminders, and opportunities Statistically measure and analyse user behaviour and activity Improve your IAMAT online experience and customize it according to your needs and interestseNewsletters and emails
When you register or renew your IAMAT membership, you will be given the option of receiving recurring informational materials such as eNewsletters and emails related to travel health. We use a 3rd party email service (MailChimp) to create and send these emails. At any time you can choose to opt out of receiving these materials by following the directions included at the bottom of the eNewsletter or email, or by
contacting us. See contact information below.Blog and social media channelsOur Blog and social media channels (Twitter, Facebook, Instagram,
LinkedIn, Flickr) are intended to provide the most current travel health
advice, the latest developments in travel medicine, and a forum for
travellers and health providers to comment and ask questions relating to
travel health matters. 	The health information provided on www.iamat.org/blog is meant to complement, not substitute, the advice of your healthcare provider. 	Our Editorial Policy outlines additional information on our Blog and social media channels.Any information you share on IAMAT’s blog or social media channels is public, not private. Please consider carefully before posting any personal information on these platforms. What you post, can be seen, disclosed, or collected by 3rd parties and may be used by others in ways that we cannot predict, including 3rd party search engines.
If you mistakenly post personal information on our Blog, or any other IAMAT online public forums, and would like to be removed,
contact us to request that it be removed. Please note that we cannot guarantee that your information will be removed from 3rd party sites.Security
We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. When you enter personal information, we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections (Secure Socket Layer) technology.
We retain your personal information to provide you with membership and travel health services. At any time you can instruct us to remove your personal information. We also retain your personal information as necessary to comply with legal obligations and resolve disputes.
How we use cookies
We use cookies to keep track of authenticated sessions. This allows our website to remember your preferences every time you login using your membership number and zip / postal code.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We also use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to users' needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.Links to other websites
Our website contains links to enable you to visit other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, we do not have any control over other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide when visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Children's privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as users. Our website's content and services are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please
contact us.Controlling your personal information
By using our website, you consent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not want your personal information used by IAMAT as outlined in this Privacy Policy, you should not register as a member, use our online forms, or otherwise use the login services found on our website.
You can correct, update, delete, or review the personal information you have previously submitted to IAMAT by
contacting us. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. If you wish to delete your personal information, we will delete it from our active databases and where feasible, from our back-up media.
You can contact us in the following ways:
Email:
info@iamat.org
Phone: 416 652 0137 (Canada) or 716 754 4883 (U.S.A.)
Mail:
IAMAT
Attn: Privacy Coordinator
67 Mowat Street, Suite 036
Toronto, ON M6K 3E3
CANADA
or
IAMAT
Attn: Privacy Coordinator
1623 Military Road, #279
Niagara Falls, NY 14304-1745
U.S.A.Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective upon being posted unless otherwise noted. If we make any changes to this policy, we will notify you by email and / or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. Please check this page periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices.
©Copyright (IAMAT) International Association for Medical Assistance to Travellers
Last reviewed and updated: July 2, 2020
Travel Health Journal
ALL BLOG POSTS
Is it COVID-19 or the flu? Why you should get vaccinated.
October 26, 2020
Returning to travel responsibly: World Tourism Day
September 27, 2020
“The search for the human”: 60 years of supporting health and building understanding
August 20, 2020
When you have reached the point where you no longer expect a response,
you will at last be able to give in such a way that the other is able to receive
and be grateful.
- Dag Hammarskjöld
COUNTRY HEALTH ADVICE
RESOURCES, GUIDES & CHARTS
HEALTHY TRAVEL FOR SENIORS
THE OLDER TRAVELLER
FIGHT THE FAKES
BLOG
SCHOLARSHIPS
GIVE TO SCHOLARSHIPS
APPLY FOR A SCHOLARSHIP
LECTURESHIP GRANTS
DONATE
ABOUT
FAQS
FINANCIALS
LEGACY GIVING
USEFUL LINKS
MEDIA
CONTACT
DONATE TO IAMAT
Canadian Charitable Registration: 11892 9231 RR0001
USA 501(c)(3) non-profit. E.I. Number: 13-2613755
©Copyright IAMAT 2020
A division of the Foundation for the Support
of International Medical Training (FSIMT)
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Google+
Website by: SNAP 360° | Editorial Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
This site complies with the
HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.