http://www.paulmitchell.com/privacy-policy
CompanyOur PeopleOur ProductOur PlanetPaul Mitchell SchoolsHow-ToVideosVirtual StylistArticlesHow-ToView All Articles
Virtual Stylist
Salon & School LocatorSustainabilityPM Pro
Search
Advanced Search
# Type at least 3 characters to search # Hit enter to search
My Bag
Compare Products
FREE Travel-Size Tea Tree Body Bar® at Checkout. Use code: SOFRESH
FREE Mini soap
Tea Tree Body Bar® with every purchase.*
use code: SOFRESH
*Exclusively at www.jpms.com. This offer expires 12/31/20 at 11:59pm PT or while supplies last. One per order.
Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
JPMS™ Privacy and Cookie Notice (United States)
Thank you for visiting the John Paul Mitchell Systems® website. We have created this policy to provide you with
information about how we collect, use, share and protect information from our websites, mobile applications and
social media pages (collectively called the "Sites"), from online purchases, or when you otherwise interact with us.
This notice applies to consumers and visitors of our Sites.
Your use of the Sites and your other interactions with us constitute your acceptance of this Privacy and Cookie
Notice and consent to the practices described.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS, CHOICE AND ACCESS
ADVERTISING/TARGETED ADVERTISING; HOW TO OPT-OUT
1. INFORMATION COLLECTED
This section describes the information we collect, including information that you provide to us, information
automatically collected and information from third parties. We may combine information that we collect via one
method (e.g., a website, our digital advertising) with information that we have collected via another method (e.g.,
an offline event). We do this to get a more complete view of our consumers, which, in turn, allows us to serve you
better and with more customization.
Information You Provide
If you register at a Site; make purchases through a Site or a Paul Mitchell School; join a loyalty program; enter a
contest or promotion; social media and blogs; submit a customer service request, consumer survey, photo, video or
product review; sign up to receive emails or other offers or communications, we collect and store the information
provided. This information includes Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an
individual) such as your name, social media handle, email, telephone number, home address, and payment information
(such as account or credit card number). You may also be asked for demographic information (such as age, product
preferences, beauty needs, zip code) or location information.
Automatically Collected Information
Mobile Services/Apps: Certain of our mobile apps offer opt-in, geo-location services and push
notifications. Geo-location services provide location-based content and services, such as store locators, local
weather, promotional offers and other personalized content. Push notifications can include discounts, reminders or
details about local events or promotions. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services or push
notifications. If you consent to location services, we will collect information about the Wi-Fi routers closest to
you and the cell IDs of the towers closest to you to provide location-based content and services.
Site Usage Information: JPMS and its third-party service providers may also use a variety of
technologies that passively or automatically collect information about how the Sites are accessed and used ("Usage
Information"), including but not limited to your browser type, device type, operating system, application version,
the pages served to you, the time you browse, preceding page views, and your use of features or applications on the
Sites.
Device Identifiers: JPMS also automatically collects an IP address or other unique identifier
information ("Device Identifier") for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device (collectively,
"Device") you use to access the Sites or on third party websites that publish our advertising. A Device Identifier
is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a web site or its servers, and our
computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. For mobile devices, a Device Identifier is a unique string
of numbers and letters stored on your mobile device that identifies it. We may use a Device Identifier to, among
other things, administer the Sites; help diagnose problems with our servers; analyze trends; track users' web page
movements; help identify you and your shopping cart; deliver advertising and gather broad demographic information.
Cookies: Like many websites, we use "Cookies," which are data files placed on a web browser when it
is used to visit the Sites to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience, including tailoring
advertisements. Cookies may also be used to associate you with social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter
and, if you so choose, enable interaction between your activities on the Sites and your activities on such social
networking sites.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a
cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; or set your browser to automatically not accept any
cookies. However, please be aware that some features and services on our Sites may not work properly because we may
not be able to recognize and associate you with your account. In addition, the offers we provide when you visit us
may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests. To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Pixels or Web Beacons: We use pixel tags or web beacons, which are transparent graphic images placed
on a web page or in an email and indicate that a page or email has been viewed or tell your browser to get content
from another server.
Specific Cookie Information
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually
only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but
some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Google
_gat_UA-11037864-1
Magento
PHPSESSID
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will
not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Google
_ga
_gcl_au
_gid
Microsoft
MR
MR2
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by
third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all
of these services may not function properly.
Magento
emailPop
form_key
mage-banners-cache-storage
mage-cache-sessid
mage-cache-storage
mage-cache-storage-section-invalidation
mage-messages
mage-translation-file-version
mage-translation-storage
private_content_version
product_data_storage
recently_compared_product
recently_compared_product_previous
recently_viewed_product_previous
section_data_ids
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a
profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these
cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Bing
MUID
_uetsid
Google
AID
Facebook
_fbp
Pinterest
_pinterest_ct_ua
Salesforce
_kuid_
Signifyd
thx_guid
Unclassified Cookies
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Google
_pin_unauth
Information From Third Parties
We may receive information from third party partners, such as marketing and demographic data, offline records and
information from an advertiser about your experiences or interactions with them. We may combine such third party
data with other information we receive from or about you.
2. USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION BY JPMS
JPMS and its brands use information collected for a variety of business purposes such as:
Providing you with tailored content, services, advertisements and offers from our brands;
Responding to your questions and providing news and updates from our brands, about our products, services,
loyalty programs and Schools;
Providing you with access to features of the JPMS Sites;
Verifying your identity;
Fulfilling product purchases;
Communicating about your account(s) and activities on the Sites;
Sending notice of changes to a JPMS policy;
Improving the effectiveness of our Sites, Schools, customer service and product offerings;
To conduct research and analytics related to our operations;
Processing applications and transactions;
Posting your content and consumer reviews on the Sites, our social media pages and related third party sites
that retail or feature our brands and products;
Contacting you about content shared by you about our brands and products.
We will not disclose your Personal Information to third parties outside of JPMS for our own independent marketing or
business purposes without your consent unless for the following limited purposes:
Third Parties Providing Services On Our Behalf: We share your Personal Information with third
parties that perform functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our partners) such as service providers that host or
operate our Sites; provide analytics and site usage information; process transactions and payments; fulfill orders
or provide customer service; loyalty program administration; redemption; advertisers; sponsors or other third
parties that participate in or administer our promotions, contests, sweepstakes, surveys or provide marketing or
promotional assistance. We may share information with our subsidiaries, sponsors, partners, advertisers or other
third parties to provide you with product information and promotional and other offers, to help maintain and operate
the Sites or for other reasons related to the operation of our business, including but not limited to the
fulfillment of purchases, promotional offers and administering contests. We may also share non-identifying
information, such as aggregate statistics or usage information, with third parties.
Your Agreement To Have Your Personal Information Shared: While on JPMS Sites, you may have the
opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else, or to otherwise consent to
the sharing of your information with a third party, including social networking sites such as Facebook or Twitter.
If you agree to have your Personal Information shared with a third party, your Personal Information will be
disclosed to the third party and will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party.
Your Agreement To Have Your Content, Ratings and Reviews Shared: Your submissions are helpful to many parties including other consumers, retailers and manufacturers. Overall, they help improve the quality of the shopping experience, products and services. Anything you submit to our Sites may be used for advertising purposes, social media pages and posted to related, third party websites that retail or feature our brands and products, including other websites in the John Paul Mitchell Systems network, in addition to the website that you originally submitted. Accordingly, please do not post anything that you do not want to share with the general public (for example, financial information, social security number, etc.). Thanks for your contribution!
Business Transfers: We may share information with other entities and affiliates of JPMS. As we
continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or our assets, or
assets related to the Sites, Personal Information, Usage Information and any other information that we have
collected may be disclosed to such entity as one of the transferred assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or
reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and
as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Legal Disclosure: JPMS may transfer and disclose information, including your Personal Information,
Usage Information and Device Identifier, (including IP address), to third parties to comply with a legal obligation;
when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an
investigation; to verify or enforce our Terms of Use or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or
otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to our Sites or the
public.
3. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS, CHOICE AND ACCESS.
You may change your preferences and unsubscribe from email services from our brands by: (i) modifying your registered
user information on the Sites; (ii) sending us an email by clicking here; or (iii)
following the unsubscribe instructions in the communication that you receive.
You may at any time opt out from push notifications and allowing JPMS to access location data by adjusting the
permissions in your mobile device. You can stop all further collection of information by our mobile applications by
uninstalling the mobile application. Please note that if you uninstall the mobile application from your mobile
device, the unique identifier associated with your mobile device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the
application on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions
and activities.
In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain Personal Information you
have submitted through the Sites. We are under no obligation to store such Personal Information indefinitely and
disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such Personal Information. In addition, you
should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our
databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services
and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. If you wish to
cancel your account or request that we no longer use your Personal Information to provide you services, contact us
here. We do not control certain privacy settings and preferences maintained by our social media partners like
Facebook and Twitter. If you wish to make changes to those settings and preferences, you may do so by visiting the
settings page of the appropriate social media site.
4. ADVERTISING/TARGETED ADVERTISING; HOW TO OPT-OUT
JPMS licenses technology to serve advertisements on its own Sites and within its content as that content is served
across the Internet. In addition, JPMS may use third parties to serve advertisements on the Sites and around the
web, measure the performance of the Sites and the viewing of our content and provide analytics services. These ad
network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or analytics service providers may set and access their own cookies,
pixel tags and similar technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information
about you, including Usage Information. We and our network advertisers may target advertisements for products and
services in which you might be interested based on your visits to both the Sites and other websites or based on
location data, from your Device. We may use a variety of companies to serve advertisements.
If you prefer to not receive targeted advertising, you can opt out of certain network advertising programs through
the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
Opt-Out Page. Options are Device-specific, so if you use multiple Devices, you may need to opt out on each
one. The NAI Opt-Out Page provides a tool that identifies its member companies that have cookies on your browser and
provides links to those companies.
John Paul Mitchell Systems 20705 Centre Pointe Parkway Santa Clarita, CA 91350