http://www.ianson.co.uk/privacy-policy
I'Anson Bros LTD - Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis.You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.Please Note, the privacy practices set forth in this policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.Access to your information and correctionYou may request access to the data we hold about you. If you would like a copy of your data then please get in touch with us via the Contact page.We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate. You may ask us to correct information you think is inaccurate or you may ask us to delete your data.Collection Of InformationWe collect personally identifiable information, like names, phone numbers, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. This information is only used to fulfil your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.Your information is never shared or sold to any third party companies or organisations. We do not collect or store any debit or credit card details on our servers - all payments are made by redirecting you to our chosen payment processor where they are responsible for taking payment. No payment details are passed back to us other than "success" or "failure".CookiesA cookie is a small text string which is an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from our servers and stored on your computer's hard drive. When you first visit our website a session cookie is set which is read back on subsequent pages and is used to identify your shopping cart and whether you are logged in.You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies or notify you when a cookie is set. If you reject all cookies, you will not be able to use our services or products that require you to "log in" and you will not be able to add items to the shopping basket - without cookies you always appear to the website a first-time visitor.We use our own cookies for a number of purposes, including to: Require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents. Keep track of shopping cart contents while you are using the the website.Cookies are not shared with any third-parties.Distribution of InformationWe may share information with Governmental Agencies, Police or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when:(1) permitted or required by law; or,(2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or,(3) investigating fraud which has already taken place.The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.Data SecurityYour personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorised employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.Google Analytics CookiesGoogle Analytics is a website monitoring tool that allows users to see volumes of website visitors, their source, and to analyse how the content of their website is viewed and navigated. This in turn allows optimisation of the content and pages on our website and the marketing programmes that drive traffic to the website.Google Analytics does not store any personal information about website visitors, but does use persistent cookies to identify repeat visitors.You may universally opt-out of all Google Analytics tracking used by all websites by visiting the following url – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutExternal websitesOur Website provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.Contact InformationIf you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our Privacy Policy, or if you want to know more what information we have collected about you, please email us via our online Contact form. You can also correct any factual errors in that information or require us to remove your details form any list under our control.
Beef CattleDairy CattleSheep and LambsHorses and MoreFAQsA Family BusinessWho We AreQualityTake a TourHOME
OUR FEEDSarrow_drop_downBeef Cattle
Dairy Cattle
Sheep and Lambs
Horses and More
FAQs
HOW TO BUY
ABOUT USarrow_drop_downA Family Business
Who We Are
Quality
Take a Tour
SELL YOUR CROPS
WORK WITH US
NEWS
CONTACT
navigation