http://www.schwarzbeck.de/en/component/content/article/2-aplication-notes/548-privacy-policy.html
Skip to content
Jump to main navigation and login
Nav view search
Navigation
This site uses cookies.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you agree with it.
Learn more
I understand
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA.
On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.
Search
HomeProductsCalibration ServicesContact
Application Notes
Int. Representatives Sitemap
Search +Go
Products
AntennasAntenna Masts and TripodsMast AdaptersLISN / AMN Voltage ProbesEMI-Receivers	Pulse GeneratorsMagTest SystemHelmholtz Coils / Radiating LoopsDummy LampsAbsorbing ClampsNear Field ProbesStriplines / TEM-CellsCDN - Coupling / Decoupling NetworksCDNE for emission measurement on luminaries acc. EN 55015PreamplifiersRolling Stock AntennaBalunsCoaxial CablesAttenuators and Pulse LimitersElectromagnetReference Radiators / Comb Generators	Field metersVan der Hoofden Test HeadAccessoriesUsed Equipment
Details
Privacy Policy
Personal data (usually referred to just as "data" below) will only be processed by us to the extent necessary and for the purpose of providing a functional and user-friendly website, including its contents, and the services offered there.
Per Art. 4 No. 1 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, i.e. the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as the "GDPR"), "processing" refers to any operation or set of operations such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination, or otherwise making available, alignment, or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction performed on personal data, whether by automated means or not.
The following privacy policy is intended to inform you in particular about the type, scope, purpose, duration, and legal basis for the processing of such data either under our own control or in conjunction with others. We also inform you below about the third-party components we use to optimize our website and improve the user experience which may result in said third parties also processing data they collect and control.
Our privacy policy is structured as follows:
I. Information about us as controllers of your dataII. The rights of users and data subjectsIII. Information about the data processing
I. Information about us as controllers of your data
The party responsible for this website (the "controller") for purposes of data protection law is:
Schwarzbeck Mess-Elektronik OHGZiegelhäuser Straße 25D - 69250 SchönauGermany
Telephone: +49 (0) 6228 / 1001Fax: +49 (0) 6228 / 1003Email:
II. The rights of users and data subjects
With regard to the data processing to be described in more detail below, users and data subjects have the right
to confirmation of whether data concerning them is being processed, information about the data being processed, further information about the nature of the data processing, and copies of the data (cf. also Art. 15 GDPR);
to correct or complete incorrect or incomplete data (cf. also Art. 16 GDPR);
to the immediate deletion of data concerning them (cf. also Art. 17 DSGVO), or, alternatively, if further processing is necessary as stipulated in Art. 17 Para. 3 GDPR, to restrict said processing per Art. 18 GDPR;
to receive copies of the data concerning them and/or provided by them and to have the same transmitted to other providers/controllers (cf. also Art. 20 GDPR);
to file complaints with the supervisory authority if they believe that data concerning them is being processed by the controller in breach of data protection provisions (see also Art. 77 GDPR).
In addition, the controller is obliged to inform all recipients to whom it discloses data of any such corrections, deletions, or restrictions placed on processing the same per Art. 16, 17 Para. 1, 18 GDPR. However, this obligation does not apply if such notification is impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. Nevertheless, users have a right to information about these recipients.
Likewise, under Art. 21 GDPR, users and data subjects have the right to object to the controller's future processing of their data pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. In particular, an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising is permissible.
III. Information about the data processing
Your data processed when using our website will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose for its storage ceases to apply, provided the deletion of the same is not in breach of any statutory storage obligations or unless otherwise stipulated below.
Server data
For technical reasons, the following data sent by your internet browser to us or to our server provider will be collected, especially to ensure a secure and stable website: These server log files record the type and version of your browser, operating system, the website from which you came (referrer URL), the webpages on our site visited, the date and time of your visit, as well as the IP address from which you visited our site.
The data thus collected will be temporarily stored, but not in association with any other of your data.
The basis for this storage is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the improvement, stability, functionality, and security of our website.
The data will be deleted within no more than seven days, unless continued storage is required for evidentiary purposes. In which case, all or part of the data will be excluded from deletion until the investigation of the relevant incident is finally resolved.
Cookies
a) Session cookies
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files or other storage technologies stored on your computer by your browser. These cookies process certain specific information about you, such as your browser, location data, or IP address.
This processing makes our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure, allowing us, for example, to display our website in different languages or to offer a shopping cart function.
The legal basis for such processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR, insofar as these cookies are used to collect data to initiate or process contractual relationships.
If the processing does not serve to initiate or process a contract, our legitimate interest lies in improving the functionality of our website. The legal basis is then Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
When you close your browser, these session cookies are deleted.
b) Third-party cookies
If necessary, our website may also use cookies from companies with whom we cooperate for the purpose of advertising, analyzing, or improving the features of our website.
Please refer to the following information for details, in particular for the legal basis and purpose of such third-party collection and processing of data collected through cookies.
c) Disabling cookies
You can refuse the use of cookies by changing the settings on your browser. Likewise, you can use the browser to delete cookies that have already been stored. However, the steps and measures required vary, depending on the browser you use. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your browser or contact its maker for support. Browser settings cannot prevent so-called flash cookies from being set. Instead, you will need to change the setting of your Flash player. The steps and measures required for this also depend on the Flash player you are using. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your Flash player or contact its maker for support.
If you prevent or restrict the installation of cookies, not all of the functions on our site may be fully usable.
Order processing
The data you submit when ordering goods and/or services from us will have to be processed in order to fulfill your order. Please note that orders cannot be processed without providing this data.
The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
After your order has been completed, your personal data will be deleted, but only after the retention periods required by tax and commercial law.
In order to process your order, we will share your data with the shipping company responsible for delivery to the extent required to deliver your order and/or with the payment service provider to the extent required to process your payment.
The legal basis for the transfer of this data is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
Contact
If you contact us via email or the contact form, the data you provide will be used for the purpose of processing your request. We must have this data in order to process and answer your inquiry; otherwise we will not be able to answer it in full or at all.
The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
Your data will be deleted once we have fully answered your inquiry and there is no further legal obligation to store your data, such as if an order or contract resulted therefrom.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics on our website. This is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 (hereinafter: Google).
Through certification according to the EU-US Privacy Shield
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Google guarantees that it will follow the EU's data protection regulations when processing data in the United States.
The Google Analytics service is used to analyze how our website is used. The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the analysis, optimization, and economic operation of our site.
Usage and user-related information, such as IP address, place, time, or frequency of your visits to our website will be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. However, we use Google Analytics with the so-called anonymization function, whereby Google truncates the IP address within the EU or the EEA before it is transmitted to the US.
The data collected in this way is in turn used by Google to provide us with an evaluation of visits to our website and what visitors do once there. This data can also be used to provide other services related to the use of our website and of the internet in general.
Google states that it will not connect your IP address to other data. In addition, Google provides further information with regard to its data protection practices at
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners,
including options you can exercise to prevent such use of your data.
In addition, Google offers an opt-out add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
in addition with further information. This add-on can be installed on the most popular browsers and offers you further control over the data that Google collects when you visit our website. The add-on informs Google Analytics' JavaScript (ga.js) that no information about the website visit should be transmitted to Google Analytics. However, this does not prevent information from being transmitted to us or to other web analytics services we may use as detailed herein.
Google-Maps
Our website uses Google Maps to display our location and to provide directions. This is a service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 (hereinafter: Google).
Through certification according to the EU-US Privacy Shield
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Google guarantees that it will follow the EU's data protection regulations when processing data in the United States.
To enable the display of certain fonts on our website, a connection to the Google server in the USA is established whenever our website is accessed.
If you access the Google Maps components integrated into our website, Google will store a cookie on your device via your browser. Your user settings and data are processed to display our location and create a route description. We cannot prevent Google from using servers in the USA.
The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in optimizing the functionality of our website.
By connecting to Google in this way, Google can determine from which website your request has been sent and to which IP address the directions are transmitted.
If you do not agree to this processing, you have the option of preventing the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser. Further details can be found in the section about cookies above.
In addition, the use of Google Maps and the information obtained via Google Maps is governed by the Google Terms of Use https://policies.google.com/terms?gl=DE&hl=en and the Terms and Conditions for Google Maps https://www.google.com/intl/de_de/help/terms_maps.html.
Google also offers further information at
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
https://policies.google.com/privacy
YouTube
We use YouTube on our website. This is a video portal operated by YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA, hereinafter referred to as "YouTube".
YouTube is a subsidiary of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as "Google".
Through certification according to the EU-US Privacy Shield
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Google and its subsidiary YouTube guarantee that they will follow the EU's data protection regulations when processing data in the United States.
We use YouTube in its advanced privacy mode to show you videos. The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in improving the quality of our website. According to YouTube, the advanced privacy mode means that the data specified below will only be transmitted to the YouTube server if you actually start a video.
Without this mode, a connection to the YouTube server in the USA will be established as soon as you access any of our webpages on which a YouTube video is embedded.
This connection is required in order to be able to display the respective video on our website within your browser. YouTube will record and process at a minimum your IP address, the date and time the video was displayed, as well as the website you visited. In addition, a connection to the DoubleClick advertising network of Google is established.
If you are logged in to YouTube when you access our site, YouTube will assign the connection information to your YouTube account. To prevent this, you must either log out of YouTube before visiting our site or make the appropriate settings in your YouTube account.
For the purpose of functionality and analysis of usage behavior, YouTube permanently stores cookies on your device via your browser. If you do not agree to this processing, you have the option of preventing the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser. Further details can be found in the section about cookies above.
Further information about the collection and use of data as well as your rights and protection options in Google's privacy policy found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Online job applications / publication of job advertisements
We offer you the opportunity to apply for jobs with our company via our website. In the case of these digital applications, we collect your application data electronically in order to process your application.
The legal basis for this processing is §26 Para. 1 S. 1 BDSG in conjunction with Art. 88 Para. 1 GDPR.
If you are hired as a result of the application process, we will store the data you provide during the application process in your personnel file for the purpose of the usual organizational and administrative process, naturally in compliance with further legal obligations.
The legal basis for this processing is §26 Para. 1 S. 1 BDSG in conjunction with Art. 88 Para. 1 GDPR.
If we do not hire you, we will automatically delete the data submitted to us two months after the final decision is made. We will not delete the data, however, if we must store the data for legal reasons such as evidence of equal treatment of applicants, until any legal action is concluded, or four months.
In this case, the legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR and §24 Para. 1 No. 2 BDSG. Our legitimate interest lies in any legal defense we may have to mount .
If you expressly consent to a longer storage of your data, e.g. for your inclusion in a database of applicants or interested parties, the data will be processed further on the basis of your consent. The legal basis is then Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR. You may withdraw your consent at any time with future effect per Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR with future effect.
Model Data Protection Statement for Anwaltskanzlei Weiß & Partner
© 2013 - 2020 Schwarzbeck - Mess-Elektronik | Imprint | Privacy Policy