http://www.clearchanneloutdoor.com/legal/privacy/#california
Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 24, 2020
Clear Channel Outdoor, LLC ("Clear Channel" , "we", "us", or "our"), our parents, our subsidiaries, and our affiliate companies are committed to safeguarding and maintaining the privacy of your ("you", "your", “users” or "visitor") personal information. This website privacy policy (the "Policy") describes how CCO collects, protects, shares, uses, stores, and disposes of personal information automatically collected from and/or voluntarily provided by you when you visit and interact with CCO’s websites, including https://clearchanneloutdoor.com/, https://investor.clearchannel.com/, https://web.clearchanneloutdoor.com/, and https://company.clearchanneloutdoor.com/, including their subdomains, and any content, code, data, services, features, or functionality made available therein (each and all referred to herein as the "Website").
This Policy also explains important choices available to you concerning our handling of and rights available to you regarding your personal information.
Certain portions of the Website may be subject to additional or different terms, depending on the content or functionality in use as well as the specific services and/or products being described therein, such as the CCO RADAR Suite at https://web.clearchanneloutdoor.com/radar. In such cases, those terms are incorporated by reference into this Policy and are posted on the Website where they apply.
This Policy does not apply to any information, personal or otherwise, that we collect through other online or offline means, including any websites or services owned or operated by our parents, our affiliates, our subsidiaries, or other parties. You should always refer to the privacy policy belonging to the website or service that you are using as that policy will describe how your personal information is used.
BY ACCESSING AND USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU CONSENT TO OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, INCLUDING OUTSIDE OF YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE AND ACROSS INTERNATIONAL BORDERS, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS POLICY AND APPLICABLE LAW.
PLEASE NOTE, HOWEVER, IN SOME COUNTRIES, GOVERNMENT, LEGAL, OR REGULATORY AGENCIES MAY ACCESS OR DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION UNDER AUTHORITY OF LAW.
Quick Guide to Contents
1. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
2. HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
3. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
4. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
5. PROTECTING CHILDREN
6. SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
7. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
8. LINKS TO OTHER PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
9. CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS
10. POLICY CHANGES
11. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
12. NEVADA RESIDENT PRIVACY NOTICE
13. CONTACT US
1. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Information You Provide To Us
When you use this Website, we may request certain personal information from you in order to provide you with products and services accessed or requested by you, including, but not limited to, Website content and features, products and services, employment inquiries and applications, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, special events, and customer support. We use this information to operate, maintain, and support the features and functionality of the Website, as further described below.
The information collected through this Website may include personally-identifiable information or other information that may identify or be capable of being used to identify you (collectively referred to herein as "PII" or "personal information"). PII may consist of, individually or in combination: your full name, postal address, e­mail address, home telephone number, mobile phone number, credit or debit card details, geographic location, date of birth, demographic information (such as zip code, age, and gender), photos, videos, and/or social media account details.
We do not collect all of the types of PII previously mentioned and, to the extent that we do collect and use PII, we only do so using the minimum necessary to perform the services and provide the products and information that you seek from us.
Information Collected Automatically
We and/or other parties with whom we do business use a variety of online technologies that are capable of automatically and passively collecting information about how you access or use the Website ("Usage Information"), including any of the following:
Log Files:
We collect information that is logged about your access to and use of the Website, including your device's browser type, operating system, activations, and/or content you access, webpages served, and preceding page views. This statistical Usage Information tells us how the Website is being used by visitors like you, such as how many a specific Website page has been visited, how long visitors stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they "click" on. This information helps us keep our Website content and functionality current and relevant to our visitors and their interests.
Device Identifiers:
When you access the Website through a mobile device, we and/or our service providers may automatically access, assign, collect, monitor and/or remotely store one or more IP addresses or other device identifiers (each a "Device Identifier"), including the mobile network information associated with the computer, smart phone, tablet, or other device ("Device") being used to access the Website. We use and share Device Identifiers with other parties to, among other
things, administer the Website, help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze trends, provide attribution metrics to our business partners, analyze users' webpage views, and gather aggregate demographic information.
Location Data:
When you access using the Website by or a Device, we and/or our service providers or business partners may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store your location data, which may include geolocation or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device ("Location Data" ). We and other parties with which we partner are able to collect or infer the general location (such as country) of your Device when you access or use the Website and only use that information temporarily to serve the content you request or use. We also may use and share aggregated Location Data with certain other parties for analytics, attribution, and advertising purposes.
If you choose to turn on your Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, or other geolocation functionality when you use the Website, a Device, or a mobile application, the application may collect, infer, and/or use more precise geolocation data according to any terms to which you consented when you downloaded or started using the application. At times, that consent is broad enough to include CCO’s collection, use and disclosure of your geolocation data according to one or more privacy policies relevant to your use of the application. Even if you initially consent to collection of Location Data via a mobile application, Website, or Device, you may later stop the collection of that information by changing your Device and/or application settings and any related preferences and permissions. If you do so, please note that certain features of the related mobile applications may no longer function.
Clear gifs/web beacons:
"Clear Gifs" (also known as web beacons or pixel tags) are used to anonymously track online usage patterns. We may use Clear Gifs to determine whether a Website page has been viewed or in HTML-based emails sent to our registered users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by them, which allows us to more accurately report on, monitor, and improve this Website . You can disable the ability of Clear Gifs to track certain information by setting your Device's browser to refuse all or certain cookies (defined below).
Cookies:
We also collect Usage Information using cookies (data files placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Website). Cookies can be used to associate you with social networking sites and, if you so choose, enable interaction between your activities on the Website and your activities on social networking
sites. We, or our business partners, may place cookies or similar files on your Device for security purposes, to facilitate site navigation, and to personalize your experience while visiting our Website or other party’s sites (such as to select which ads or offers are most likely to appeal to you, based on your browsing behavior, interests, preferences, location, or demographic information), as well as for market research purposes.
Analytics:
We use Google Analytics or similar technologies (the "Analytics Technologies") to collect and process certain aggregated, statistical information about you and your use of certain pages on this Website. In doing so, we do not associate any such information with any personal information we may have obtained from you in other ways or from other parties without your consent. The terms and conditions of other parties regarding their use of Analytics Technologies may differ from ours. For example, you can learn more about how Google uses the information it collects by visiting https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners and also consulting the Google Privacy Policy located at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
Social Media Information:
As further explained below, if you use your login credentials from a social media service in connection with this Website, we may receive information from or send information to that service in accordance with its terms and privacy policy and your preferences and settings. The terms and conditions of these social networking services will apply to any information we disclose to them.
When other party technologies are used on our Website, they are subject to their own privacy practices and are not covered by this Policy. Please contact any other parties directly for more information on their data collection and privacy practices. It is our policy to contract with other parties who agree to respect user notice and choice in their collection and handling of Usage Information. For additional information on how to opt out of your PII being used by advertisers, please refer to the "Your Privacy Rights" section of this Policy.
Information We Receive from Other Parties
We may receive personal or non-personal information about you or your Device from our business partners and service providers, publicly-available sources, and/or our parents, our subsidiaries, and our affiliate companies and use that information to personalize your Website experience.
We disclaim all responsibility for the accuracy, use, completeness, or misuse of any information that you provide or receive through the Website and reserve the right to make modifications to Website content at any time. If you are given the option to link your social networking account with the Website, the authentication of your login credentials is conducted through the social networking service, but we may have access to some of your information stored on those social networking media platforms depending upon how you use the service and your privacy preferences and settings. In addition, as you interact with the Website, the social networking service may collect information about your activities on this Website. We recommend you review what kinds of information your social networking service may make available to us by visiting the services' privacy policies and/or changing your privacy preferences and settings directly through them. We reserve the right to use, transfer, assign, share, and provide access to all information that we receive through these social media services in accordance with this Policy and any relevant terms to which you 've consented via the service . You agree that we shall not be liable for any use or misuse of any of your information (including any PII) by social networking services.
2. HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the personal information we collect from and about you for various business purposes, including:
Internal Business Purposes: We use your personal information to enable your use of the Website, develop relevant Website content, respond to and communicate with you via e-mail, phone, or other means regarding your business inquiries, operate, support, and improve the Website, to improve our marketing and promotions, perform data analytics and reporting, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, perform other Website-related business functions to which you have consented, or act in good faith to maintain the privacy and security of your personal information and our Website.
Commercial and Marketing Communications: We may use the personal information we collect or receive from you to communicate directly with you via email regarding Website-related notices (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, feature notifications, technical and security notices). We may also send you email containing product and/or service offerings, promotions, invitations, voluntary questionnaires, and special offers related to your use of this Website . You may request not to receive such email (other than non-promotional, service-related notices necessary to our ongoing business relations) from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe link" provided in such communications or contacting us directly via any of the methods listed in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy.
Employment: You may choose to submit your personal information to apply for or inquire about employment with us. When visiting our Website 's "Careers" section, please note that you will be redirected to a website provided by a service provider who performs recruitment and employment functions on our behalf. You will be required to provide personal information when creating a job search account or submitting a job application . In addition to our policy, please refer to the privacy policy link available on their website.
Billing and Credit Card Information. To enable online payment for our products or services, we rely on payment processors to collect and store billing and credit card information via secure platforms . This information will only be shared with other parties who perform tasks required to complete the payment transaction. We also use other party platforms to process payments for some of our events and summits, and these other party’s platforms may collect and store billing and credit card information. The processing of your billing and credit card information by these platforms is subject to their privacy policies. Some of our Websites may accept billing and credit card information offline by phone or mail to process payments for advertisements and listings. This information will only be used by us to process the authorized payments.
With Consent: We may use your information for any other purpose to which you consent. We may partner with other parties to provide the specific services requested by you. In such cases, we will share the PII necessary for the other party to provide these services and they are bound by contract and law not to use your PII, except for the purpose of providing these services .
Anonymized and Aggregated Information: We use and share aggregated and anonymized demographic and interest information (non-PII) for internal business purposes as well as with our business partners and advertisers. This information is not considered to be PII, nor is it used to reasonably identify you.
Service Information: We use or may use cookies, server logs, unique identifiers, Advertising Identifiers, Location Data, Usage Information, and/or Clear Gifs information to: (i) remember information useful to you so that you will not have to re-enter every time you visit the Website; (ii) provide personalized content, services, and/or information; (iii) provide and monitor the effectiveness of the Website; (iv) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; (v) diagnose or fix technology problems; (vi) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; (vii) provide targeted advertising to your browser or device; and/or (viii) conduct research, beta testing or surveys.
In connection with the above and as further explained below, we may share your personal information with our employees, parent, subsidiary, and affiliate companies, contractors, vendors, and suppliers who are bound by contract not to share your personal information with unauthorized parties and who use such information strictly to provide you with the products and/or services you have requested, consistent with any permissions you may have selected and any license obligations, and only for purposes disclosed to you at the time you provided the information or otherwise gave your consent.
3. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The information collected or generated through your use of this Website may be shared by us in accordance with this Policy, as described below.
Information Shared by Us
In addition to sharing anonymous, aggregate user statistics and demographic information as described in this Policy, we also share PII disclosed by you, as set forth in this Policy, under the following circumstances:
Affiliates and Subsidiaries. We may share your personal information any of our parents, affiliates, or subsidiaries for our internal business purposes.
Service Providers. In order to fulfill your requests, make certain features, services, and materials available to you through the Website, and respond to your inquiries, we may share your information with other parties who perform functions on our behalf, such as companies that: host or operate our Website, including any streaming or featured content, process payments, analyze data, and/or provide customer service. Your personal information may also be used by us or shared with other parties in connection with marketing, promotional activities, and other offers relevant to you, product information, business transfers, legal disclosures, and service information, as further explained below.
Your Agreement to Have Your Personal Information Shared. While on our Website, you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive additional information about our products and services, participate in promotional activities, such as surveys, sweepstakes, contests, special events, and/or respond to marketing offers or otherwise agree to the share your information with us and other parties. If you agree to have your information shared for any of these purposes, we may use and disclose your information to another party, such as a promotional sponsor, in order to fulfill your request to participate in an activity, offer, or opportunity, or you may choose to communicate your information directly to such other party.
Whenever such information is disclosed, directly by you or on your behalf, it will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that other party. Also, at times, the rules, terms and conditions, or disclaimers that apply to a particular activity, offer, or opportunity may include further disclosures on how personal information that you submit will be used. If there is a conflict between the rules, terms, and conditions that apply to an activity, offer, or opportunity and this Privacy Policy, the rules, terms, and conditions that apply to the particular activity, offer, or opportunity will govern. Please review all information and disclosures about such activities before you provide us (or any of our business partners) with personal information.
Credit card companies and payment services. At times, we may use third party payment and transaction services to facilitate your transactions and process your orders. In such cases, we will share your personal information and credit card information with third party payment services companies solely for the purpose of and to the extent necessary for completing the transaction or processing your order.
We do store or directly process your payment card information but may retain basic transactional details for limited accounting, customer service, and other internal business purposes in accordance with applicable law.
Business Transfers. Your information may also be used by us or shared with our parent, subsidiary, and affiliate entities for operational purposes. If we become involved in a merger, consolidation, acquisition, sale of assets, joint venture, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or other transaction or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business otherwise changes, we may share or transfer your information to other parties or parties in connection with requisite due diligence processes and transfer of assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to other parties.
Legal Disclosures. To the extent required by applicable law, we may disclose information about you to other parties, in good faith, to: (i) enforce or apply our Terms
of Use or other user agreement; (ii) comply with law, respond to legal process (including, but not limited to, subpoenas, warrants, or court orders), or cooperate with government or law enforcement officials; (iii) protect or defend our rights, reputation, safety and property, or that of our users or other parties, including responding to emergencies, investigating suspected illegal activities; or (iv) as otherwise is lawful.
While we do not believe we sell your personal information in the traditional sense, we and certain business partners may place cookies and other tracking tools on our digital properties, such as websites or mobile applications, which allow us and those companies to gather limited information about your online activity and to serve you interest-based advertising (IBA) on our websites or elsewhere. This could be considered a “sale” of personal information under the CCPA.
4. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
Based on your residency and applicable law, you may be entitled to exercise certain privacy rights concerning your personal information. If you would like to learn more about this, please contact us using any of the methods listed in the "Contact Us" section at the end of this Policy. We will review your request and provide our
response as soon as commercially feasible and within the time period required by applicable law. Please note that our ability to fulfill your request will rely on: (1) the extent to which you provide us with all necessary information to confirm your identity, (2) whether we actually possess any relevant information about you, and (3) whether we have conducted any of the activities required by law to be disclosed.
Cookies
Some cookies may save your preferences across devices and analyze usage of the websites you visit. To refuse these Cookies, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here. If you do disable or opt out of receiving cookies, please be aware that some features and services on our Website may not work properly because we may not have sufficient information to connect you to your account(s). In addition, the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests.
Refer to your device's or browser's settings and/or user instructions for more information on how to delete and disable all or some cookies, and other tracking tools (e.g., resetting your Advertising Identifiers). You also can also learn more about cookies by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org which provides useful information about cookies and how to block them using different types of browser. Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect other party flash cookies used in connection with our Website. To delete or disable flash cookies, please visit https://www.adobe.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html for more information.
Remember that, to the extent that cookies are stored by your browser, if you use different Internet browsers or multiple Devices and you do not wish to have cookies collected, you will need to separately opt out from each browser on each of the Devices that you use. Even if you opt out, you may still receive non-customized advertisements that are not based on your web-browsing activities on other party websites. Also, opting out from the foregoing technologies, does not necessarily prevent this Website, or others, from being able to analyze user visits for limited analytics, operations, and security purposes.
Interest-Based Advertising
As described above, we or our business partners may place or recognize unique cookies or other technologies using your browser and/or Device when you visit our
Website and those technologies can be used to collect information about your use of our Website and your other online activities over time and across different websites and applications in order to serve interest-based advertisements to you on other websites as you browse the Internet. To learn more about interest-based advertising (IBA), please visit: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. There are two primary ways that you can opt out of interest-based advertising: 1) through the cross-­industry Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), which provides opt out instructions at: DAA AppChoices - http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices/ and http://optout.aboutads.info; or 2) opt out from use of information about your online activities by National Advertising Initiative (NAI) member companies at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Do Not Track:
Some browsers have a "Do Not Track" feature capable of sending a signal that notifies websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. Unfortunately, this signal is not yet a standardized, reliable way to prevent tracking, so please note that our Website, and its backend systems, do not recognize "Do Not Track" signals. For more information about this feature, visit http://www.networkadvertising.org.
5. PROTECTING CHILDREN
The Website is intended for a general audience and is not directed to children under 16 years of age. We do not intend to collect personal information protected by the U.S. Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA'') or similar laws.
If we learn that we have collected information from children in a manner not permitted by COPPA, or similar laws, we will remove that information in order to comply with applicable law.
6. SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use reasonable security practices and procedures designed to protect your personal information against loss, theft, and unauthorized access, use, disclosure or modification. However, since no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic transmission or storage is perfectly secure, we cannot guarantee and do not warrant the security of any information we receive or collect from you . You provide us with your information at your own risk. Accordingly, you should use caution whenever you submit information online or via email and regularly backup your Device to guard against data loss.
7. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will retain your personal information, including any communications you send to us through the Website or otherwise, as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Policy, and for a commercially reasonable time thereafter for backup, archival, fraud prevention or detection, audit purposes, or as required by law.
For internal record retention purposes, we may delete certain records that contain personal information and are under no obligation to store such personal information indefinitely; therefore, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we disclaim any liability or damages arising out of, or related to, destruction of such personal information. In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely change, remove, or delete all of your information from databases or servers maintained by or on our behalf without residual and/or cached data which may remain archived thereafter. Therefore, we reserve the right to retain data in accordance with our internal policies and applicable law for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the business purposes for which the data was received or collected.
8. LINKS TO OTHER PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
We are not responsible for any use by you of other party websites or services linked to or from our Website , including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Website to another website or service, our Policy will not apply there. Your browsing and interaction on any other party’s website or service are subject to that other party's rules and policies.
This Website contains links to other websites operated by other parties that we do not own or operate. This includes links from other parties with whom we do
business that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding or co-marketing agreement. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for their websites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. These other websites may send their own cookies to your Device, they may independently collect data or solicit personal Information and may or may not have their own published
privacy
policies. The Website may make available chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups where any information that you disclose may become public information and is not subject to this Policy.
9. CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS
This Website is directed to Website visitors located in the United States of America and governed by U.S. law. Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we are located or in which we engage service providers, using legal mechanisms to do so. By using the Website, you understand that your information may be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States of America, and be subject to data protection laws different from those of your home country.
10. POLICY CHANGES
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to update and change this Policy, from time to time, and it shall take effect upon the posting of the revised Policy. If you do not agree with or consent to any such updates or changes, you are prohibited from and must discontinue your access and use of this Website . To the extent any provision of this Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable.
11. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
We do not discriminate against consumers who choose to exercise their legal rights.
Pursuant to the Shine the Light Act, under Sections 1798.83-1798.84 of the California Civil Code, California residents may annually, without charge, request information about what categories of personal information (as defined by law) a business has shared, if any, with other parties for those other parties' direct marketing purposes. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), under Sections 1798.100-1798.198 of the California Civil Code, also provides California residents with certain rights to access and delete their personal information as well as opt out from the sale of their personal information by businesses to other parties.
We may disclose your personal information to another party for a lawful business purpose . When we disclose personal information for a business purpose , we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Although we primarily rely on anonymous and aggregate consumer information in connection with our advertising business, in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for various business purposes (such as to fulfill contracts for products and services, for employment purposes, network security, etc.):
Category A. Identifiers including first and last name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol (IP) address , email address, or other similar identifiers;
Category B. Personal information as defined in the California customer records law, such as name , contact information, education, employment, employment history, and financial information.
Category D. Commercial information, such as transaction information, purchase history, financial details and payment information.
Category F. Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems and advertisements.
Category I. Professional or employment-related information, such as job title as well as work history and professional experience for events, presentations, marketing collateral and testimonials in connection with our business activities .
Category K. Inferences drawn from any of the foregoing reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, behavior and abilities.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
•	Our corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, and/or parents
•	Service providers.
•	Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
•	Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
•	Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
•	Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
•	Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
•	Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
•	Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
•	Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
•	Comply with a legal obligation.
•	Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
If you wish to make any such requests of us under the Shine the Light Act or the CCPA, you may send an email to legal@clearchannel.com (or use another contact method described in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy) to request a copy of our privacy disclosure under California law.
Only you or your agent registered with the California Secretary of State authorized by you to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to
your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
The verifiable consumer request must:
•		Provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
•	Describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
•	The categories of personal information we collected about you.
•	The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
•	Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
•	The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
•	The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
•	If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
•	sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
•	disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and/or confirm the personal information relates to you . Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. Requests that we determine to be unverifiable. manifestly unfounded, or excessive may be declined by us in accordance with applicable law.
12. NOTICE TO NEVADA RESIDENTS
Under Nevada state law, NRS 603 A.340, Nevada consumers have the legal right to opt-out of the sale of certain types of personal information collected about them online. Although we do not sell personal information as defined by NRS 603A.340 we will respond to and cooperate with your reasonable, verified written opt-out request to the extent required under applicable law. Our designated physical address for receiving such requests is provided below under "Contact Us." Requests or questions may also be sent to us by email at: legal @clearchanne l.com.
13. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, the Website, or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
Clear Channel Outdoor, LLC
Attn: Legal Dept.
99 Park Avenue, 2nd Floor
New York, NY 10016
Re: Privacy Practices
E-mail: legal@clearchannel.com
Telephone number: 1-888-899-2450, press option #2 for assistance
© 2019 Clear Channel Outdoor, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us |
Careers |
Where We Are |
Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Do Not Sell My Personal Information |
Sitemap