https://www.amfoam.com/privacy-policy/
Products
Rubber
Polyurethane
Polyethylene
Cross-Linked
Polyethylene
Data Sheets
Capabilities
Roll Rubber
Skiving
Die Cutting
Gluing
Laminating
Pattern Cuts
Business Segments Served
About Us
Contact Us
800.582.2411
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Like most interactive web sites this AM Foam Products Inc. website [or ISP] uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at AM Foam Products Inc. Terms and Conditions
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on January 1, 2018
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
AM Foam and Rubber Products.
3255 E. 18th Street
Kansas City, Missouri 64127 USA
sales@amfoam.com
P: (800) 582-2411
© 2013-2020 AM Foam Products
3255 E. 18th St. Kansas City, MO 64127
1.800.582.2411
Products
Rubber
Specialty Foam
Polyurethane
Polyethylene
Cross-Linked Polyethylene
Data Sheets
Capabilities
Roll Rubber
Skiving
Die Cutting
Gluing
Laminating
Pattern Cuts
AM FOAM PRODUCTS
Home
Business Segments Served
About Us
Driving Directions
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Website powered by Toose Technologies - www.toose.com