http://www.jalr.org/privacy_policy.html
Just Another Lab Rat!™
RECEIVE NEWEST STUDY NOTIFICATIONS:-
EMAIL:
TEXT:
drugspay.com
Twitter
Facebook
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Just Another Lab Rat!.
We can be reached via e-mail at info@studyscavenger.com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
This site does not share email or contact information with any clinic, advertising network or any other entity.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
This Privacy Policy was revised on 1/16/13
Translate »