http://www.cameraservice.com/en/privacy
Privacy Declaration
Disclosure obligations pursuant to Art. 12, 13 ff. EU GDPR1. Name and address of ControllerYour contact partner as controller within the meaning of the European General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) and other national data protection laws of the member states and other provisions of data protection law is:ARRI AGHerbert-Bayer-Str. 1080807 MunichGermanyTel.: +49 (0)89 3809 0Fax: +49 (0)89 3809 1244Email: webmaster@arri.deWebsite: www.arri.com(hereafter "we", "is" or "our")2. Address of Data Protection OfficerOur data protection officer can be contacted at the following address:Data Protection OfficerHerbert-Bayer-Str. 1080807 MunichGermanyTel.: +49 (0)89 3809 0Fax: +49 (0)89 3809 1244Email: privacy@arri.de3. General information concerning data processinga. Scope of processing of personal dataWe process your personal data only to the extent required for the performance of our services. Your personal data is generally only processed based on your consent. An exception applies in cases where it is not possible to obtain prior consent for factual reasons or where a statutory authorization permits the processing of your personal data. b. Legal bases for processing personal dataTo the extent that we obtain your consent for the processing of personal data the legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) letter a EU GDPR.Where personal data which is required for the performance of a contract between you and us is processed, Art. 6 (1) letter b EU GDPR shall serve as the legal basis. This also applies to processing operations which are required in order to implement precontractual measures.Where your personal data must be processed in order to meet a legal obligation to which we are subject, Art. 6 (1) letter c EU GDPR shall serve as the legal basis.In the event that vital interests of you or another natural person necessitate the processing of personal data, the legal basis for this shall be Art. 6 (1) letter d EU GDPR.If the processing is necessary to protect a legitimate interest of ours or of a third party and if the interests, basic rights and fundamental freedoms do not override the first named interest, the legal basis used by us for the processing is Art. 6 (1) letter f EU GDPR. c. Erasure of data and duration of storageYour personal data shall be erased or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage no longer applies. It may be stored beyond said date if this has been stipulated by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or other provisions to which we are subject. The data shall also be blocked or erased if a storage period specified in the said laws expires, unless there is a need to continue to store the data for the purpose of entering into or performing a contract.4. Provision of website and creation of log filesa. Legal basis for the data processingThe legal basis for the processing of your personal data in the context of providing the website is Art. 6 (1) letter f EU GDPR.b. Purpose of the data processingThe temporary storage by us of your personal data is necessary to enable the website to be delivered to your computer. For this to happen, your personal data must be stored for the duration of the session. Your personal data is stored in log files in order to ensure that the website is functional. Your personal data also helps us to optimize the website and to ensure that our IT systems are secure. No analysis of your personal data is performed for marketing purposes in this connection. These purposes also form the basis of our legitimate interest in the data processing pursuant to Art. 6 (1) letter f EU GDPR.c. Duration of storageThe data is erased as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. Where your personal data is recorded for the purpose of providing the website, this will happen as soon as the relevant session has ended. If your personal data is stored in log files, these shall be deleted within no more than seven days. It may be possible to store it for longer. In this case your personal data shall be erased or changed to prevent it from being assigned to the visiting customer.d. Objection and rectification optionCapturing your personal data for the purpose of making the website available and storing your personal data in log files is an absolute requirement for operating the website. You cannot consequently object to this. 5. Use of cookiesa. Legal basis for the data processingThe legal basis for the processing of your personal data using technically necessary cookies is Art. 6 (1) letter f EU GDPR.b. Purpose of the data processingThe purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to make it easier for you to use our website. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For those functions your web browser has to be recognized again even after a page change. The user data collected using technically necessary cookies shall not be used to create user profiles.This purpose also forms the basis of our legitimate interest in the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 6 (1) letter f EU GDPR. c. Duration of storageYour personal data is erased as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected; this happens, in particular, when the cookies are deactivated.d. Objection and rectification optionCookies are stored on your computer and transmitted from the computer to our website. You therefore also have complete control over the use of cookies. By adjusting the settings in your internet browser you can deactivate or restrict the transfer of cookies. Cookies which are already stored may be deleted by you at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website not all the functions of the website might be able to be fully used any longer.6. Web/License/PCA shopa. Legal basis for the data processingThe legal basis for the processing of your personal data in the web/license/PA shop is Art. 6 (1) letter b EU GDPR.b. Purpose of the data processingYour personal data is processed in the web/license/PCA shop for the purpose of performing a contract for the sale of goods or services.c. Duration of storageThe data is erased as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. If your personal data is processed in the web/license/PCA-shop this happens when all claims arising from the contractual relationship have expired and there are no longer any statutorily prescribed retention periods in existence.d. Objection and rectification optionThere is a compelling necessity to process your personal data in the web/license/PCA shop for the sale of goods or services. You cannot consequently object to this. 7. Newslettera. Legal basis for the data processingThe legal basis for the processing of your personal data in the context of mailing the newsletter is Art. 6 (1) letter a EU GDPR where consent has been obtained, or the statutory authorization of section 7 (3) German Unfair Competition Act due to the sale of goods or services.b. Purpose of the data processingThe collection of your personal data is for the purpose of mailing you the newsletter. Your personal data is processed in the context of mailing the newsletter for the purpose of sales promotion of goods or services. c. Duration of storageThe data is erased as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. Your personal data shall accordingly be stored as long as the subscription to the newsletter is active. d. Objection and rectification optionYou may cancel the subscription to the newsletter at any time. Each newsletter contains a corresponding link to enable you to do this. Cancelling the subscription also enables the consent to be withdrawn.8. Registrationa. Legal basis for the data processingThe legal basis for the processing of your personal data as part of registration is Art. 6 (1) letter b EU GDPR.b. Purpose of the data processingYour registration facilitates the way contracts are entered into between you and us. The processing of your personal data during registration is therefore necessary in order to perform a contract between you and us or to implement precontractual measures.c. Duration of storageThe data is erased as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. This happens, during the registration process for the purpose of performing a contract or to implement precontractual measures, when your personal data is no longer necessary for the performance of the contract. Even after the contract is concluded, there may be a need to store personal data of the contracting party to meet contractual or statutory obligations.d. Objection and rectification optionYou have the option to cancel your registration at any time. You can have the personal data that is stored about you changed at any time. If your personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract or to implement precontractual measures the premature erasure of your personal data is only possible where erasure is not contrary to contractual or statutory obligations.9. Web tracking and web analysis by Google Analyticsa. Handling of processingThis website uses Google Analytics, the web analysis service of Google Inc. (hereafter “Google“). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text suggestion files that are stored on your computer and enable your use of the website to be analyzed. The information generated by the cookie concerning your use of this website is generally transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymization is activated on this website, however, your IP address will be abbreviated first by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are signatories to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to analyze your use of the website, compile reports on website activities and provide the website operator with additional services associated with use of the website and internet. The IP address transmitted in Google Analytics from your browser shall not be combined with other Google data.b. Legal basis for the data processingThe legal basis for the processing of your personal data is Art. 6 (1) letter f GDPR.c. Purpose of the data processingThe processing of your personal data enables us to analyze your browsing habits. By analyzing the data obtained we are able to compile information about the use of the individual components of our website. This process helps us to constantly improve our website and make it more user-friendly. These purposes also form the basis of our legitimate interest in the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 6 (1) letter f GDPR. Anonymizing your IP address takes adequate regard of your interest in the protection of personal data.d. Duration of storageYour personal data will be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for our aforementioned purposes. In our case this happens after 12 months.e. Objection and rectification optionUsers of this website who do not wish their data to be captured by Google Analytics may install the browser add-on to deactivate Google Analytics. This add-on tells the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) which is running on websites not to allow information to be sent to Google Analytics.If you wish to deactivate Google Analytics visit this site and install the add-on to deactivate Google Analytics for your browser. More detailed information about how to install and uninstall the add-on can be found in the relevant help resources for your browser.Browser and operating system updates may result in the deactivation add-on no longer working as envisaged. Further information about managing add-ons for Chrome can be found here. If you do not use Chrome,  ask your browser's manufacturer directly whether add-ons work properly in the browser version that you use.The latest versions of Internet Explorer occasionally load the add-on to deactivate Google Analytics after data has been sent to Google Analytics. If you use Internet Explorer, therefore, cookies are installed on your computer by the add-on. These cookies ensure that any kind of data that is captured is immediately erased by the server collecting it. Make sure that third party cookies are not deactivated for Internet Explorer. If you delete your cookies, these cookies will be put back again within a short time by the add-on to ensure that your Google Analytics browser add-on continues to work fully.The browser add-on to deactivate Google Analytics does not prevent data from being sent to the website or to other web analytics services.For more detailed information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data protection, seehttp://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html or https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de.IP anonymization is activated on this website.9.1 CrashlyticsTo improve our Stellar App's user experience and services quality we use Crashlytics - a service offered by Fabric - a company owned by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.Crashlytics provides us information about issues and malfunctions you may experience while using our application as well as about general app usage. To crashlytics, in case of mailfunction and failure, the following information is transmitted:*current IP-address of the device;*information about the device, such as: unique device identifier, model and device type, name and version of the operation system, settings and language of the device;*version and functionality of the application;*time and state of the app at the moment of malfunction;*aggregated geo-coded location (city) derived from IP-address;*views visited Data transmitted to Crashlytics will be stored for 90 days. Data will neither be transmitted to other services or resources, nor associated with other data available to Google Inc. For more information on Crashlytics privacy settings, please access:*https://docs.fabric.io/android/fabric/data-privacy.html*https://docs.fabric.io/apple/fabric/data-privacy.html Google privacy policy is available at:*https://policies.google.com/privacy Google is certified under the Privacy Shield and hereby guarantees compliance with European privacy laws:*https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI For opting out, the transfer of information about crashes, malfunctions and app usage to the Crashlytics service can be disabled in the application settings.10. Web tracking and web analysis by Facebook Pixela. Legal basis for the data processingThe legal basis for the processing of your personal data is Art. 6 (1) letter f GDPR.b. Purpose of the data processingThe processing of your personal data enables us to analyze your browsing habits. Using the data obtained, we are able to compile information about the use of the individual areas of our website. This process helps us to constantly improve our website and make it more user-friendly. These purposes also form the basis of our legitimate interest in the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 6 (1) letter f GDPR. c. Duration of storageYour personal data will be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for our aforementioned purposes. In our case this happens after twelve months.d. Objection and rectification optionYou can object at any time to the future processing of your personal data in the context of web tracking and web analysis by Facebook Pixel.11. Web tracking and web analysis by Crazy Egga. Legal basis for the data processingThe legal basis for the processing of your personal data is Art. 6 (1) letter f GDPR.b. Purpose of the data processingThe processing of your personal data enables us to analyze your browsing habits. Using the data obtained, we are able to compile information about the use of the individual areas of our website. This process helps us to constantly improve our website and make it more user-friendly. These purposes also form the basis of our legitimate interest in the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 6 (1) letter f GDPR. c. Duration of storageYour personal data will be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for our aforementioned purposes. In our case this happens after twelve months.d. Objection and rectification optionCookies are stored on your computer and transmitted from the computer to our website. You therefore also have complete control over the use of cookies. By adjusting the settings in your internet browser you can deactivate or restrict the transfer of cookies. Cookies which are already stored may be deleted by you at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website not all the functions of the website might be able to be fully used any longer.For more detailed information about Crazy Egg please see the following link: www.crazyegg.com/privacy12. Retargeting and conversion tracking by Google AdWordsa. Legal basis for the data processingThe legal basis for the processing of your personal data is Art. 6 (1) letter f GDPR.b. Purpose of the data processingYour personal data is processed in the context of retargeting and conversion tracking for the purpose of sales promotion of goods or services. This purpose also forms the basis of our legitimate interest in the data processing pursuant to Art. 6 (1) letter f GDPR. c. Duration of storageYour personal data that is processed in the context of retargeting and conversion tracking is erased as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected; this happens, in particular, on receipt of the objection. d. Objection and rectification optionCookies are stored on your computer and transmitted from the computer to our website. You therefore also have complete control over the use of cookies. By adjusting the settings in your internet browser you can deactivate or restrict the transfer of cookies. Cookies which are already stored may be deleted by you at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website not all the functions of the website might be able to be fully used any longer.For more detailed information about Google AdWords please see the following link:http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/13. Direct marketinga. Legal basis for the data processingThe legal basis for the processing of your personal data as part of direct marketing by mail is Art. 6 (1) letter f GDPR.b. Purpose of the data processingYour personal data is processed in the context of direct marketing by mail for the purpose of sales promotion of goods or services. This purpose also forms the basis of our legitimate interest in the data processing pursuant to Art. 6 (1) letter f GDPR. c. Duration of storageYour personal data is erased as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected; this happens, in particular, on receipt of the objection. d. Objection and rectification optionYou can object at any time to the future processing of your personal data in the context of direct marketing by mail.14. Defending and enforcing legal claimsa. Legal basis for the data processingThe legal basis for the processing of your personal data in the context of defending and enforcing legal claims is Art. 6 (1) letter f EU GDPR.b. Purpose of the data processingThe purpose of processing your personal data in the context of defending and enforcing legal claims is the defense of unjustified suits and the legal enforcement of claims and rights. This purpose also forms the basis of our legitimate interest in the data processing pursuant to Art. 6 (1) letter f GDPR.c. Duration of storageThe data is erased as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. d. Objection and rectification optionThe processing of your personal data in the context of defending and enforcing legal claims is absolutely necessary for the defense and enforcement  thereof. You cannot consequently object to this. 15. Categories of recipientsWithin our company, those bodies and departments receive personal data that they need to fulfil the aforementioned purposes. We sometimes use various service providers as well and transmit your personal data to other trusted recipients. These can includ- ARRI  subsidiaries- Banks- Scan Service- IT service providers- Attorneys and courts16. Rights of the data subjectIf your personal data is processed by us, you are the data subject within the meaning of EU GDPR and you have the following rights against us:a. Right to informationYou may request confirmation from us as to whether personal data concerning you is being processed by us. If it is being processed you can ask us for information about the following:(1) the purposes for which the personal data is processed;(2) the categories of personal data which is processed;(3) the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data concerning you has been or is still being disclosed;(4) how long the personal data concerning you is expected to be stored or, if it is not possible to provide specific details, criteria for determining the duration of storage;(5) the existence of a right to rectification or erasure of the personal data concerning you, a right to restriction of the processing by us or a right to object to said processing; (6) the existence of a right to complain to a supervisory authority;(7) all available information concerning the origin of the data if the personal data is not collected from you;(8) the existence of automated decision-making including profiling pursuant to Art. 22 (1) and 4 EU GDPR and, at least in these cases, meaningful information about both the strategy involved and the impact and the intended effects on you of this kind of processing.You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data concerning you is transferred to a third country or to an international organization. In this connection you may request to be notified about the appropriate safeguards in accordance with Art. 46 EU GDPR in connection with the transfer.b. Right to rectificationYou have a right to have us rectify and/or complete data where the processed personal data concerning you is inaccurate or incomplete. We must rectify it immediately.c. Right to restriction of the processingYou may, subject to the following preconditions, ask for the processing of the personal data concerning you to be restricted:(1) if you contest the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of the personal data;(2) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and requests the restriction of its use instead;(3) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing but it is required for you for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, or(4) if you have objected to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) EU GDPR pending verification as to whether our legitimate grounds override your grounds.Where processing of the personal data concerning you has been restricted, such data, with the exception of storage, may only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural person or legal entity or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or a member state.If the processing has been restricted under the above preconditions, you shall be informed by us before the restriction is lifted.d. Right to erasurei. Erasure obligationYou may request us to erase the personal data concerning you immediately, and we shall be obligated to erase said personal data without undue delay where one of the following applies:(1) The data concerning you is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it has been collected or otherwise processed.(2) You withdraw your consent upon which the processing pursuant to Art. 6 (1) letter a or Art. 9 (2) letter a EU GDPR was based, and there is no other legal basis for the processing. (3) You submit an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) EU GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or you submit an objection to the processing pursuant to  Art. 21 (2) EU GDPR. (4) The personal data concerning you has been processed unlawfully. (5) The erasure of the personal data concerning you is necessary for the purpose of fulfilling a legal obligation under the EU law or the law of the member states to which we are subject. (6) The personal data concerning you was collected with regard to information society services offered pursuant to Art. 8 (1) EU GDPR.ii. Information to third partiesIf we have made the personal data concerning you public and if we are obligated pursuant to Art. 17 (1) EU GDPR to erase it, we shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, taking due account of the available technology and cost of implementation, to inform the controllers responsible for processing the personal data that you, as the data subject, have requested the erasure by such controllers of all links to, or copy or replication of, said personal data. iii. ExceptionsThere is no right to erasure where the processing is necessary(1) for exercising the right to freedom of expression and information;(2) for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by EU or member state law to which we are subject, or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us;(3) for reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance with Art. 9 (2) letter h and i and Art. 9 (3) EU GDPR;(4) for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in accordance with Art. 89 (1) EU GDPR, in so far as the right referred to in section a) is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of that processing, or(5) for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.e. Right to informationIf you have asserted the right to rectification or erasure of data or restriction of the processing against us, we are obligated to inform all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you has been disclosed of said rectification or erasure of the data or of the restriction of the processing, unless this proves to be impossible or is unreasonably expensive.You have the right to be notified by us of these recipients.f. Data portability rightYou have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transmit said personal data which has been provided to us to another controller without hindrance from us where(1) the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) letter a EU GDPR or Art. 9 (2) letter a EU GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) letter b EU GDPR and(2) the processing is carried out by automated means.In exercising this right, you also have the right to have the personal data concerning you transmitted directly from us to another controller, where technically feasible. This right shall not adversely affect freedoms and rights of other persons.The right to data portability shall not apply to processing of personal data which is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us.g. Right to objectYou have the right, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of the personal data concerning you which is based on Art. 6 (1) letter e or f EU GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. We shall no longer process the personal data concerning you unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.Where the personal data concerning you is processed for direct marketing purposes you have the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal data concerning you for such marketing; this also applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.Where you object to processing for direct marketing purposes the personal data concerning you shall no longer be processed for such purposes.In the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, you have the option of objecting by automated means using technical specifications.h. Right to withdraw consent according to GDPRYou have the right to withdraw your consent according to GDPR at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.i. Automated individual decision-making, including profiling You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. This does not apply if the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between you and us,(2) is authorized by Union or member state law to which we are subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or(3) is based on your explicit consent.These decisions, however, shall not be based on special categories of personal data referred to in Art. 9 (1) EU GDPR, unless Art. 9 (2) letter a or g EU GDPR applies and suitable measures have been taken to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests.With regard to the cases referred to in (1) and (3), we take suitable measures to protect your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, including at least the right to obtain human intervention on our part, to express your point of view and to contest the decision.j. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authorityWithout prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of the personal data concerning you infringes the EU GDPR.The competent supervisory authority for us is: Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht [Bavarian Federal Office for Data Protection Oversight] Postfach [PO Box] 60691511 AnsbachThe supervisory authority with which you have lodged a complaint will inform you of the progress and the outcome of the complaint including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Art. 78 EU GDPR.Our Data Protection Officer will be happy to assist if you have any further questions.