http://www.happyjoes.com/privacy_policy.php
Navigation
Order
Menu
Menu
Pizzas
Pasta
Appetizers
Soups & Salads
Morning Offerings
Panini & Sandwiches
Ice Cream Treats
Others
Catering
Nutritional Info
Happy Joes eClub
View All
Locations
Locations
States
Illinois
Iowa
Minnesota
Missouri
North Dakota
Wisconsin
View All
View All
Locate a Happy Joes
About
Own a Franchise
Contact
Order Online
Find and Order From a Happy Joes Location Nearest You
*Rewards are not applicable for gift cards and products available in the eStore.
Whether you have a question, would like to get more information, or simply tell us about your experience, we would love to hear from you.
Contact Us
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Happy Joes Pizza & Ice Cream.
Our postal address is
2705 Happy Joe Drive, Bettendorf, IA, 52722 Map It
Contact
We can be reached via e-mail at contact@happyjoes.com or you can reach us by telephone at 563-332-8811
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes basic information such as IP address.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail and we aggregate information on what pages consumers visit.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site and is used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart and login information where applicable.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Thank You,
Happy Joes Pizza & Ice Cream
Order & Shipa Gift Card
Order Now >
Check GiftCard Balance
Check Now >
If you require assistance or have any questions, please contact our Support Center at 563-332-8811.
Happy Joes PizzaGrille
These locations have all of our great Happy Joes Pizzas and menu items but also has an expanded grille menu with awesome additions.
Davenport, IA
This location also has 23 TVs with the NFL ticket as well as a full bar and convenient pick up window. We also deliver and have online ordering capabilities!
Locate Us > Order Online > Find Us on Facebook >
Galesburg, IL
Locate Us > Order Online > Find Us on Facebook >
Milan, IL
Locate Us > Order Online > Find Us on Facebook >
Happy Joes 350 Grille
350 E Leclaire RdEldridge, Iowa 52748
This location has all of our great Happy Joes Pizzas and menu items but also offering an expanded buffet and entrees in a different atmosphere than other Happy Joes. We also deliver and have online ordering capabilities!
Locate Us > Order Online > Find Us on Facebook >