http://www.ipy.com/privacy-policy
Please turn your device to portrait for the best viewing.
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy PolicyBecause Island Packet Yachts is very sensitive to the public's use of its website, we have ensured that its Privacy Policy is in compliance with PCI Security Standards as well as the FCC's COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) Standards.What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you fill out a form. When you fill out a form, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer service	(Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs) NOTE: Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails	The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. How do we protect your information?We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied information (sensitive or otherwise) is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted. We do not ask or accept credits or payments on this site. Should an online payment be necessary or desired, this would only be done through a third-party, PCI compliant payment gateway. No personal information such as credit cards, social security numbers, financial information, etc. is stored on our servers.Do we use cookies?Yes, but only to process contact information. If you would like help in changing your browser settings to notify you when a website requires cookies, please refer to your browser's help page.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act): Our content is safe for everyone's general public use, while our website, products, and services are primarily for the interest of people who are at least 18 years old or older. We do not pursue or request any information from anyone under 13 years of age.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.This policy was last modified on 12/28/18.If you have any questions or comments, please contact us online here.
facebooktwitterlinked in
Privacy Policy     Contact
© 2020 Island Packet Yachts      1979 Wild Acres Road Largo, FL 33771 USA
Website development by Hornsby Brand Design LLC
honey