http://www.ftdi.com/privacy.htm
Sign In
Create an Account
Toolkit & Resources
Christmas 2020 Tools & Resources
Projected Best Sellers
Floral Selections Guide/Recipes
Image & Logo Library
FTD University / Education
FTD Webinar & Design Series
Virtual Mini Boot Camp
FTD Boot Camp
FTD University Scholarships
FTD Education Team
Quality Programs
Quality Overview
Product Recipe Catalog
Florist Scorecard
Test Order Management Program
Path to Orders
Quality Rating Program
Delayed Response Policy
Substitution Policy
Delivery Confirmation Policy
Care & Handling Materials
Local Marketing
Radio Advertising Scripts
Magazine Advertisements
DIY Mailers
Care & Handling Materials
Social Media Banners
In-store Merchandising
Vehicle Graphics
Catalogs & Promotions
Newsletters
Partner Discount Program
Industry Relations & Partnerships
FTD World Cup 2019
COVID-19 Resources & Communication
Business Solutions
Online Florist Directory
FTD Florist Link
Digital Display
Featured Florist Program
FTD Unlimited Coverage Plan
Credit Card Processing
Cash-Flo Overview
Equipment Options
Credit Card Activity
WebGifts
WebGifts Overview
Join WebGifts
WebGifts Product Information
Order Processing
Shipping Table
WebGifts Policies
FAQ
Online Marketing Services
FTD Website
Online Rating Service
FTD eBiz Marketing
Email Marketing
Pay-Per-Click
Local Online Directories
FTD Flower Exchange
FTD Delivery Service
David's Bridal
Technology
FTD Mercury Technology
Mercury Point of Sale
Tools
Order Entry
Point of Sale
Design Center
Search Capabilities
Event Planner
Delivery
Mercury Mobile
Profitability
Bookkeeping Functions
Mercury Marketing
Retail ToGo
Network
FTD Florist Link
People
Technology Training
Online Chat
Mercury Cloud
Merc Tech U
Data Security
Gift Card Program
Suspending / Resuming Mercury
Purchase Print Cartridges
Shopping
FTD Marketplace
FTD Flower Exchange
Member Services
FTD Clearinghouse Statement
FTD Rewards
Frequently Asked Questions
Quality Programs
Quality Overview
Product Recipe Catalog
Florist Scorecard
Test Order Management Program
Path to Orders
Quality Rating Program
Delayed Response Policy
Substitution Policy
Delivery Confirmation Policy
FTD University Online
Care & Handling Materials
Membership
Join FTD
Together We Grow
Member Guide
Membership Deadlines
Master Florist Program
Social Media Policy
Brand Protection Policy
FTD Standards
Customer Service
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Exchange Rates
W9-Form
Report of Orders Filled (ROOF) Form
International Retrans
Sending an International Order
Filling an International Order
International Delivery Directory (IDD)
Exchange Rates
Privacy Policy
Welcome to FTDi.com (the "Site"), an Internet property of Florists Transworld Delivery, Inc. ("FTD", "we", "us" or "our"). At FTD, protecting the information you provide to us is our highest priority. In this policy, we provide information on the way your information is collected and used, and demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy. FTD restricts access to your information only to those responsible for providing you with products and services.
1. Information We Collect
Personally Identifiable Information
When you become an FTD Member Florist you may create an account on FTDi.com. When you join FTD, you are required to provide FTD with information including personal information about you and your business, such as, but not limited, to your name, the name of your company, shipping address, telephone number, email address and billing address, which is then automatically carried over to your online account if you choose to create one on FTDi.com. FTD stores this information in its secure internal database. When you create an online account, your account will have a unique password of your choosing and you can change your password as many times as you like. Your password is needed to access your online account and keeps your information private and secure. All passwords are kept encrypted in the FTD database. The account identification number is your FTD Member Number and you will need your individual account identification number in order to sign into your account.
When you place an order through FTDi.com we will access your stored information and will present it to you online before you complete your transaction so you may confirm the shipping information is accurate.
We store your information so that we can:
Send you news from FTD;
Process your orders;
Ship orders to your business address;
Provide you with the best possible experience.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information by the use of clear gifs in combination with cookies when you visit many of our web pages, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g. Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Fire Fox), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows Visa, Mac OS), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, AT&T), the name of the web pages you visit, the time you access our web pages and the length of time you stay on those pages.
We collect this information via a third party vendor in order to determine which areas of our Site are most popular and to enhance your experience with our Site. This information may also be shared with third parties on an aggregate and non-personally identifiable basis. However, please be assured that this information will not intentionally personally identify you or any other visitors of our Site.
2.	Our Use and Disclosure of FTD Member Florist Information
Because we bill your purchases directly to your Clearinghouse Statement, we never ask for or use FTD Member Florist customer credit card data online.
When you become a member of FTD and provide an email address, you automatically opt-in to receive marketing and informational emails from us. In order to provide you with more relevant information and email content, we may use your user history, contact information and other registration information to provide you with more relevant information and email content. We may send emails to our member florists regarding changes in our services or other information we believe will be of interest. If you do not wish to receive our exclusive email offers and updates, you can opt-out at any time by scrolling to the bottom of any of the received emails and clicking the "unsubscribe" link. Should you not provide your email address upon becoming a member, or change your mind about opting-out, just send us an email at e-news@FTDi.com to rejoin the distribution list.
If you send us personal correspondence about your activities on our site, we may collect such information. We may use that information and other information that we obtain from your use of our Site to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our agreement for Terms of Use.
We may share aggregate statistics about our sales, traffic patterns and related site information with other businesses, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
We may share your information with our affiliates and other reputable vendors for the purpose of sending out special offers via email and/or in connection with the services provided by our Site such as the delivery of flowers.
We may, from time to time, offer content (e.g., contest, sweepstakes or promotions) that is sponsored by or cobranded with identified third parties, including affiliated businesses. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that users voluntarily submit to participate in the activity. We have no control over these third parties' use of this information. Since these third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy practices, you should check their websites for information regarding their privacy policies.
We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this privacy policy. For example, we may be required to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements or other activity that may be illegal or may expose us to legal liability.
3.	Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive. Cookies do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot invade your hard drive and steal information. Rather, they help you navigate a website and enhance the user experience.
FTD uses cookies only to the extent necessary to facilitate your transactions at our website, for example when you login to your account FTD will place a cookie on your computer so FTD recognizes you as you visit different sections of the Site, this includes secure portions of the Site so you do not have to login at each point. Our Site may also utilize cookies to collect information about how our Site is used. Information gathered from cookies may include the date and time of visits, the Site pages viewed, viewing and other options chosen as preferences regarding our Site, time spent at our Site and the websites that you visited just before and just after your visit to our Site.
If you do not wish to transmit cookie information about yourself, you may turn off the cookie function in your web browser by consulting the "Help" section of your web browser. However, turning off or disabling the cookie functions may prevent our system from properly recognizing you.
4.	Security
We endeavor to safeguard and protect our Member Florists' information. We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control, and we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
5.	Linked Sites
If the Site contains any links to third party websites, we do not endorse, nor are we liable for the privacy practices, terms and conditions or content accuracy of such websites. You should read the privacy policies of such third party websites to ensure that you agree to their terms before using such websites.
We
do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. We do, however, share your information with our floral and gift vendors for the sole purpose of delivering your orders.
6.	Policy Changes and Consent
We reserve the option to change, modify or add to the terms and conditions of our privacy policy at any time, so please check back periodically. These changes will be posted on this website and dated accordingly. By using our Site in any way, you consent to the collection and use of your information by us in the manner specified in the privacy policy.
7.	Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, please contact us at:
FTD, Inc.
Attn: Webmaster
3113 Woodcreek Drive
Downers Grove, IL 60515
P 800-788-9000
E webmaster@FTDi.com
FTD Privacy Policy
Effective December 1, 2012
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Find an FTD Florist
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
© 2020 FTD, LLC Downers Grove, IL