http://www.southerncottages.com/terms-of-sale/
Terms of Sale - Southern Cottages
Southern Cottages
Unique • Architect Designed • House Plans • Cottage Plans
Island Cottage
House Plans
Garage Plans
RV Garage Plans
Widows Walk House Plans
House Plans With A View
House Plans With Basements
Piling House Plans
Beach House Plans
Lake House Plans
House Plans With Porches
Wrap-Around Porch House Plans
Modern House Plans
Shingle House Plans
Roof Deck House Plans
Low Country House Plans
Front Porch House Plans
Cottage Floor Plans
Coastal House Plans
Small Cottage House Plans
Hillside House Plans
Waterfront House Plans
Floor Plans For Small House
About Us
About The Plans
Testimonials
Contact
Blog
Terms of Sale
Adapting Plans to Local Codes
Southern Cottages house plans were designed to meet coastal conditions and codes in the state of North Carolina at the time they were designed. Houses on piling foundations were designed to meet coastal and flood plain and high wind zone construction in the State of North Carolina at the time they were designed. Because codes and requirements can change and may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, we cannot warrant compliance with any specific code or regulation. Your plans may need to be modified to comply with local building conditions, energy codes, seismic and soil conditions, snow loads, zoning regulations and other ordinances or requirements. It is the responsibility of the purchaser and /or builder of each plan to see that the structure is built in strict compliance with the governing building codes and municipal codes (city, county, state and federal). We recommend the use of the services of a local architect or residential design professional to verify compliance with local codes and requirements in your area.
Copyright Protection
All of the Southern Cottages plans are copyright protected under federal copyright laws. This means that the designs and plans can not be reproduced without our permission. Purchase of a home plan allows you, the licensee, to build only one home from the plans and does not transfer the copyright or ownership of the plans in any way.
The designs depicted on this web site or in any of our plan books are protected also. It is not legal to adapt, change or redraw the designs. These would be considered “derivative works” of the original which retain the copyright protection. To be safe, purchase the plan/license. With the license you can then modify the plan for your use in the construction of one home.
The Copyright Law exists to protect all parties and supports the intellectual property of the designer. It has been strengthened in the past few years. It allows for statutory damages up to $100,000 plus attorney fees, damages and loss of profit. To learn more, visit the US Copyright Office at http:/lcweb.loc.gov/copyright/
Compensation for Plan Changes Requested by Purchaser
When the Purchaser requests changes to a Standard Plan Package, it is agreed that Southern Cottages will be compensated for the time expended by it’s architect and draftsmen to make the changes to the Study Plans for Purchaser review, even if the Purchaser later decides not to proceed with the changes to the Construction Drawings.
Plans are sold as-is
All construction plans ordered through Southern Cottages are provided as-is and Southern Cottages disclaims all other warranties, express or implied including merchantability or fitness of purpose. Our drawings and specifications may contain errors, omissions, typographical errors, or other inaccuracies. The purchaser and/or his contractor must therefore carefully inspect all notations, dimensions and details in these drawings and assume responsibility for the accuracy of the same. The Southern Cottages house plans company and its employees, architect or consulting engineers are not liable for incidental, special, consequential, or indirect damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, loss of anticipated profits, business opportunity or other economic loss arising out of the use of services or any construction plans received from Southern Cottages even if Southern Cottages has been advised of the possibility of such damage.
It is the purchaser’s and/or his contractor’s responsibility to ensure the accuracy, compliance with applicable statute or regulation, and fitness of purpose of any plans or construction information received from Southern Cottages prior to use thereof. In the event that any liability is imposed upon Southern Cottages, its liability to you or any third party shall not exceed the price paid for the Southern Cottages house plan company’s product.
SouthernCottagesHouse Plans(910) 270-9778 officeinfo@southerncottages.com
Contact Us Today
Connect
with Us
Southern Cottages, Hampstead, NC
|
Privacy
|
Terms of Sale
Web Design
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Settings