https://www.newtonim.com/global/social-media-policy/
Global Social media policy
Social media policy
You can follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn for news, investment commentary and articles, information about our sponsorship and community activities and more. Please read the Important information below before signing up to follow us.
Important information
Newton’s social media accounts are managed by Newton Investment Management Limited, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, and Newton Investment Management (North America) Limited, registered in the United States as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; both are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. Our posts on social media are for UK and US persons only.Our moderators are online during UK office hours (9am – 5pm Monday to Friday). We will respond to posts, if appropriate, within these hours. If you have a specific query, please contact us by email or telephone. You should not submit complaints through our social media channels; please read our Complaints Procedure document for further information on Newton’s complaints process. Should you object to a post, or wish to make a complaint, please contact us at social.media@newtonim.com.Our posts are provided for informational purposes only and should not be considered as investment advice, or a recommendation of any particular security, strategy or investment product. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. The value of investments and the income from them can fall as well as rise and investors may not get back the original amount invested.Newton is not affiliated with Twitter or LinkedIn and has no responsibility for the operations and services of either site.We take the issue of privacy very seriously. To protect your privacy and the privacy of others, never disclose any personally identifiable information on social media. If you do include personally identifiable information in your comment, we may ask you to remove it. Our Privacy policy can be viewed here. Twitter.com and LinkedIn are hosted by their respective platforms and are governed by their own individual website and privacy policies and terms of service. We are not responsible for the terms of use, privacy, or security policies and practices of Twitter or LinkedIn. You use these sites at your own risk.We monitor activity on our social media accounts but we cannot review third party posts before they are displayed. Newton cannot publish testimonials about our products or services and we ask that our followers refrain from such postings also. Any item posted by Newton’s followers is the view and responsibility of the poster, not Newton. We do not endorse, and accept no responsibility for, third party posting or of any link to a website not operated by Newton that you may visit by following a link from a post. Newton reserves the right to block any follower who posts content that constitutes a testimonial or recommendation for securities, products or services; is deemed inappropriate or offensive; or whose social media pages contain inappropriate or offensive content. Newton reserves the right to request that any comments associated with our social media feeds that are deemed irrelevant, spam, illegal, personal attacks, offensive, confidential or proprietary information be deleted also.
Follow us:
Select your location
United Kingdom
Institutional investor
Investment consultant
LGPS investor
Charity investor
Other
United States
Institutional investor
Other
Canada
Institutional investor
Australia
Institutional investor
Other locations
Rest of the world
Investor type
Individual Investors will be redirected to bnymellon.com
Visit Website
×
This is a financial promotion. Issued by Newton Investment Management Limited, The Bank of New York Mellon Centre, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London, EC4V 4LA. Registered in England No. 01371973. Newton Investment Management is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, 12 Endeavour Square, London, E20 1JN and is a subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. Newton is registered with the SEC as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Newton’s investment business is described in Form ADV, Part 1 and 2, which can be obtained from the SEC.gov website or obtained upon request. Material in this publication is for general information only. The opinions expressed in this document are those of Newton and should not be construed as investment advice or recommendations for any purchase or sale of any specific security or commodity. Certain information contained herein is based on outside sources believed to be reliable, but its accuracy is not guaranteed. You should consult your advisor to determine whether any particular investment strategy is appropriate. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. Your capital may be at risk. The value of investments and the income from them can fall as well as rise and investors may not get back the original amount invested.