http://www.ipbs.com/privacy-statement
Home
About
About IPBS
Management Team
Products
Product Overview
IPBS/Banking
IPBS/Business Manager
IPBS/E-Banking
IPBS/Funds
IPBS/Investments
IPBS/Pension
IPBS/Report Scheduler
IPBS/Security
IPBS/Share Registry
IPBS/SWIFT Payments
IPBS/Trusts
Events
News
Case Studies
Support
About IPBS Support
Contact Us
Newsletters
Website Privacy
Policy applies exclusively to: International Private Banking Systems, Inc.'s IPBS) website located at www.ipbs.com.  IPBS adheres to the highest standards of ethical practices in all of its operations and is dedicated to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our website and those participants in our email marketing campaigns in accordance with the following terms and conditions.
Gathering and Use of Information
IPBS collects information voluntarily provided from clients and potential clients (hereinafter referred to as "you" and "your") through our website, email marketing campaigns, and any other points of personal data gathering. However, we do not require our users to submit personal information to obtain general access to our website. Information that is collected is used to improve our services to you and to better serve your software needs by providing IPBS with valuable information about your interest in our products and services. In addition, the information collected helps us evaluate what types of information might be of interest to you.
We do not share personally identifiable information with any other third party. Should our policy on the use of personal information change, we will post an updated policy on our website.
Collection of Personal Information in Forms
Certain pages of the IPBS corporate website contain forms that allow you to request information about our services and solutions. In completing a form, you may be required to provide contact information, such as your name, phone number and email address. Please note that any information you submit implies consent for use of the information, and IPBS may use the information from these forms to respond to your request and send you the information you need.
Internet users
IPBS records and stores information provided by users when browsing our website. IPBS uses cookie technology to assist in making decisions about changes to our website on an ongoing basis. Cookies help us determine, without collecting personal information, which information on our websites appeals to our consumers by tracking which of our Web pages are visited and what features are most often used. You may refuse cookies by turning off that feature on your Web browser, but we do not recommend doing so.
Links
The IPBS Web site may contain "links" to other Web sites. We recommend that you check the specific privacy policy of any site before providing any personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any changes to the IPBS website privacy policy will be posted in this section.
Subscribe to Newsletter
Email Address
Submit