http://www.hypor.com/en/privacy-statement/
This website uses cookies on your device in order to provide the necessary website functionality to enhance website navigation, improve your online experience, analyze website traffic, usage and interaction, and assist in our marketing and advertising efforts. Privacy Policy
Accept all cookies
Manage cookie preferences
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy & Cookie Statement
Privacy Statement
IntroductionThis Privacy Statement applies to all data collections and other data processing of the website www.hypor.com. Where in this privacy statement the name Hypor (whether "we" or "us" or "ours") is used, reference is made to Hypor and/or the companies belonging to the group of companies of Hendrix Genetics.Your privacy is of a great importance to Hypor. We would like to inform you by our Privacy statement about how we handle the collection of information about the users of our website. By using the website you agree to the following terms and conditions. What do we collect?You can visit our website anonymously and find out more about Hypor. We regularly collect information about the users of our website, such as browser type, duration of the visit, used pages etc.. We cannot identify you with this information. If you agree with the cookie statement Hypor collect data by using cookies. For further information about the cookies see our cookie statement. If you voluntarily provide your personal data for subscribing to our newsletter we collect your e-mail address, First Name, Last Name, and Company Name. If you have a questions for Hypor we collect your First Name, Last Name, e-mail address and Country.How do we use your personal data? If you provide us with your e-mail address or other (indirectly identifiable) personal data, we will only use this information to send you our newsletter either answer your questions. If you have indicated that you no longer wish to receive the newsletter, all your personal data will be removed from our database.The personal data we receive after you send us a question will be removed after six months starting from the date we received your question.If in the future within Hypor a reorganization will be implemented, we may need to transfer your personal data to another organization We will disclose your personal information if we reasonably believe that we are obliged to do so under the relevant law or regulations. However, with the exception of the foregoing, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, direct marketing purposes.CookiesCookies can be placed by Hypor itself or by other parties with whom Hypor works with on the website. You may refuse to place the cookies by your browser so that you do not receive any cookies during the visit of the website. You can find more information on how to turn cookies on and off in the instructions and/or by using the Help function of your browser. Hypor uses functional, analytical and advertising or targeting cookies on their website. For more information about the use of cookies see our cookie statement. Hyperlinks For your convenience, when we have included hyperlinks on our website to third party websites, please be aware that if you visit these websites, the privacy statement of these third parties, and not those of Hypor, applies to the activities carried out on you by these websites and the information that you make public there. Security Hypor is doing its best effort to secure your personal data. The website uses HTTPS, which means all data communication thru the website is encrypted. For more information on communicating with Hypor and the use of the website we refer to our Terms of Use.The rights by the data subject Right of access As a data subject you have the right to obtain from Hypor which data we process about you. If you want to do so send an e-mail to infosec@hendrix-genetics.com. Right to rectificationIf you want to have a rectification of inaccurate personal data send an e-mail to infosec@hendrixgenetics.com. Right to erasure (“to be forgotten”)If you want to obtain the erasure of all personal data send an e-mail to infosec@hendrixgenetics.com. Right to restriction of processingIf you want to obtain the restriction of processing your data send an e-mail to infosec@hendrixgenetics.com. Right to data portabilityIf you want to receive your personal data send an e-mail to infosec@hendrix-genetics.com. Data storage The data storage periods we use are compliant to the Dutch law & regulations. Changes Hypor reserves the right to modify this Privacy statement. These changes will be communicated on this website. If you continue to use the website after the customization, the Privacy statement will apply to this use. Questions and updatesIf you have any questions or suggestions regarding the privacy or if you wish to modify the personal data provided to us, you can contact us by sending an e-mail to infosec@hendrix-genetics.com. This version is prepared in April 2018.
Cookie Statement
IntroductionHypor uses cookies and web statistics. We use these cookies to see how visitors uses our website. This information helps us to improve the website. Hypor will never share data obtained from cookies with third parties. A cookie is a file that is stored on your computer. During a follow-up visit to our website, these cookies can be recognized. Cookies don’t store any information that is identifiable to a person.What cookies are used and why? Cookies can be placed by Hypor itself or by other parties with whom Hypor cooperates. Below you will find an overview of the types of cookies that are placed on the website of Hypor. If you do not want to use cookies, you can disable it through your browser.Who is responsible for processing of our personal data? Hypor, Head Office is located at Spoorstraat 69, 5831 CK Boxmeer, is the controller for processing the data as mentioned in this cookie statement.The next websites and applications belong to Hypor: https://www.hypor.comFunctional cookies Functional cookies record information about choices that you have made, and they also allow us to tailor the website to suit your needs. For example, we use cookies to save your category/segment preference. For the placing of functional cookies there is no permission requested.Functional cookies record information about choices that you have made, and they also allow us to tailor the website to suit your needs. For example, we use cookies to save your category/segment preference. For the placing of functional cookies there is no permission requested.Analytical cookiesGoogle Tag Manager Hypor uses cookies for Web statistics. We use these to gather information on how (often and long) visitors use our website. This allows us to tailor the website to visitors. The data is anonymized collected and is not used for any purpose other than to improve the performance of the website. The data collected will not be made available to third parties. Only Hypor has access to the collected data in Google Tag Manager.Google Tag Manager is a solution that allows marketeers to manage website tags from a single interface. The tag management tool itself (which implements the tags) is a cookie less domain that does not collect personally identifiable information. The storage period of the data collected with Google Tag Manager is six months. For the placement of analytical cookies, permission must be requested.Advertising or targeting cookiesHypor uses the cookie Adroll roundtrip. This is a cookie placed by Hypor. This cookie is used to measure whether an advertising campaign is relevant to you or a specific target group. These kind of cookies can also increase the relevance of the offer on its own website or on third party websites by aligning it with your surfing habits and interests. These cookies can also be used to limit the number of times an advertisement is shown. The storage period of the data collected with Adroll roundtrip is six months.Google Analytics Hypor uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service offered by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help Hypor to analyze how you use the website. Hypor has tunes Google Analytics according to the privacy-friendly guidelines of the Dutch Data Protection Authority. The information generated by the cookie (your IP address will be anonymized) is transferred to and stored on servers of Google in the United States. Only Hypor can keep track of how you use the website, to compile reports on the website activities and other services related to website activity and Internet use. Hypor has a processing agreement with Google. Google will not combine your (anonymized) IP address with any other information that Google has. Google and all its subsidiaries, including Google Analytics, adhere to the Privacy Shield-Principe and are connected to the Privacy Shield-Program of the US Department of Commerce. The storage period of the data collected with advertising or targeting cookies is six months For the placement of advertising or targeting cookies, permission must be requested.