http://www.designergolf.co.uk/privacy-policy
Intro
About
JUNIOR GOLF CLUB FITTING
Press
Home
Biomatch
Custom Fit Golf Clubs
Shop Online
Japanese Golf Products
Grindworks Irons
grindworks Variant One Woods
grindworks Wedges
Vega Golf
Vega Woods
Vega Wedges
Vega Forging Process
Hiskei
Orka
Orka Drivers- Fairway Woods - Hybrids
Orka Irons
Yonex
Yonex Drivers, Fairway Woods & Hybridss
Yonex Irons
Yonex Royal Ezone
Yonex Ladies
Geotech
Miura Golf Clubs homepage
Miura Irons
Miura CB-301 Gallery & Specs
Miura MB-101 Gallery and Specs
Miura CB-201 Gallery & Specs
Miura MC-501 Gallery & specs
Miura LH CB-801 Gallery & specs
Miura IC-601 Gallery & specs
Miura LH TB-901 Gallery and Spec
Miura Baby Blades Gallery & specs
Colour
Services
Hiskei - Premium Graphite Golf Shafts
Golf Ball Fitting
Putting Lessons
Re-gripping
New Page
Contact Us
Contact
Custom Fitting Questionnaire
Privacy Policy
Opt-In GDPR
Unsubscribe
Golf Club Repairs & Refits
Training Courses
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is very important to Designer Golf Ltd, accordingly we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy. When accessing the website it will learn certain information about you during your visit similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below) and server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our site, and the websites visited just before and just after our own, as well as your IP address.Use of CookiesA cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that sites computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.IP AddressesIP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as “traffic data” so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.Email InformationIf you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received online, mail and telephone. This also applies when you register for our website, sign up through any of our forms using your email address or make a purchase on this site. For further information see the email policies below.How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other items and services to our customers and prospective customers. We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties. We will only disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.Email PoliciesWe are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and we will not provide your personal information to any third-party individual, government agency, or company at any time unless strictly compelled to do so by law. We will use your e-mail address solely to provide timely information about our products or services and will maintain the information you send via e-mail in accordance with UK and European data protection laws.GDPR Compliance – http://www.designergolf.co.uk/gdpr-compliance/Designer Golf Ltd are committed to ensuring the security and protection of the personal information that we process, and to provide a compliant and consistent approach to data protection. Designer Golf Ltd are dedicated to safeguarding the personal information under our remit and in developing a data protection regime that is effective, fit for purpose and demonstrates an understanding of, and appreciation for the new Regulation. Our preparation and objectives for GDPR compliance have been summarised in this statement and include the development and implementation of new data protection roles, policies, procedures, controls and measures to ensure maximum and ongoing compliance. Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us,  unsubscribe instructions are located at the bottom of any e-mail they receive from us. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail.Use of External LinksThe Designer Golf Ltd website may contain links to many other websites, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of information found at any linked site. Links to or from external sites not owned or controlled by Designer Golf Ltd do not constitute an endorsement by or any of its employees of the sponsors of these sites or the products or information presented therein. By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.Intellectual Property RightsAll copyrights, trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights in and on our website and all content and software located on the site shall remain the sole property of or its licensees. The use of our trademarks, content and intellectual property is forbidden without the express written consent. You must not:·        Republish material from our website without prior written consent.·        Sell or rent material from our website.·        Reproduce, duplicate, create derivative, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for any purpose.·        Redistribute any content from our website, including onto another website. Acceptable UseYou agree to use our website only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of the website. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any other user, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within our website. You must not use our website to send unsolicited commercial communications. You must not use the content on our website for any marketing related purpose without our express written consent.Restricted AccessWe may in the future need to restrict access to parts (or all) of our website and reserve full rights to do so. If, at any point, we provide you with a username and password for you to access restricted areas of our website, you must ensure that both your username and password are kept confidential.Use of TestimonialsIn accordance to with the FTC guidelines concerning the use of endorsements and testimonials in advertising, please be aware of the following: Testimonials that appear on this site are actually received via text, audio or video submission. They are individual experiences, reflecting real life experiences of those who have used our products and/or services in some way. They are individual results and results do vary. We do not claim that they are typical results. The testimonials are not necessarily representative of all of those who will use our products and/or services. The testimonials displayed in any form on this site (text, audio, video or other) are reproduced verbatim, except for correction of grammatical or typing errors. Some may have been shortened. In other words, not the whole message received by the testimonial writer is displayed when it seems too lengthy or not the whole statement seems relevant for the general public. Designer Golf Ltd is not responsible for any of the opinions or comments posted on this website is not a forum for testimonials, however provides testimonials as a means for customers to share their experiences with one another. To protect against abuse, all testimonials appear after they have been reviewed by management of Designer Golf Ltd we do not share the opinions, views or commentary of any testimonials on the opinions are strictly the views of the testimonial source. The testimonials are never intended to make claims that our products and/or services can be used to diagnose, treat, cure, mitigate or prevent any disease. Any such claims, implicit or explicit, in any shape or form, have not been clinically tested or evaluated.How Do We Protect Your Information and Secure Information Transmissions?Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. However, doing so is allowed, but at your own risk. Some of the information you may enter on our website may be transmitted securely via a secure medium known as Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL. Credit Card information and other sensitive information is never transmitted via email. We may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.Disclaimer and Limitation of LiabilityThis site makes no representations, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of the content contain on this website or any sites linked to this site. All the materials on this site are provided “as is” without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including warranties of merchantability, noninfringement of intellectual property or fitness for any particular purpose. In no event shall or its agents or associates be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of information, injury or death) arising out of the use of or inability to use the materials, even if has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages.Policy ChangesWe reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without notice. However, please be assured that if the privacy policy changes in the future, we will not use the personal information you have submitted to us under this privacy policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this privacy policy, without your prior consent. We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.ContactIf you have any questions regarding this policy, or your dealings with our website, please contact us at clubmaker@designergolf.co.uk
Email Address
Sign Up
Thank you!
Cart (0)