https://www.7forallmankind.com/privacy/
Skip to Content
LAST CHANCE SALE | 30% OFF FULL PRICE | CODE: HURRY | SHOP WOMENS  SHOP MENS  SEE DETAILS
Home
Privacy
our privacy policy
7 For All Mankind
Privacy Policy
(Updated January 1, 2020)
7 For All Mankind (“Seven,” “We,” or “Us,”) has developed this Privacy Policy to help you understand what information we collect about you, how we use it, who we share it with, how we protect it, and your rights as relates to its use. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through:
Your use of our products and services;
Transacting via any other websites, mobile apps, or other online products and services that display or link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, "online environments");
Offline services, including our customer care center and door-to-door sales and delivery activities (collectively, "offline environments"); and
Information shared with us by other sources for our own internal purposes.
As indicated below we have provided additional information about how we collect and share your personal information and your rights with respect to your personal information. You have the right to request a copy of the information we store about you, inquire as to how we use that information, who we share it with, or to request its deletion  when it is no longer subject to regulatory or compliance retention requirements.  This Privacy Policy applies to both our online and offline activities.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or the ways in which Seven uses the information it collects about you, please do not hesitate to contact us using the information provided in the “Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy.
WHEN THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT APPLY
This Privacy Policy does not apply to:
Websites, mobile apps, or other products and services that have their own privacy policies;
Websites, mobile apps, or other products and services that do not display or link to this Privacy Policy; or
Information collected for employment-related or business-to-business related purposes.
If you have any questions as to whether this Privacy Policy applies to you, please do not hesitate to contact us using the information provided in the "Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE SHARE IT
All companies need to collect and share consumers’ personal information for everyday business purposes, marketing, and maintenance of the safety, security, and integrity of their websites and other assets, among other reasons.
The types of personal information we collect, disclose, and sell depends on your relationship and interaction with us and the “Consumer Type” below that applies to your relationship or interaction with us to learn about the categories of personal information we have collected about you in the preceding 12 months, along with the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected, the purpose for collecting or selling the personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we share the personal information, and if we sell the information, the categories of third parties to whom we sell it.
If you interact with us in more than one way, please review each table provided below that applies to you in order to learn about the Personal Information we collect and how we use and share it in connection with each particular relationship.
“Personal Information” (or “PI”) means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with you or your household, whether directly or indirectly. In the definitions below, we use the following Categories of Personal Information to describe the Personal Information we collect, use, and share about consumers:
Commercial Information
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Financial Information
Financial information, including bank account number, credit or debit card number, or other financial information.
Identifiers
Identifiers, such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol (IP) address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Inferences
Inferences drawn from any of the information listed above to create a profile about an individual reflecting the individual’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. (e.g., predications about an individual’s preferences or tendencies).
Geolocation
Data indicating the physical real world location of a person or device.
Network Activity Data
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Protected Characteristics
Characteristics of protected classifications such as race and/or gender.
Written Signature
An individual’s written signature.
Consumer Types:                       (i) Customers purchasing products online, (ii) Customers purchasing products in retail stores/facilities, and (iii) Website visitors.
Types of Personal Information and Usage by Consumer Types:
Customers who purchase products online – Category A
Customers who purchase products in retail stores – Category B
Website Visitors – Category C
Categories of PI
Categories of Individuals
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
A, B and C (latter category if a customer/prospective customer subscribes to email announcements)
Other identifiers, including signature, physical characteristics or description, telephone number, insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information
A, B and C (latter category if account is created)
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
A and B
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
B -- via third party service
Geolocation Data
A, B and C
Inferences drawn from any of the above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
A and B via third party service
How PI is Collected.
Category of Consumer
Indicate where Personal information is collected:
(1) When purchasing items online
(2) When requesting information online
(3) When making a purchase in a store
(4) When making a purchase over the phone
(5) Making an inquiry over the phone
(6) Collecting information through a mobile app
(7) Other consumer facing touch points where personal information is collected
List each third party from whom you obtain that PI (if any):
Data brokers
Data Processors
Online Customers
1, 4
Data Processors
Retail Store Customers
3
“
Website Visitors
2
“
Purposes of PI Usage.
Category of PI
List all purposes for which PI may be used:
(1) For everyday business purposes such as to process your requests, inquiries, or other communications with us
(2) To process and manage  your purchases, transactions, and payments with us
(3) Auditing related to current interactions with you including counting ad impressions and unique visitors to our website
(4) To detect security incidents and other fraudulent activity
(5) To monitor and improve our website functionality
(6) To personalize your website experience
(7) For marketing purposes to deliver content and product and service offerings, including targeted offers and ads
(8) To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services, data bases and other technology assets, and business
(9) To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or government regulation
Identifiers such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, etc.
1, 2, 4, 7, 8, 9
Commercial information including property records and purchasing history
1, 2, 4, 6, 7
Geolocation data
2, 5, 6, 7
Inferences drawn from any of the above to create a consumer profile
4, 6, 7
Network Activity Data
3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8
Transfer of PI to Third Parties
The Personal Information collected/stored as described above is transferred only to third party service providers of Seven for the purposes described above only.
TECHNICAL INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
As described above, we may collect Geolocation Data and Network Activity Data about your visits to our online environments without you actively submitting such information. This information can make your use of our online environments easier and more meaningful by allowing us to provide better service, customize our online environments based on your consumer preferences, compile statistics, provide you with more relevant advertisements, analyze trends, and otherwise administer and improve our online environments. For more information, refer to our Cookies Policy.
We may combine the information we collect through one or more of our online environments with information we collect through other online environments. We may also combine information collected through our online environments with information collected through our offline environments, as well as with information provided by our partners. We use this consolidated information to help us improve our online environments, products, and services; to communicate information to you; to enhance our marketing and research activities; and to engage in any other uses described in the "HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT" section below.
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OUR PARTNERS
As described above, from time to time Seven works with third parties who provide us with advertising services or facilitate promotional activities.  Seven requires that such partners maintain their own privacy policies and assert their compliance with data privacy regulations. Information you provide in response to such advertisements or promotions (such as your name, address, contact information, or product interests) will be shared with us by these third parties.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information we collect to:
Manage and fulfill orders, deliver products, process payments, manage returns;
Respond to requests for information and services;
Improve our products and services;
Develop new products and services;
Develop co-branded partner relationships; and
Determine how to best protect the data of our company and our consumers.
If you make a purchase through our online or offline environments and authorize us to use your credit or debit card information, we will use this information to charge you as authorized. In these situations, we may also save your contact and payment information (using commonly accepted security measures) so that you can use them the next time you want to order something from us.
If you register or open an account with us, the information we collect may be used to maintain your account, provide you with access to some features of our online environments, or offer you the benefits and privileges that typically come along with account registration. This may include purchasing products or services, use of exclusive or personalized content or activities (such as message boards), and participation in special events and promotions (contests, sweepstakes, coupons, etc.).
We also use the information we collect for other business purposes.  These include:
Sending you advertisements, notices, and other information regarding our products and services, including notifying you about special promotions;
Responding to your inquiries or support requests;
Inviting you to participate in surveys regarding our products or services;
Determining your eligibility for, and to register you in, our contests and other promotions, fulfill and deliver prizes, and contact you regarding such contests or other promotions;
Furnishing and maintaining our online environments; and
Securing our networks and online environments.
We may also use the information we collect to offer you customized content by:
Recognizing new or past visitors to our online environments;
Remembering your personal preferences;
Showing you more relevant and meaningful advertisements;
Better understanding the interests of our consumers and visitors to our online environments; and
Conducting research and analyzing the use of our online environments, products, services, and advertisements.
Some of our applications and mobile-optimized online environments may have location-based features. To deliver these features, we may access and use location data provided by your mobile device. For example, we may offer shopping features that allow you to get information about local merchants. Location information will be collected solely to deliver the requested feature and will not be further retained or stored by us.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THIRD PARTIES
Links to Other Sites – We may feature links to websites that we believe you might find useful and informative. Please be aware, however, that we do not endorse or recommend these sites' content, products, or services, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware of and read the Privacy Policy of each site you visit. Remember, this Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected or used by Seven.
Social Media Plugins – Our online environments may use social media plugins (for example, the Facebook "Like" button or "Share to Twitter" button) to enable you to easily share information with others. When you visit our online environments, the operator of the social plugin can place a cookie on your device, enabling that operator to recognize individuals who have previously visited our online environments. Please view our Cookie Policy for more information about removing cookies. If you are logged into the social media website (for example, Facebook, Twitter, Google+) while browsing on our online environments, the social plugins allow that social media website to receive information that you have visited our online environments. The social plugins also allow the social media website to share information about your activities on our online environments with other users of their social media website. For example, Facebook Social Plugins allow Facebook to show your "Likes" and comments on our online environments to your Facebook friends. Facebook Social Plugins also allow you to see your friends' Facebook activity on our online environments. We do not control any of the content from the social media plugins. For more information about social plugins from other social media websites, you should refer to those sites' privacy and data sharing policies.
RIGHTS AND CHOICES YOU HAVE ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
You have the following rights with respect to your Personal Information:
Right to Notice.  Before or at the time we collect Personal Information from you, you have the right to receive notice of the Personal Information to be collected and the purposes for which we use it. This Supplemental Notice is intended to satisfy this requirement.
You also have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories of personal information we have collected about you in the 12 months preceding your request, along with (i) the categories of sources from which that personal information was collected, (ii) the purposes for collecting or selling that personal information, (iii) the categories of third parties with whom we shared that personal information, and (iv) the categories of third parties to whom we sold or transferred that personal information.
Right of Access.  You have the right to request that we disclose or provide you with access to the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you in the preceding 12 months.
Right to Deletion.  You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information we collect from you.  However, in certain situations we are not required to delete your Personal Information, such as when the information is necessary in order to complete the transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, to provide a good or service requested by you, to comply with a legal obligation, to engage in research, to secure our websites or other online services, or to otherwise use your Personal Information internally in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
You can exercise any of your rights by using the information in the Contact Us section below.
SEVEN does not AT THIS Time sell personal information.
VERIFICATION
We value the security and confidentiality of your Personal Information. Therefore, if you exercise your right to notice, right of access, or right to deletion, we must first verify your identify to make sure that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Information. We verify every request carefully.
You may also authorize someone else to submit these requests on your behalf. To do so, you may designate directly with us another person who may act on your behalf by providing us with a notarized copy of a power of attorney, or ask the authorized agent to provide us with a copy of your written permission and a scanned copy of their own government-issued ID.
YOUR OPTIONS
In addition, You may always limit the amount and type of information that we collect from you by choosing not to enter or provide that information. To the extent that information is required in order to deliver products and services to you (e.g. delivery address), such a decision may impact our ability to provide you with those products and services.  Some of the products and services offered through our online and offline environments may ask whether you wish to opt into or out of our contact lists for offers, promotions, and additional products and services that may be of interest to you.
Emails – You can opt out of marketing emails we may send to you by following the "unsubscribe" instructions provided in such emails. If you opt out of our marketing emails, we may still send you transactional and relationship emails, such as emails about your orders and account.
Texts – You may be sent text messages relating to our product deliveries or promotional opportunities.  You may opt out of these texts by replying to the text with the word “STOP.”Tracking tools – You may also be provided with preference questions or preference boxes allowing you to indicate that you do not want our online environments to use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to "remember" the information collected on return visits, such as user IDs or mailing addresses; however, the tracking technologies used to collect unidentifiable information generally do not provide you with the ability to opt out of the tracking technologies. In addition, you may be able to control the use of tracking tools and limit retargeting activities as follows:
The help function of your internet browser may contain instructions on how to manage cookies, including an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. For more information about how Seven uses cookies, see our Cookie Policy.
The Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising program provides consumers with the ability to opt-out of having their online behavior recorded and used for advertising purposes. For more information visit their site at www.iab.com. Options you select are browser and device specific.
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to websites with which the browser communicates.  As of the effective date of this Privacy Policy, an industry standard has not yet been established on how to respond to these signals. Therefore, we do not currently respond to these signals, but we may reassess our response approach once a standard is established.
Geo-location data – You may prevent your mobile device or internet browser from sharing location data by adjusting your mobile device or browser settings.
ALTERNATIVE FORMATS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If you are unable to review or access this Privacy Policy due to a disability, you may contact us at the Customer Care Center or via the other options defined in the “Contact Us” section below to request information in an alternative format.
HOW WE SECURE YOUR INFORMATION We have instituted physical, technical, and procedural safeguards to store and maintain information we collect in a secure environment. You may also be required to use a password to access certain pages on our online environments where certain types of your information can be changed or deleted. It is therefore important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your device. You take full responsibility for maintaining the complexity and confidentiality of your password. While we have implemented safeguards, you should be aware that Internet security technology rapidly changes. We cannot guarantee that the safeguards we employ today can protect your information from the threats of tomorrow. You should also be aware that despite our efforts, factors beyond our control may result in disclosure of information. Accordingly, we are not able to guarantee that your information will be secure under all circumstances. We retain Personal Information collected through the online and offline services as long as necessary to provide the services, products and information you request or as permitted by applicable law.
MESSAGE BOARDS AND DISCUSSION FORUMS
Some of our online environments may allow you to share comments or other information. Any information that you may disclose through message boards, discussion forums, blogs, or on other public areas on our online environments becomes public information.
OUR POLICY ON CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
We do not knowingly collect or use any information from children (we define "children" as minors younger than 13 (thirteen) years of age) on our online or offline environments. We do not knowingly allow children to order our products or services, communicate with us, or use any of our online environments. If you are a parent and become aware that your child has provided us with information, please contact us using one of the methods specified below, and we will work with you to address this issue.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS Our online and offline environments are designed for and targeted to audiences in the United States (“U.S.”) and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. While users from countries other than the U.S. may access our online and offline environments, we make no representation that such environments are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of, or governed by, other nations.
Please be aware that by accessing our online and offline environments, or providing us with information, you understand and agree that:
Information collected from you may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your jurisdiction;
To the extent you are a resident of a country other than the U.S., you consent to the transfer of such information to the U.S. for our use in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and
This Privacy Policy, and the collection and use of information pursuant to this Privacy Policy, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law, with all actions or proceedings arising in connection with this policy to be tried and litigated only in the state courts or federal courts located in New York County, New York.
Providing us with information or continuing to use our online or offline environments indicates that you are agreeing to the collection, use, disclosure, management, and storage of information collected from you as described in this Privacy Policy.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy without prior notice to reflect technological advancements, legal and regulatory changes, and good business practices. If we change our privacy practices, a new Privacy Policy will reflect those changes and the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy will be set forth at the top of this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or the ways in which we use information subject to this policy, please do not hesitate to contact us by:
Clicking on the "Contact Us" link on the online environment you are visiting;
E-mailing our Customer Care Center at 7forallmankind@dgpb.zendesk.com;
Calling our Customer Care Center at 1-855-303-8820; or
Writing to us at 7 For All Mankind Online Customer Service, 15971 Santa Ana Avenue, Fontana, CA 92337.
return to top
Change RegionTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookie Policy © 7 For All Mankind. All rights reserved.