http://www.agriwatch.com/termsofuse.php
Home
About us
Services
Subscriptions
Blogs
Forgot Password?
Register now
Toggle navigation
Grains
Rice
Wheat
Maize
Pulses
Chana
Peas
Moong
Tur
Urad
Masoor
Veg Oil
Soya Oil
Palm Oil
Rapeseed Oil
Oil Seed
Soyabean
Rapeseed
Groundnut
Oil Meal
Soya Meal
Rapeseed Meal
Sugar
Sugar
Jaggery (Gur)
Cotton
Cotton
Guar
Guar Seed
Guar Gum
Spices
Red Chillies
Black Pepper
Turmeric
Cardamom
Jeera
Coriander
Animal Feed
Feed Ingredients
Others
Castor Seed
You are here:
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
At agriwatch.com we are always evolving so please be aware that we may change the Terms of Use from time to time. By using our web site, you accept the current Terms of Use. We respect your privacy. Please read our Privacy Policy. Our Terms and Policies are intended to make our web site safe and fun for everybody. We invite you to bring to our attention any content on our web site you believe to be inaccurate, inappropriate or in violation of these rules. Please write to us at iasl@agriwatch.com Use common sense when you use our and anybody else's web site. The content that appears on our site is for informational purposes only. Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time. Before you act on information you've found on or through our site, confirm any facts that are important to your decision. We encourage you to exercise a healthy skepticism and good judgment.
Acceptance of Terms of Use
Agriwatch also provides customized technical analysis solutions for commodities NOT traded on the Indian commodity exchanges. This is carried out using spot market prices and arrivals data. Using technical analysis our analysts can provide price outlooks for specific commodity varieties by location. This service is not available on our website due to its highly individualistic nature. However we do offer this as a specialized offline service. If interested please contact us at services@agriwatch.com
Rules for Submissions and Messages
If you are under 13 years old, you are not allowed to register or to participate in discussion groups. Please read our Privacy Policy. You agree not to use the site in any way to send or submit materials: that are false, inaccurate or misleading;
that are fraudulent or involve the sale of counterfeit or stolen items; that infringe any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; that violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including without limitation those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising); that are defamatory, libelous, threatening or harassing;
that are obscene or contain any kind of pornography; that contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information; that might create liability for us or might cause us to lose (in whole or in part) the services of our internet service providers or other suppliers; that interfere with the ability of others to enjoy our site; or that link to or include descriptions of goods or services that: (i) are prohibited under this Agreement; or (ii) you do not have a right to link to or include That said, we are most often a passive conduit for the information users submit. We cannot and do not review every submission a user may make. We neither endorse nor guarantee the accuracy or propriety of any submission. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO DENY ACCESS TO REGISTRANTS WHO DO NOT SUBMIT THE FULL DETAILS AS REQUIRED IN OUR REGISTRATION PROCESS.We do, however, reserve the right but do not assume the obligation to restrict or prohibit your use of our site if we believe you are violating any of the terms of use and to remove, edit, or relocate any submission as we see fit whether for legal or other reasons.
Your use of the site is limited to personal, not commercial purposes. Your commercial exploitation of the site is strictly prohibited unless we grant prior written permission.
Rights You acknowledge that:
We permit access to content that is protected by copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual and proprietary rights ("Rights") and; Except as expressly provided otherwise, terms of use and applicable copyright, trademark and other laws govern your use of such content.
You may not reproduce, distribute, or otherwise use any of the materials without the prior written consent of the Rights holder. Requests for permission to reproduce, distribute or otherwise use materials found on our site should be made to iasl@agriwatch.com. You are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on our site. We welcome links to our service. You are free to establish a hypertext link to our site so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your site by us or make use of a logo without written consent of the logo owner.
Marks. We do not want anyone to be confused about which materials and services are provided by us and which are not. You may not use any mark appearing on our site without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark.
You acknowledge that we acquire all Rights to use any posted materials as described below so that we do not violate any Rights you may have in materials you post. By submitting content to or through our site, you grant us the non-exclusive right to reproduce, modify and distribute it as we see fit in any medium and for any purpose in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. You also permit any other user to access, display, and print such content for personal use. You vouch that any material you submit does not violate, plagiarize or infringe upon the right of any third party, including copyright, trademark or proprietary rights. If non-original content is included in your posting, you must obtain permission from the content owner and attribute it.
If you are an owner of intellectual property who believes your intellectual property has been improperly posted or distributed via this website, please notify us by sending an e-mail to iasl@agriwatch.com Please note that we may access and disclose your personally identifiable information in order to address any infringement claim.
Third Party Services
As a convenience to you, we may provide links to third party's web sites. Those web sites and parties are beyond our control. We make no representations as to the content, quality, suitability, functionality or legality of any site to which we may provide links, and you hereby waive any claim you might make against us with respect to such sites and their operators. You may order services or merchandise through links on our site from persons not affiliated with us. All matters concerning the merchandise or services, including but not limited to purchase terms, payment terms, warranties, guarantees, maintenance and delivery, are solely between you and the merchants with whom you chose to do business. We make no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any goods or services provided by those merchants. You will not consider us - nor will we be construed as - a party to such transactions, whether or not we may have received some form of revenue or other remuneration in connection with the transaction. Nor will we be liable for any costs or damages arising out of any transaction (whether directly or indirectly) between you and any other person.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You agree that use of the site is at your sole risk. the site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.Indian Agribusiness Systems Pvt Ltd. , its affiliates, agents and licensors cannot and do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, currentness, non-infringement, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose of the information or applications available through the service and nor is the service guaranteed to be error-free, secure or continuously available or free of viruses or other harmful components.
You also agree that you use any data or information obtained through the site at your own discretion and risk. You will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material or data. The web site is provided with the understanding that neither Indian Agribusiness Systems Pvt Ltd.nor its users, while such users are participating in the site, are engaged in rendering legal, counseling or other professional services or advice. our site is no substitute for professional services or advice.
Indian Agribusiness Systems Pvt Ltd., its affiliates, agents, and licensors make no warranty regarding any goods or services referred to, advertised on, or obtained through our site, other than those express warranties. Indian Agribusiness Systems Pvt Ltd.itself specifically makes on any Indian Agribusiness Systems Pvt Ltd.order form.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances shall Indian Agribusiness Systems Pvt Ltd.or its affiliates, agents or licensors be liable to you or anyone else for any damages arising out of use of the services, including, without limitation, liability for consequential, special, incidental, indirect, or similar damages, even if we are advised beforehand of the possibility of such damages. You agree that the liability of Indian Agribusiness Systems Pvt Ltd., its affiliates, agents and licensors, if any, arising out of any kind of legal claim in any way connected to the service shall not exceed the amount you paid to the service for the use of the service.
Discontinuance, Modification Restrictions
We may discontinue, change, suspend, or restrict access to this service or any portion of this service at any time without liability to you or any third party.
Applicable Law & Exclusive Jurisdiction
This site is controlled and operated by Indian Agribusiness Systems Pvt Ltd.from the state of Delhi in India. Those who choose to access our site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. By using this service, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in New Delhi in all disputes arising out of or relating to this agreement or use of our web site.
Copyright
Contents on this site are copyright 2000-2011 by Indian Agribusiness Systems Pvt Ltd. Unauthorized distribution or reproduction is forbidden.
Legal
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer