http://www.cleantouch.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Close
Solutions
CleanTouch FX
CleanFill
Marketing
Products
Detail
Fragrance
Foaming Detergents
Foaming Waxes
Hyper-Series
Presoaks
Rinsing & Drying
Sealants & Protectants
Specialty Products
Tire Applications
Water Treatment
Learning Hub
Video Gallery
News
Promotions
College of Clean
Our Difference
Our Story
Our Brands
Our Service
Industries Served
Contact Us
Search
Find A Partner
Shop
(800) 284-7956
Mobile Menu
Privacy Policy
CleanTouch recognizes that users may have concerns about privacy issues as they navigate the Internet. CleanTouch is committed to providing users with a safe, secure environment in which to secure information. CleanTouch will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the information you provide remains private, and is used only for the purposes stated below.
Collected Information
We collect information about the users of our site. This information helps us determine which parts of the site visitors find most valuable as well as how we can continually improve the services we provide. User identities remain anonymous unless the User provides this information as a part of registration. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our Website.
Users may use https://www.cleantouch.com without registering, but registration must occur in order to use any of the personalized services. Our site’s registration form requires specific contact information: name, e-mail address, etc. We use the customer contact information to learn more about our visitors. The contact information is also used to contact users when necessary.
Unique identifiers (such as IDs and passwords) are collected to verify the visitor’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Links to Other Sites
https://www.cleantouch.com may contain links to third-party Websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to users and not as an endorsement by CleanTouch of the contents on such third-party Websites. CleanTouch is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party Websites. Links to third-party Websites are performed at your own risk.
CleanTouch does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of communications posted by users or endorse any opinions expressed by users. User acknowledges that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at the User’s risk.
At https://www.cleantouch.com, we use a feature on your Internet browser called a “cookie”. A cookie is a small file that your Web browser places on your computer’s hard drive to identify you as a user. https://www.cleantouch.com does not use cookies to collect any personal information about users, nor do we sell or make them available to other organizations.
You may disable the cookie function on your browser or erase the contents in your cookies file. To do this, consult the help features in your browser and program manager. However, please bear in mind that doing this prevents the Website from recognizing you as a previous user of the Website.
Feedback
https://www.cleantouch.com encourages visitors to submit feedback. Any feedback that is submitted becomes the property of https://www.cleantouch.com and we may use this feedback for marketing purposes, or to contact visitors for more information.
Privacy Policy Updates
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted here so that visitors will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about https://www.cleantouch.com‘s privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Website, contact us at: /contact-us/.