http://www.securitybase.com/return-policy
GET MORE FOR LESSSubscribe to the SecurityBase newsletter to receive timely updates from your favorite products.
Go
Don't show this popup again
Request Call For Price
Note: Please include as much details and relevant options about the item to help us match your request with an accurate price.
Home
Return Policy
Return Policy
Returned merchandise must be unopened and in good condition. We strive to get your items out as quickly as possible, the majority of our items ship with-in 24-48 hours, However some safes and customize products can take 4-6 weeks for delivery. Upon order placement, your card will be charged the full amount of the order. Please contact us directly at 1-800-616-0213 for further details on specific products. Merchandise may not be returned without our prior approval and the issuance of a Returned Goods Authorization (RGA). When returned, goods and their cartons must be in perfect resealable condition.
All returns are subject to our inspection and approval, and a reasonable handling charge. Customized products are not returnable: Non-stock, special goods, items fabricated, modified, or cut to size per order.
To begin your return order, call 800-616-0213 or send an email to returns@securitybase.com .
Please remember that Return Orders are subject to these charges, policies, and  limitations:
Shipping Cost
The customer will pay all freight on returns.
Limitations
No returns will be accepted after 10 days of receipt. No returns on ANY electrical products.
Restocking Fee
A restocking fee for undamaged returns will be charged for 20% of the merchandise cost.
Damaged Goods
If the merchandise you receive is damaged, you must contact the freight carrier for reconciliation. Please inspect all merchandise before signing for it.
Refunds
Refunds will be via Company check. 15 days on cancellation or returned of goods.
NSF Checks
For NSF checks their is an $20.00 Charge
Late Fees
2% per month on past due Invoices over 30 Days
Security Disclaimer
Security Base.com, its employees and agents make no claim that following any or all of SecurityBase.com's recommendations or product solutions guarantees in any way that your residence is burglary-proof. Implementation of our common-sense recommendations only improves your chances that an intruder will find your residence unsuitable for break-in.
Sales Tax
No Sales Tax Except In California
If you need Support or have any questions please contact us at:
Email: support@securitybase.com
Telephone: 800-616-0213 (8:00 am - 5:00 pm Pacific Time)
Fax: (714) 627-4016