http://www.liquiddreamsdesign.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Log in • Create an account • Check out
Cart
0
Menu
Cart 0
Submit A File
Email Us!
Log in
Create account
Search
×
Product List
Liquid Dreams Design is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. We believe it is important that everyone who accesses a Liquid Dreams Design website understands what kind of information is or may be collected through the website, how that information is or may be collected and used, and the measures that Liquid Dreams Design takes to protect the integrity of any personally identifiable information that you may provide to us. This Privacy Statement applies to data collected by Liquid Dreams Design through its websites (and the services available via these websites) that link through to this Privacy Statement. It does not apply to Liquid Dreams Design websites, services and/or products that do not display or link to this statement, or that have their own privacy statements.
What Kind of Data and Information Does Liquid Dreams Design Collect? Certain information that identifies the type of web browser and language, access times, the domain name and specific pages visited will be automatically captured whenever a visitor accesses a Liquid Dreams Design website. Liquid Dreams Design does not collect any other data or personally identifiable information unless the user provides it to us.
Liquid Dreams Design's websites are primarily for business-to-business or business-to-consumer purposes and transactions. A user is required to register in order to utilize the full functionality of the website. Registration requires that you provide Liquid Dreams Design with certain information that is potentially of a personal nature. For example, Liquid Dreams Design will ask you for your e-mail address, name, company name, address and telephone number. You will also be asked to create a password that, along with your e-mail address, will enable you logon and use the Liquid Dreams Design website in the future.
If you place an order, make a purchase, or sign up for a paid membership or subscription service, Liquid Dreams Design will also ask for additional information, such as a credit card number and billing address, and/or bank account information. This information is used to create a customer billing account. Liquid Dreams Design may also assign you a unique identification number that is matched against the information you provide to Liquid Dreams Design. Your personally identifiable information will also be matched against any material you upload to Liquid Dreams Design for print fulfillment.
Once you have registered with Liquid Dreams Design, each time you visit our website we may collect information about your visit. This may include the pages you view, the links you click on, and other actions you take as you view and/or use Liquid Dreams Design's sites and services. Should you place an order, request a quote, or utilize one of our interactive graphic design tools, all details of any such transaction will be captured.
If you place an order and upload a data file to Liquid Dreams Design for print fulfillment, there may be personally identifiable information contained in this data file (e.g. a name, address, telephone number and e-mail address on a business card file). This information may be yours or that of someone else. If it belongs to someone else, we will assume that this person has authorized you to forward this data to Liquid Dreams Design. If you are not authorized to send such data to Liquid Dreams Design, you should not upload the file. What Use Does Liquid Dreams Design Make Of The Information It Collects? Liquid Dreams Design uses the information it collects through its websites to operate and improve these websites, deliver the services or carry out the transactions you have requested, administer you account and generally operate our business.
We may use the information we collect in conjunction with analytic tools to help us determine the level of services and products we offer, improve the ease of use of our sites or services (such as by remembering information you have already entered), enhance our customer service, and to display content that can be tailored to specific customer interests, preferences and/or market segments.Liquid Dreams Design does not support third-party advertising on its websites, however, Liquid Dreams Design may promote Liquid Dreams Design products, services, special promotions, new features, etc., on the websites and we may use some of the information we collect in order to personalize the promotions that may appear when you access our sites. The ads that you may receive may be selected based on your chosen membership level, product categories previously ordered, pages you have viewed and links you have clicked when using Liquid Dreams Design websites.
The personal information collected on Liquid Dreams Design's websites may also be used to directly communicate with you. Your e-mail, mailing and/or billing address may be used for welcome letters, order confirmation, upload confirmation, job status updates, billing information and reminders, and technical service issues. Liquid Dreams Design may also occasionally send you product or customer service surveys, or promotional correspondence to inform you of other products or services available from Liquid Dreams Design. Information contained in data files uploaded to Liquid Dreams Design for print fulfillment is received and stored by Liquid Dreams Design, but we do not use this information for any purpose other than fulfilling the requested print job. Liquid Dreams Design Does Not Share Your Personal Information.
Except for the limited Liquid Dreams Design-related purposes described in this Statement, your personally identifiable information is not disclosed outside of Liquid Dreams Design. We do not sell, rent or lease your name, billing or mailing address, e-mail address, phone number or other personally identifiable information to others.
Some personally identifiable information that you provide to Liquid Dreams Design must necessarily be disclosed outside of Liquid Dreams Design in order for us to provide our services to you. For example, to ship an order we must disclose the shipping information required by the carrier. Liquid Dreams Design may also retain third parties to provided limited services on our behalf, such as hosting websites, programming development, transaction processing, or performing statistical analysis of our service offerings. Under certain circumstances, these third party companies may need or be given access to personally identifiable information in order to deliver their services to Liquid Dreams Design. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.
We may access and/or disclose your personal information if we believe such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or any legal process served on Liquid Dreams Design; (b) respond to authorized requests of governmental or law enforcement agencies; (c) protect and defend the rights or property of Liquid Dreams Design (including the enforcement of our agreements); and/or (d) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Liquid Dreams Design services or members of the public.
Circumstances may arise when, for business purposes, Liquid Dreams Design may decide to sell, merge, acquire or otherwise reorganize its business. Any such transaction may involve the disclosure and/or receipt of personally identifiable information to or from a prospective buyer, seller, merger partner, etc. For these types of transactions, Liquid Dreams Design will seek appropriate protection for any personally identifiable information subject to disclosure.
The Security of Your Personal Information.
Liquid Dreams Design uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. Sensitive information, such as a credit card number, is protected through the use of encryption technology such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol, and is maintained in an encrypted database. Please note that we do not regard any of the information provided to us in data files uploaded to us for print fulfillment as sensitive information requiring encryption.
When you register with Liquid Dreams Design the password you choose is only as effective as you make it. It is your responsibility to choose an appropriate password and to keep it confidential. You should not share this information with anyone, and you should always log out of a Liquid Dreams Design website or service before leaving your computer to protect against others being able to access your information. If you believe your password has been compromised in any way you should immediately change it by logging on and following the instructions or by calling Liquid Dreams Design's Customer Service for assistance.
Hackersafe Certification.
Liquid Dreams Design websites are protected and certified as being safe from hackers by McAfee's Hacker Safe service.
Accessing Your Personal Information.
You may have the ability to view online the personal information that you provide to Liquid Dreams Design. To prevent your personal information from being viewed by others, you will be required to sign in with your e-mail address and password to gain access to your account information.If your account information is incorrect or needs to be changed or updated, you may do so online or by calling Liquid Dreams Design's Customer Service for assistance.
If you have any trouble accessing your account you may call Liquid Dreams Design's Customer Service for assistance. You may be asked to provide proof of your identity before our Customer Service representatives will provide any information related to your account.
Children's Privacy.
Liquid Dreams Design's websites are primarily for business-to-business purposes and transactions and we do not intend to or knowingly collect information on, or target our services or websites to children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and guardians to be active in monitoring their children's online activities.
Use of Cookies.
Liquid Dreams Design's websites use "cookies" to enable you to sign in to our services, help personalize your online experience and to record your online transactions. A cookie is a small text file that will be created at Liquid Dreams Design's request by the browser you are using and then stored on your computer's hard drive. By using cookies, Liquid Dreams Design is able to store your preferences and other information on your computer. This saves you time by eliminating the need to enter the same information each time you visit our website or browse pages within a website, and allows Liquid Dreams Design to personalize the website content on your later visits to these sites. Automatic acceptance of cookies is typical for most browsers. You usually have the ability to selectively accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser settings. If you choose to decline cookies from Liquid Dreams Design, however, you may not be able to sign in or use the other interactive features of our sites and services that are dependent upon cookies. For example, you will not be able to place orders online, as our shopping cart functionality requires the use of cookies.
Changes to This Privacy Statement.
From time to time, Liquid Dreams Design may update and revise this Privacy Statement to reflect changes in our policies, services and/or in response to our customers' feedback. When we do make changes to this Privacy Statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Statement. Because we reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time, please make sure that you review it frequently.