https://www.suffolk-automation.co.uk/privacy-policy/
info@suffolk-automation.co.uk
01473 829188
Suffolk Automation
Navigation
info@suffolk-automation.co.uk
01473 829188
Close
Home
About us
Careers
Testimonials
Services
Software
Control panels
Installations
Temperature control
Weighing and dosing
Sectors
Malting
Milling
Brewing
Animal feed
Case studies
Latest news
Contact
Address
Unit 4, Hadleigh Enterprise Park,
Crockatt Road, Hadleigh, Suffolk IP7 6RJ
Phone
01473 829188
Email
info@suffolk-automation.co.uk
Website Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Suffolk Automation Ltd uses and protects any information that you give Suffolk Automation Ltd when you use this website.
Suffolk Automation Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Suffolk Automation Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 20-05-2018
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
• name and job title
• contact information including email address
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
• Internal record keeping.
• We may use the information to improve our products and services.
• We may periodically send emails about new products or services, or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. We will only release information if we are required to do so by law.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you at any time. If you would like a details please write to Suffolk Automation Limited, Hadleigh Enterprise Park, Crockatt Road, Hadleigh, Suffolk IP7 6RJ
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Case StudyControl System SCADA Software
Case StudyControl System For a Steeps Water Heat Recovery System
Case StudyDesign and Development Silo Temperature Control
About Us
Suffolk Automation was established in 1998 to provide full turnkey projects for companies in the manufacturing industry.
Site links
Contact
Latest news
Case studies
Privacy policy
Call us today
01473 829188
Email
info@suffolk-automation.co.uk
Address
Unit 4, Hadleigh Enterprise Park,
Crockatt Road, Hadleigh, Suffolk IP7 6RJ
back to top
Copyright ©2020 Suffolk Automation
|
All rights reserved
Marketing by Unity Online