http://www.stapleton-spence.com/privacy-policy.php
Menu
Call: 408-297-8815
California Dried Fruit
Home
Products
Bulk Prunes
Canned Prunes
Juice
Concentrates and Purees
Specs & Nutrition
CoPacking
Contract Packaging
Export
Company
About Stapleton-Spence
Certifications
Food Safety
USDA Standards
Warehouse Locations
Resources
News
Store
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Last Modified 03/12/2020
Stapleton-Spence Packing Company ("Stapleton's", "California Copackers", "we", "our") is committed to earning and keeping your respect and trust. This privacy policy addresses information we collect when you access our websites or purchase our products and services. To protect your privacy, personal data ("information") we collect about you is not rented, sold, shared or otherwise disclosed except as necessary to provide products, services and support, improve the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising, and to personalize your experience.
How Stapleton's Protects Your Personal Information
Stapleton's takes great effort to implement and maintain the highest standards of security to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use. These efforts include website security, email authentication, encryption, firewall settings, password policies and secured buildings.
Personal Information We May Collect
Website Visitor Information. Information gathered by website analytics programs (Google Analytics, Google Ads, Bing Ads). This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, device IDs, age, gender, geographical location, browser, operating system, as well as other visitor information.
Contact Information. Your name, email address, billing address, mailing address, phone number, purchase history, and other similar contact information.
Social Media. Information gathered by social media platforms for which we have a profile (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube).
Credentials. Usernames, email addresses, passwords, and similar security information used for authentication and securing accounts.
Payment Information. Information to process transactions such as credit card number and other similar information.
Customer Communication. Information you provide to us including but not limited to emails, contact form submissions, survey responses, correspondence, phone conversations, Fax, SMS (texting), and reviews.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data file stored on your device (i.e. computer, tablet, cell phone, etc.) that contains information that helps us remember things like products placed in your shopping cart. We use cookies to manage your website experience, advertise, and use analytics. Visit https://www.aboutcookies.org/ to understand how you can delete and control the cookies that are stored on your computer. If you reject certain cookies, understand that you may not be able to access all the features of our website.
Managing Your Preferences
You can access, correct, update, or request deletion of your website account or personal data by managing your account settings or by contacting Stapleton's. Stapleton's acts as a data controller for information we process about you. For requests, questions, comments, or complaints, please email privacy@stapleton-spence.com.
Newsletter. Our opt-in newsletter provides a way for users to unsubscribe. To "opt-out" or unsubscribe, please follow the instructions on the bottom of the newsletter to unsubscribe.
Cookies. Set your browser settings to manage your cookie preferences. Visit https://www.aboutcookies.org/ to learn more.
Passwords. Set long unique passwords of 12 characters or more using upper case, lower case, numbers and special characters.
Analytics. You may download and install Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Other Third Party Applications. We encourage you to read each vendor's privacy policy and terms of use, including those for ads, analytics, and social media, to understand how your personal information is managed and if desired, inquire on how to opt-out.
Privacy Policy Changes
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. If we make any changes, we will update the "last modified" date to reflect the latest update. We encourage you to check our privacy policy periodically. Continued use of our website and your accounts represents acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Stapleton-Spence Packing Company
1900 Highway 99
Gridley, CA 95948
United States
408-297-8815
www.stapleton-spence.com
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
I am a:
dietician / nutritionist /   menu planner
food service vendor
grower / manufacturer
consumer
Privacy Policy
Our Certifications
Contact Information
Stapleton-Spence Packing Company1900 Highway 99, Gridley, CA 95948
Contact Us by Email
Sales and Marketing408-297-8815 (voice)
Processing Plant530-846-5200 (voice)530-846-3072 (fax)
Home
Products
Contract Packaging
Export
Company
News
Store
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
©2020 Stapleton-Spence Packing Co. All rights reserved.