http://www.indexers.org.uk/cookie-policy
News | Events
Search for:
About Us
Aims and objectives
Governance and management
Who’s who? EB and office holders
Governing documents
Code of Professional Conduct
Privacy Policy
Membership
Benefits of membership
Membership grades
How to join
Join Us
Local groups
History
Awards
The Bernard Levin Award
The Betty Moys Award
The Carey Award
Wheatley Medal
Henry Benjamin Wheatley
About Indexing
About indexing
Indexing and electronic publishing
Information for publishers
In-house workshop: Indexing for editors
Children’s books
Authors and indexes
A career in indexing
Find an Indexer
Commissioning an index
Indexing fees
SI Directory of Professional Indexers
Training & Development
Indexing qualifications
Training course
Course overview/features
Membership and Accreditation
English proficiency
Module content
Additional Course Components
Prices and ordering
Study, Tests and Assignments
A career in indexing
Accreditation: experience route
Information
Accreditation: experience route – Application
Conferences
Conference 2020: ‘New Decade, New Directions’
Workshops
Online workshops
Active indexing: creating indexes for eBooks
Embedded Indexing In MS Word
How to edit an index: creating order out of chaos
Indexing basics
Indexing for editors
Writing index entries: finding the words
Workshop topics
Workshops for local groups
Non-SI workshops
Resources
Information leaflets
SI publications
Online shop
The Indexer
SIdelights: the SI newsletter
Books on indexing
Other indexing societies
Contact
Register
Log In
Home » Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer’s hard drive to help store your user preferences, login and session states, analyse web traffic or let you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookies used on this site
The following cookies may be set.
System specific: Visit this link for more information
Google Analytics: __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz: We use Google Analytics to monitor and report on our website usage such as the number of visitors to the site, search phrases used to find us, pages visited on the site and time spent on the site. The statistics gathered are a necessary requirement in order for us to provide and improve our value added products and services and to stay competitive. The cookies do not identify users nor associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Google’s privacy policy is found here: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Third-party cookies
Our website uses features of other websites that may leave a cookie. These are third-party cookies and we are unable to block or prevent them without removing the feature from our site. For information about those cookies you would need to check the originator’s website for their cookie policy. Third-parties cookies left are as follows:
Facebook: Our website utilises the Facebook Like button functionality to share content. If a user clicks the Like button and logs into Facebook via our website, Facebook will leave a cookie on the users computer. This is the same process as if the user logs into Facebook directly, or clicks Like on any other website. Facebooks privacy policy is set out here: http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
How to disable cookies
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Our site requires cookies to function, click here for more information
Ok, thank you
Society of Indexers, Woodbourn Business Centre, 10 Jessell Street, Sheffield S9 3HY
admin@indexers.org.uk
Copyright © 2020 Society of Indexers
The Society of Indexers is a company limited by guarantee and incorporated in England and Wales.
Reg No 6303822. Regtd office: Woodbourn Business Centre, 10 Jessell Street, Sheffield S9 3HY.
Home
Privacy
Copyright
Disclaimer
Cookie Policy
Sitemap