https://www.medicalmutual.com/allied-healthcare-policy
Allied Healthcare Services Access to first-class servicesto foster best practices
BethRisk Manager
It takes more than physicians and hospitals to provide comprehensive healthcare.
In addition to physicians and hospitals, Medical Mutual offers professional liability insurance to select clinics, laboratories and other allied providers of healthcare services.
When you purchase your professional liability insurance from Medical Mutual, you also get access to first-class and complimentary risk management services that foster best practices in your patient care operations. Medical Mutual also offers integrated general liability insurance to help close potential coverage gaps.
Claims-Made Coverage
Medical Mutual writes all of its professional medical liability insurance coverage on a claims-made basis, which means you will have protection for claims which arise out of covered professional services you provide following your initial effective date (or retroactive date) of coverage. So, any claims filed against your facility or organization today are covered by current policy limits, even though your limits may have been lower at the time of the incident in question. Each claims-made policy features per-claim and aggregate limits of your choice.
Program Flexibility
In securing Medical Mutual professional liability coverage, you can select the deductible for damages that makes the most sense for you, given the scope and nature of your service — indemnity-only or indemnity and expenses starting as low as $5,000 per claim, to an upper end in the hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The typical Medical Mutual claims-made professional liability policy includes coverage for:
Provision or failure to provide health care services
Furnishing of food, beverages, medications or appliances
Post-mortem care
Lawful activities of a formal accreditation, credentialing and quality assurance committee
Reasonable costs associated with defense of a claim up to $250 per day
Cyber Coverage
Medical Mutual's medical professional liability policies for allied healthcare facilities and services includes $100,000 of base coverage* to offset the costs associated with responding to patient data breaches per the mandates of the Federal HIPAA and HITECH Acts. These include costs related to:
Multimedia Liability
Security & Privacy
Privacy Regulatory Defense & Penalties
Privacy Breach Response
Network Asset Protection
Cyber Extortion
Cyber Terrorism
The coverage also includes access to a team of nationally-recognized specialists in IT forensic analysis, network security and, if necessary, data restoration, to assess and manage the technical aspects of the response. In addition, the coverage includes experts in HIPPA/HITECH-related patient notification, public relations, credit monitoring and other response services to help you meet your Federally-mandated obligations. Up to $10 million in additional cyber coverage is available. Ask your agent or Medical Mutual Underwriter for details.
* Excludes Volunteer, Umbrella Excess and Managed Healthcare Liability Policies.
General Liability Insurance
In a healthcare facility setting, gray areas can exist between professional liability and general liability. Medical Mutual's integrated general liability coverage helps close any potential gaps created by those gray areas, thereby avoiding the inevitable finger-pointing that could otherwise result from having separate carriers for the two areas of risk.
Medical Mutual writes the general liability portion of your coverage on an occurrence basis. As such, Medical Mutual is responsible for covering those general liability claims made against your institution for incidents that occur while the policy is in force, regardless of when the claim is filed.
Medical Mutual's general liability insurance for allied healthcare facilities and services covers:
Bodily injury
Property damage
Personal injury
Medical payments for premises claims up to $5,000
Fire legal liability
Patient's personal property $1,000 limit/$100 deductible
Non-Assessable Policy
You cannot be assessed back-charges if prior years' rates are proven to have been inadequate.
Insurance
Insurance Overview
Hospitals & Health Systems
Physician and Group Practices
Allied Healthcare Services
Nursing Homes
Applications
Payment Options
Coverage Verifications
Insurance Agents
Why Medical Mutual
About Us
Claims
Insurance
Risk Management
HOW CAN WE HELP?
207.775.2791
Toll free
1.800.942.2791
Terms
Privacy Policy
Contact:
Phone: 207.775.2791
Toll Free: 1.800.942.2791
Email: info@medicalmutual.com