http://www.badgeparts.com/about-badge-parts-inc/privacy-policy/
Menu
Main
Products
Support
E-mail Deals
About
Contact Us
Your Cart
Privacy Policy
SECTION I: WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address, and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
SECTION II: CONSENT
Q: How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery, or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
Q: How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at sales@badgeparts.com or by postal mail:
Badge Parts, Inc.
c/o Privacy Compliance Officer
1520 Paramount Dr.
Waukesha, WI 53186
SECTION III: DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if law requires us to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION IV: WOOCOMMERCE
Our store is operated using a software called WooCommerce. The program provides us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
If you elect to set up an account with us, WooCommerce will store your shipping and billing info.
Your credit card information is not stored on our server, and is only used to process your transaction through third-party processing services, which maintain their own policies regarding data storage and privacy.
SECTION VI: THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use, and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies, so you can understand the way your personal information will be handled by these providers.
Remember that certain providers may be in or have facilities that are in a different authority than either you or us. So, if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the authority(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, our Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service no longer apply.
Links
If you encounter links on our site to third party sites, they will direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Email Marketing
In the even that we introduce e-mail marketing services to our site, we will, with your permission,  send you emails about our store, new products, and other updates.
SECTION VI: SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure your information is not lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) with 256 bit encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION VII: AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION VIII: CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information to contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at sales@badgeparts.com or by postal mail:
Badge Parts, Inc.
c/o Privacy Compliance Officer
1520 Paramount Dr.
Waukesha, WI 53186
About Badge Parts
Company Bio
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Customer Support
My Account
Manuals, Guides & Templates
Shipping Info
Contact Us
(262) 650-9991 (Direct)
(800) 776-3633 (Toll-Free)
(262) 650-9992 (FAX)
1520 Paramount Dr. Waukesha, WI 53186