https://www.icselect.com/privacy.html
News •
Contact Us •
Get a Quote •
Login
Home
Products
All Products
GPIB Controllers
GPIB Interfaces
Ethernet (VXI-11) to GPIB
Ethernet Interfaces
Serial Interfaces
VXI Bus Products
Selection Guides
Short Form Catalog
Obsolete Replacements
Design Support
Application Notes
GPIB Tutorial
VXI-11 Tutorial
Product Manuals
VXI-11 Specifications
VXI Module Layouts
Contact Support
Downloads
GPIB Drivers
GPIB Config Program
GPIB AnyWhere
Keyboard Programs
239x Support Utilities
48xx Product Updates
80xx Product Updates
90xx Product Updates
LabVIEW Drivers
Product Manuals
Program Examples
USB Installer
Company
About ICS
Map to ICS
Contact Us
US Sales Representatives
International Distributors
Privacy Policy
LEGAL NOTICES
This page contains the legal notices, privacy policy and copyright notice for ICS Electronics, for
https://www.icselect.com and for our other websites.
Protecting Your Privacy
ICS Electronics wants you, our customers and visitors to www.icselect.com and to our other web
site(s), to know how information about you is used. Our privacy policy
is outlined below and describes our information gathering and usage practices.
By visiting our web site(s) and divulging information you agree to accept
our Privacy Policy.
ICS wants to take this opportunity to assure you that we do not rent,
sell or make otherwise make available to third parties any user information collected via our web
site(s) or in the normal course of business.
We are firmly committed to guarding the confidence
you have placed in our company and to use any information you volunteer
responsibly and professionally.
We collect only that information
that we think is necessary for our legitimate business interests such
as improving the marketing of our products, providing product support,
educating our customers and ensuring that our proprietary information is protected.
We are committed to using the information collected only for the purposes outlined above.
Our web site visitors from Europe should note that ICS has developed this policy with the intent
of complying with the International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles between the United States and Europe.
If you do not want to share your personal data with us, please do not fill out our message forms
when communicating with us.
Copyright Info
ICS Electronics's website design, text, graphics, the selection and arrangement
thereof, software herein and all material downloaded from the website
are the copyrighted works of ICS Electronics unless otherwise noted. All Rights Reserved. In
some cases the material may be copyrighted by a third party. In that
case ICS Electronics has obtained permission to redistribute the material.
Copies of material from this website may be made for non-commercial use
by an individual. Multiple copies of material obtained from this website
are allowed for non-commercial distribution as long as ICS Electronics
is credited as the source and our copyright notice is part of the distributed
material.
Customers of our products are allowed to reproduce the product instruction
manual, either in whole or in part, for their internal use. Customers
who deliver our products under a military or government purchase order
are allowed to reproduce the instruction manual as required to satisfy
the military or government purchase order.
ICS Electronics Legal Notices - ICS Privacy Policy - ICS Copyright Information - ICS Copyright Release
Call +925 416 1000 to Order
Home
Sales Policy
Feedback
Register your Product
Last update 1-4-2017       © 2017 ICS Electronics. All rights reserved.