https://www.sedac-meral.com/company/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyHome|COMPANY|Privacy Policy Privacy Policy3sens2020-10-22T13:46:19+00:00ABOUT USSedac-Mecobel nv/sa (Head office) I.Z. zuid – Vlamingstraat 7 8560 Wevelgem Belgiuminfo@sedac.be BTW nr.: BE 405.490.979HOW WE THINK ABOUT YOUR PRIVACYSEDAC-MERAL attaches great importance to your privacy and therefore it is our responsibility to protect your privacy as optimally as possible. We take appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized changes. Our website uses a reliable SSL Certificate (HTTPS address) to ensure that your personal data does not fall into the wrong hands.Further on this page you can find what information we collect when you use our website, why this data is collected and how we try to improve your user experience.By using this website you agree to our privacy policy.COOKIESWHAT ARE COOKIES ?Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser on your computer when you visit a website. A cookie allows your browser to be recognized when you visit this website again.WHAT DATA COLLECTS A COOKIE ?A cookie does not collect personal information such as your name, address or age, but it can remember your preferences and interests based on your browsing habits. These preferences are not linked to your name, address, or age, but to an IP address. A cookie can not retrieve personal data from your computer.WHY SEDAC-MERAL MAKES USE OF COOKIES ?Mainly to analyze visitor information, this to:make sure our website functions properlyto continually optimize our websiteimprove the safety and speed of our websiteWE DON’T SHARE THE DATA WE COLLECTThe information we collect via cookies is only used within SEDAC-MERAL and won’t be shared with third parties.WHAT KIND OF COOKIES ARE THERE ?There are 4 categories :ESSENTIAL COOKIES: These cookies are necessary for the website to function properly. They ensure that basic functions can work such as page navigation, security and load time.FUNCTIONAL COOKIES: Functional cookies will remember your choices and preferences so that you do not have to enter them on a subsequent visit. Examples: language choice, login details, region where you live …ANALYTICAL COOKIES: These cookies collect analytical information about the surfing behavior of the visitors of our website as well as the performance of the website, type of device or browser the visitor uses, … The intention is mainly to analyze how the website and general browsing experience can be optimized.MARKETING COOKIES: Marketing cookies analyze the surfing behavior of the website visitor and put together a user profile on that basis. That profile is then used to tailor the browsing experience to that specific visitor so that personalized offers, advertisements, newsletters, … can be displayed that match your interests.WHAT KIND OF COOKIES ARE USED ON THE SEDAC-MERAL WEBSITE ?Google Analytics: for measuring surfing behaviorWe use Google Analytics to gather information about how you have searched our website. We do this to analyze surfing behavior in order to improve our website.Google Analytics will save the following info:Visited pages from https://www.sedac-meral.comHow long have you stayed on the websiteWhich links you clicked on during your visitImportant to know :Your visit is completely anonymous so no personal information will be stored such as your name and address. We also do not allow Google to use or share our analytical data for other purposes. Furthermore, we have concluded a processing agreement with Google.Google Analytics makes use of the following cookies:CookiePurposeExpires after_gaHelps us to count how many visitors we have had and whether you have visited our website before2 year_gidHelps us to count how many visitors we have had and whether you have visited our website before24h_gatServes to limit the number of requests for websites with a high number of visitors10 min_utmaHelps us to find out if you've visited our site before. This to find out how many new visitors we have compared to returning visitors2 year_utmbServes to determine how much time you spend on our website30 min_utmcWorks in collaboration with _utmb to check when you have closed your web browserAfter closing yoiur web browser_utmzTell us how you ended up on our website (eg via other website, search engine, direct, ...)6 monthsIS THERE A WAY TO DISABLE GOOGLE ANALYTICS COOKIES ?Yes, you can change the settings by using the following link:TRACKING SETTINGSHOW CAN YOU MANAGE COOKIES FROM YOUR BROWSER?If desired, cookies can also be disabled or removed. At the bottom there are links with more information about how you  get access to your cookie settings (for the most popular browsers):Google Chrome : click hereMozilla Firefox : click hereInternet Explorer : click hereEdge : click hereSafari : click hereCONTACT FORMPROCESS DATA THROUGH CONTACT FORMSEDAC-MERAL may process personal data about you by providing this information to SEDAC-MERAL via the contact form on the website. This concerns the following data:your namecompanye-mail addresssubjectmessageWHY SEDAC-MERAL NEEDS THIS INFORMATIONSEDAC-MERAL processes your personal data in order to be able to contact you afterwards by telephone (if you request it), and/or to be able to contact you in writing (by e-mail and / or by post) if you can not be reached by telephone.HOW LONG WE KEEP THIS DATASEDAC-MERAL does not store your personal data longer than strictly necessary to achieve the goals for which your data is collected. Your data will not be stored for more than a year if no agreement is reached with you.PURPOSESSEDAC-MERAL does not collect or use information for purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy, unless we have obtained your consent in advance.THIRD PARTIESThe information we obtain from our website will not be shared with third parties, unless you are asked to do so and you have explicitly given permission (via active opt-in). It may happen that data is also shared internally (within SEDAC-MERAL). Our employees are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your data.LOOK AT, CUSTOMIZE OR REMOVAL OF YOUR DATAYou have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. You can send a request for access, correction or deletion to info@sedac.be.SEDAC-MERAL will try to process your request as quickly as possible (within 2 weeks).VERSION PRIVACY POLICYSEDAC-MERAL has the right to change this privacy statement. Our privacy statement was last modified on 3/1/2019.
We use cookies for analytical purposes to improve your browsing experience. By continuing to use this website you agree to this. More informationOK
Go to Top