https://www.mastersfinancialgroup.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this Website or any of our other Websites. By accessing or using our sites, you agree to the following terms and conditions. You should review these terms and conditions regularly as they may change at any time at our sole discretion. If you do not agree to any term or condition, you should not access or otherwise use our sites. The following terms and conditions apply to all of our Websites, including any Websites owned, operated or sponsored by any of our subsidiaries or affiliates. “Content” refers to any materials, documents, images, graphics, logos, design, audio, video and any other information provided from or on our Websites.
We Provide Our Website For Your Convenience Only
Our Website is provided to you without charge as a convenience and for your information only. By merely providing access to our Website content, we do not warrant or represent that:
• Content is accurate or complete
• Content is up-to-date or current
• We have a duty to update any content
• Content is free from technical inaccuracies or typographical errors
• Content is free from changes caused by third party
• Your access to our website will be free from interruptions, errors, computer viruses or other harmful components
We do not assume any liability for these matters. You use our Website at your own risk. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall we be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages. This includes loss of data or profit arising out of the use or the inability to use the content of this Website, even if one of our representatives has been advised of the possibility of your damages. If your use of our Website results in your need to service, repair or correct equipment or data, you assume the costs to the extent the law allows. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages. In such jurisdictions, our liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
We Provide Our Website “As Is” and Disclaim All Warranties
Our Website content is provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. We disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties and merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
We Do Not Have Responsibility for Links to Third Party Content
We may provide hyperlinks or pointers to other Websites maintained by third parties or may provide third party content on our Website by framing or other methods. The links to third party Websites are provided for your convenience and information only. The content in any linked Websites is not under our control so we are not responsible for the content, including any further links in a third party site. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to our Website, you do this entirely at your own risk. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that the third party you link to for your use is free of computer viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.
We Do Not Necessarily Endorse A Third Party
We reserve the right to terminate a link to a third party Website at any time. The fact that we provide a link to a third party Website does not mean that we endorse, authorize or sponsor that Website. It also does not mean that we are affiliated with the third party Website’s owners or sponsors.
If a Third Party Links to Our Website, it is Not An Endorsement
If a third party links to our website, it is not necessarily an indication of an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, affiliation, joint venture or partnership by or with us. In most cases, we are not aware that a third party has linked to our website.
A website that links to our website:
• May link to, but not replicate, our content
• Should not create a browser, border environment or frame our content
• Should not imply that we are endorsing it or its products
• Should not misrepresent its relationship with us
• Should not present false information about our products or services
• Should not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial, and should contain only content that is appropriate for all age groups
If You Transmit or Provide Data to Us, It is Non-Confidential
We do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our website. If you transmit to or post on our website any material, data, information or idea by any means, it will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and may be disseminated or used by us for any purpose. Personal data provided to us will be handled in accordance with our policies regarding privacy.
You are not authorized to post on or transmit to or from our website any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other content that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law.
Your Use of Our Website is Restricted
Our website and its content are owned and operated by us. Our website content is copyrighted and protected by U.S. and worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. In addition, our website content is protected by trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
No content from this site, or any other website owned, operated, licensed or controlled by us may be copied, reproduced, republished, modified, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. You also may not, without our permission, “mirror” any material contained on our website on any other server. The sole exceptions to these restrictions are:
• You obtain written permission from us to waive these restrictions
• You may download one copy of the content on a single computer for informational, non-commercial and personal use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices and do not modify, and will not copy or post, the content on any network computer or broadcast in any media.
Violation of these restrictions will be a violation of one or more laws and is expressly prohibited by law. If you violate these restrictions, you may be subject to civil and criminal penalties. If we grant you permission to waive these restrictions, the permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded materials and printed materials.
The following is a non-exclusive list of registered trademarks, registered service marks, or trademarks or service marks of THE MASTER’S FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. or its subsidiaries, in the United States and/or other countries or jurisdictions.
To the extent a name, logo or design does not appear on the above list, such lack of appearance does not constitute a waiver of any intellectual property rights that THE MASTER’S FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. has established in its product or service names or logos, or in product configurations or designs, all of which rights are expressly reserved.
By Providing Content, We Do Not Allow You to Use Our Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks and logos of THE MASTER’S FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. used and displayed on our website are our registered and unregistered trademarks.  Nothing on this website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of our trademarks without our written permission. Requests to use trademarks owned by other companies which may be mentioned on this website should be directed to such other companies. We aggressively enforce our intellectual property rights. The name of THE MASTER’S FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. or our logo may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on our website, without prior written permission.
You Must Obey Local Laws in Accessing Our Website
This site is controlled by us from our offices within the United States of America. We make no representation that content or materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other jurisdictions. Access to our website content or materials from jurisdictions where such access is illegal or prohibited. If you choose to access this site from other jurisdictions, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. We are not responsible for any law violations. You may not use or export the materials in this site in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. Any claims relating to our Website and its content and materials shall be governed by the laws of individual states without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. You agree that any legal action or proceeding between us for any purpose concerning this Agreement or the parties’ obligations shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court.
You are Bound by Changes in this Agreement’s Terms and Conditions
We may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting. By using our Website, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current THE MASTER’S FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. website user agreement and disclaimers to which you are bound. Certain provisions of these terms and conditions may be superseded by other legal notices or terms located on parts of our website. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any other written agreement between THE MASTER’S FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. and its customers or vendors, the express terms and conditions of the latter agreement shall prevail.
You Agree to Indemnify Us for Using Our Website
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless THE MASTER’S FINANCIAL GROUP, INC., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to us from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney fees, resulting from any violation of this Agreement by you.
Third Parties May Have Rights Under This Agreement
Some of the provisions of this Agreement are for the benefit of THE MASTER’S FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. and its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers. Each of these individuals or entities shall have the right to assert and enforce those provisions directly against you on its own behalf.
How This Agreement May Be Terminated
This Agreement may be terminated by either party without notice at any time for any reason; provided that you may no longer use our Website after you have terminated this Agreement. Provisions 2, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, and 12 of this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous
Our failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this Agreement. We may assign our rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions relating to this Privacy Notice, or for any questions you might have about our privacy practices, please contact us at INFO@MASTERSFINANCIAL.COM.
2019 Copyright The Master's Financial Group, llc. - All Rights Reserved