https://www.customlaserinc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
(last updated April 26, 2018)
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Custom Laser Inc. (https://www.customlaserinc.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection and Use
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request (for example, to request a quote for services from a third-party provider, etc.).
We operate our website like many others online in that we use cookies and other common technologies to track information about interactions on our website, such as the type of web browser, language preferences, referral site, pages visited, time and date of visit, and information like the Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is potentially identifying information. We do not sell this information to any third party, but instead use it to refine our website experience and gauge interactions with our visitors.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
Learn what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Sharing
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
In addition, there may be instances when we need to use an outside shipping company to ship printed materials or other collateral, as well as our credit card processing company to bill clients for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
We also partner at times with other parties to provide specific services. When a client signs up for these services, we will share names or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may also use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Contact
If you feel that we are not abiding by any portion of this privacy policy, please contact us immediately via telephone at 716-434-8600 or via email at gary@customlaser.com.
ISO 9001
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
About: Have questions?
716-434-8600
Quote@customlaserinc.com
Custom Laser believes quality should never be compromised and we stand by our services with confidence.
All parts manufactured and fabrication applied are 100% made in the USA.
PortfolioStransky Athletic Field HouseSeptember 15, 2018 - 1:15 pmTabernacleSeptember 15, 2018 - 11:21 amIntroversionsSeptember 1, 2018 - 12:59 pmSearch:
Contact Us: 4885 IDA Park Drive
Lockport, NY 14094
Phone: 716-434-8600
Fax: 716-439-4805
Email: Quote@customlaserinc.com
Scroll to top