https://www.bakare.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how BaKare Beds Ltd uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
BaKare Beds Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
BaKare Beds Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 29/05/2019.
GDPR Compliance 2018
BaKare Beds Ltd. collects personal information when you provide your contact details, enquire about our products or ask for a quote or place an order for our products or services. The purpose for us holding this data is it allows us to form a sales contract with you. We will use this information to provide the products/services requested and maintain accurate records.
We may from time to time send marketing e-mails and flyers/brochures to you and we do so as we believe that this is in our legitimate company interest as well as your legitimate interest. Our marketing material will be educational i.e. provide you with information about events and new & existing products/services. You can opt out of our marketing at any time. BaKare Beds Ltd. will not share your information for marketing purposes with third parties. For more information explaining how we use your information please see our privacy policy.
We use certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, and user location) to improve the quality and design of the Site and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analysing user preferences and trends.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Where we use 3rd party engineers to carry out services/repairs on behalf of Bakare Beds Ltd, we may use the information you provide to us for the purpose of dealing with your request effectively.
To provide a more localised service to our customers in certain regions within the UK and Ireland, it is understood that Bakare Beds Ltdmay pass your details to authorised Bakare dealers, in order to fulfil your request for product information and/or pricing.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Show our ads on sites across the Internet based on someones past visits to our website (remarketing).
Remarketing
The remarketing or similar audiences feature in AdWords & Facebook allows us to reach people who previously visited our website, and match the right people with the right message and we prefer to inform these people that we gather information for remarketing on our website.
How Were Using Remarketing
Were using the remarketing feature to allow us to reach people who previously visited our website, and match the right people with the right message by placing paid ads with third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, in order to show our ads on sites across the Internet based on someones past visits to our website.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computers hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
How To Opt Out of Googles Cookies
Visitors can find out how to opt out of Googles use of cookies by visiting Googles Ads Settings here:
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or contacting us.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 2018. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us on (01752) 512222 or Contact Us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or contact us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
YOUR RIGHT TO COMPLAIN
Every year BaKare Beds deal with hundreds of people. However, every so often someone is left feeling unhappy. Unfortunately, these things can happen and we have a policy of continuous improvement in order to provide customers with a great experience, which is why we have a complaints procedure. What you tell us helps to improve our service to you. We will treat your complaint confidentially, seriously and quickly. It is really important to let our staff know that you are unhappy and to give them the chance to put things right. Otherwise, please request our complaint form to initiate a formal complaints process. Please contact us on (01752) 512222 or Contact Us.
These Terms do not affect your statutory rights.
Established in 1993, Bakare is one of the UKs leading suppliers of adjustable beds, special needs cots, overhead hoists and other leading products aimed at helping people to lead richer, more mobile lives.
Useful linksProfiling Beds for Adults
Beds for Special Needs Children
Overhead Hoists
Riser Recliner Chairs
Profiling Beds  What Are The Benefits?
Complaints Procedure
Terms & Returns Policy
Privacy & GDPR
Virtual Demonstrations
Bakare Beds are delighted to be able to offer a remote video assessment & demonstration service to support Occupational Therapists & clients whilst adhering to social distancing measures regarding COVID-19. Our new SafeAssess remote assessment service allows healthcare advisers & clients interact in real time with product advisors whilst eliminating any risk of infection.
Information
Bakare Beds Ltd, Unit 1a,
Bluewater Estate, Bell Close
Plympton, Plymouth, PL7 4JH
Company Vat no. GB 643 405 947
Company Reg no. 02813000
 Copyright 1993 - 2020 | Bakare Beds Ltd | All Rights Reserved
Search for:
Search
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Home
Brochure Request
Profiling Beds for Adults
Beds for Special Needs Children
Pressure Relieving Mattresses
Alternating Air Mattresses
Overhead Hoists
Overnight Carers Beds
Changing Benches
Riser Recliner Chairs
After Sales Support
Support
Breakdown Procedure for Volker
Manuals & Quick Guides
Extended Warranties
Blog & News
About Us
Coronavirus Communication
About Us
Assessments & Demos
Remote Video Assessments
Case Studies
Privacy Policy
Vulnerable Customers
Contact
VIEW OUR PRODUCTS: Book a video demonstration/assessment online Click here >