https://www.eiki.com/privacy-policy/
Login
USA website Germany & Austria Eastern Europe China Southeast Asia Japan Worldwide
You are here: Home | Privacy Policy
Search
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Eiki International, Inc. is committed to safeguarding your privacy. Contact us at webmaster@eiki.com if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services.
By using this site or/and our services, you consent to the Processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Table of Contents
Definitions used in this Policy
Data protection principles we follow
What rights do you have regarding your Personal Data
What Personal Data we gather about you
How we use your Personal Data
Who else has access to your Personal Data
How we secure your data
Information about cookies
Contact information
User Data Tools
Definitions
Personal Data – any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Processing – any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data.
Data subject - a natural person whose Personal Data is being Processed.
Child - a natural person under 16 years of age.
We/us (either capitalized or not) – Eiki International, Inc.
Data Protection Principles
We promise to follow the following data protection principles:
Processing is lawful, fair, transparent. Our Processing activities have lawful grounds. We always consider your rights before Processing Personal Data. We will provide you information regarding Processing upon request.
Processing is limited to the purpose. Our Processing activities fit the purpose for which Personal Data was gathered.
Processing is done with minimal data. We only gather and Process the minimal amount of Personal Data required for any purpose.
Processing is limited with a time period. We will not store your personal data for longer than needed.
We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of data.
We will do our best to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of data.
Data Subject's rights
The Data Subject has the following rights:
Right to information – meaning you have to right to know whether your Personal Data is being processed; what data is gathered, from where it is obtained and why and by whom it is processed.
Right to access – meaning you have the right to access the data collected from/about you. This includes your right to request and obtain a copy of your Personal Data gathered.
Right to rectification – meaning you have the right to request rectification or erasure of your Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure – meaning in certain circumstances you can request for your Personal Data to be erased from our records.
Right to restrict processing – meaning where certain conditions apply, you have the right to restrict the Processing of your Personal Data.
Right to object to processing – meaning in certain cases you have the right to object to Processing of your Personal Data, for example in the case of direct marketing.
Right to object to automated Processing – meaning you have the right to object to automated Processing, including profiling; and not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated Processing. This right you can exercise whenever there is an outcome of the profiling that produces legal effects concerning or significantly affecting you.
Right to data portability – you have the right to obtain your Personal Data in a machine-readable format or if it is feasible, as a direct transfer from one Processor to another.
Right to lodge a complaint – in the event that we refuse your request under the Rights of Access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. If you are not satisfied with the way your request has been handled please contact us.
Right for the help of supervisory authority – meaning you have the right for the help of a supervisory authority and the right for other legal remedies such as claiming damages.
Right to withdraw consent – you have the right withdraw any given consent for Processing of your Personal Data.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Registration Information.
You will provide us information about yourself, your firm or company, and your practices when you register to be a member of our web site, register for certain services, or register for email newsletters and alerts.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What Are Cookies?") and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering and expanding our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by emailing us at customerservice@eiki.com.
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
Information you have provided us with
This might be your e-mail address, name, billing address, home address etc – mainly information that is necessary for delivering you a product/service or to enhance your customer experience with us. We save the information you provide us with in order for you to comment or perform other activities on the website. This information includes, for example, your name and e-mail address.
Information automatically collected about you
This includes information that is automatically stored by cookies and other session tools. For example, your IP address, etc. This information is used to improve your customer experience. When you use our services or look at the contents of our website, your activities may be logged.
Publicly available information
We might gather information about you that is publicly available.
How we use your Personal Data
We use your Personal Data in order to:
provide our service to you. This includes, for example, registering your account; providing you with other products and services that you have requested; providing you with promotional items at your request and communicating with you in relation to those products and services; communicating and interacting with you; and notifying you of changes to any services including important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our customer, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by sending us an email request at customerservice@eiki.com;
enhance your customer experience;
fulfill an obligation under law or contract;
We use your Personal Data on legitimate grounds and/or with your Consent.
On the grounds of entering into a contract or fulfilling contractual obligations, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to identify you;
to provide you a service or to send/offer you a product;
to communicate either for sales or invoicing;
On the grounds of legitimate interest, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you personalized offers;
to administer and analyze our client base (purchasing behavior and history) in order to improve the quality, variety, and availability of products/ services offered/provided;
As long as you have not informed us otherwise, we consider offering you products/services that are similar or same to your purchasing history/browsing behavior to be our legitimate interest.
With your consent we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you newsletters and campaign offers (from us);
We Process your Personal Data in order to fulfill obligations rising from law and/or use your Personal Data for options provided by law. We reserve the right to anonymize Personal Data gathered and to use any such data. We will use data outside the scope of this Policy only when it is anonymized. We save your billing information and other information gathered about you for as long as needed for accounting purposes or other obligations deriving from law.
We might process your Personal Data for additional purposes that are not mentioned here, but are compatible with the original purpose for which the data was gathered. To do this, we will ensure that:
the link between purposes, context and nature of Personal Data is suitable for further Processing;
the further Processing would not harm your interests and
there would be appropriate safeguard for Processing.
We will inform you of any further Processing and purposes.
Who else can access your Personal Data
We we do not intentionally share your information with any 3rd party what-so-ever. We may however transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or any dissolution.
How we secure your data
We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe. We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). We use anonymising and pseudonymising where suitable. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.
Even though we try our best we can not guarantee the security of information. However, we promise to notify suitable authorities of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.
If you have an account with us, note that you have to keep your username and password secret.
Children
We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children. We do not target children with our services.
Cookies and other technologies we use
We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyze customer behavior, administer the website, track users' movements, and to collect information about users. This is done in order to personalize and enhance your experience with us.
A cookie is a tiny text file stored which is stored on your computer and often includes an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies store information that is used to help make sites work.
When you visit a Web site, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
We use cookies to prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or requiring you to log in more than is necessary for security.
Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server's log files, also allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Necessary cookies – these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website, such as logging in. These cookies don't collect any personal information.
Functionality cookies – these cookies provide functionality that makes using our service more convenient and makes providing more personalized features possible. For example, they might remember your name and e-mail in comment forms so you don't have to re-enter this information next time when commenting.
Analytics cookies - these cookies are used to track the use and performance of our website and services
Advertising cookies - these cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are relevant to you and to your interests. In addition, they are used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. They are usually placed to the website by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. These cookies remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization.
You can remove cookies stored in your computer via your browser settings. Alternatively, you can control some 3rd party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platform such as optout.aboutads.info or youronlinechoices.com. For more information about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.
We use Google Analytics to measure traffic on our website. Google has their own Privacy Policy which you can review here. If you'd like to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Contact Information
Representative Contact
Name: John Fullerton
Email: webmaster@eiki.com
Phone: 1 (800) 242-3454 ext. 1710
Supervisory Authority
Email: info@dataprotection.ie
Phone: +353 57 868 4800
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make change to this Privacy Policy. Last modification was made May 22, 2018.
Please identify yourself via e-mail
Enter your email address
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more