http://www.hmx.cc/privacy-policy
home
stories
locations
contact
DRPG Group
0207 183 2532
back
Privacy and Cookies
This privacy policy sets out how drp business uses and protects any information that you give us when you use
our websites.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
If you provide us with personal information through this website, you can be assured that it will only be used
in accordance with this privacy statement.
Collection of personal information
We collect personal information about you when you use our website.
On certain pages of our website we will ask you to provide us with certain information about yourself, which
we will handle in accordance with the United Kingdom's Data Protection legislation.
It is our policy to collect only minimum information required to complete your request.
Cookies
Additionally, information about how you use our website is collected automatically using “cookies”.
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor
behaviour information.
This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website
activity.
Some of the pages on our site also use cookies set by carefully selected 3rd party suppliers.
None of our cookies store personal information.
In addition to this, if you go on to a web page on our site that contains embedded content, for example a
video from YouTube, you may be sent cookies from these websites.
We don't control these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about
their cookies and how to manage them.
Some of the pages on our site also use cookies set by carefully selected 3rd party suppliers.
None of our cookies store personal information.
In addition to this, if you go on to a web page on our site that contains embedded content, for example a
video from YouTube, you may be sent cookies from these websites.
We don't control these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about
their cookies and how to manage them.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting
cookies via the below website.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org
Use of personal information
We use the information you provide to process your job application. If we cannot find a suitable role for you
upon your initial
application, we may retain your application data and will contact you in the future if a suitable vacancy
arises. We maintain this
information to ensure we offer you suitable roles near you.
We will not sell or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are
required by law to do
so.
We would like to send you email marketing communication which may be of interest to you from time to time. If
you have consented
to marketing, you may opt out later.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to
be contacted for
marketing purposes, please click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email or send an email to
dpo@drpgroup.com with the
subject ‘unsubscribe’.
Legal grounds for processing personal information
We rely on one or more of the following processing conditions:
rely on explicit consent;
our legitimate interests in the effective delivery of information and services to you;
to satisfy any legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject or;
to perform our obligations under the Terms and condition.
Access to data
You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or
all your personal
information, please email dpo@drpgroup.com.
Retention of personal information
We will retain your personal information on our systems only for as long as we need it, given the purposes for
which it was collected,
or as required to do so by law. We keep contact information (such as mailing list information) until a user
unsubscribes or requests that
we delete that information. If you choose to unsubscribe from a mailing list, we may keep certain limited
information about you so that
we may honour your request. We dispose of cv’s when they are no longer under consideration.
Rights in relation to your information
You may have certain rights under data protection law in relation to the personal information we hold about
you. In particular, you may
have a right to:
request a copy of personal information we hold about you;
ask that we update the personal information we hold about you, or correct such personal information that you
think is incorrect or
incomplete;
ask that we delete personal information that we hold about you, or restrict the way in which we use such
personal information;
object to our processing of your personal information; and/or
withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information (to the extent such processing is based
on consent and consent
is the only permissible basis for processing).
If you would like to exercise these rights or understand if these rights apply to you, please contact us by
sending an email dpo@drpgroup.com
or by one of the means set out at the end of this Privacy statement. We may charge for a request to access
your information, if permitted
by applicable law.
Third Party Links
Our website may contain links to other websites provided by third parties not under our control. When
following a link and providing
information on that link please be aware that we are not responsible for the data provided to that third
party. This privacy policy only
applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes
drp may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
Contact
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
by email: dpo@drpgroup.com
or write to us at: Unit 212 Ikon Industrial Estate, Droitwich Road, Hartlebury, Worcestershire, DY10 4EU
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our policy.