https://www.analyticaltechnology.com/analyticaltechnology/gas-water-monitors/terms.aspx
Forgot Password?
Create Account
Log In
Close
Live Chat
Login
Measuring The Air We Breathe & the Water We Drink
Gas Detection
Replacement Ammonia Gas Sensor
A14/A11 Modular Gas Detector
D16 Portable Gas Leak Detector
F12 Toxic Gas Detectors
D12 Toxic and Combustible Gas Detector
D12Ex-IR Infrared Gas Transmitter
Q45S Wet H2S Gas Detector
B12 2-Wire Gas Transmitter
B14 Gas Alarm Module
B12 Wet Gas Detector
C21 DRI-GAS Sampling System
E12-15 IR High Level Ammonia Gas Detector
A12 2-Wire Toxic Gas Transmitter
A12-17 Combustible Gas Detector
C12-17 Combustible Gas Transmitter
A21 Gas Sampler
A23-14 Ozone Generator
Archived Gas Detectors
Digital Communications
Water Quality
METRINET Water Distribution Monitor
AMMONIA Monitor
CHLORINE Monitors
CHLORINE DIOXIDE Monitors
CONDUCTIVITY Monitors
OXYGEN Monitors
FLUORIDE Monitors
HYDROGEN PEROXIDE Monitors
OZONE Monitors
PERACETIC ACID Monitors
PERMANGANATE Monitor
pH/ORP Monitors
SULFIDE Monitor
SULFITE Monitor
SUSPENDED SOLIDS Monitor
TURBIDITY Monitor
UV254 Monitor
PORTABLE WATER QUALITY SYSTEMS
WATER QUALITY PANELS
ARCHIVED WATER PRODUCTS
DIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS
Company
The Smart Approach to Big Data
Introducing The MetriNet Multi-Parameter Water Quality Monitor
ATI Expands Product Line
O&M Manuals
Contact Us
Gas Detection
Water Quality
Company
O&M Manuals
Contact Us
O&M Manuals
Gas Detection
Water Quality
Company
Contact Us
Privacy/Terms
Your privacy on AnalyticalTechnology.com
We want you to feel comfortable and secure when visiting our site. We are committed to this goal. To learn more about our goals and how we protect your privacy, please consider the following overview.
What information do you collect?
Information on AnalyticalTechnology.com is collected in two ways: (1) indirectly and anonymously (for example, through our site's technology); and (2) directly (for example, when you provide information on various pages of AnalyticalTechnology.com). One example of information we collect indirectly is through our Internet access logs. When you access AnalyticalTechnology.com, your Internet address is automatically collected and is placed in our Internet access logs. We collect information directly from you in a number of ways. One way is through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files of anonymous data, which save and retrieve information about your visit to AnalyticalTechnology.com - for example, how you entered our site, how you navigated through the site, and what information was of interest to you. We directly collect information when you voluntarily submit it to us. For example, by submitting an inquiry to our sales team, the non-anonymous information is limited to that which you provide within your inquiry.
How do you use this information?
We analyze it to determine what is most effective about our site, to help us identify ways to improve it, and eventually, to determine how we can tailor AnalyticalTechnology.com to make it more effective. By keeping your cookies on your PC enabled, we can continually adjust our web site to better serve you, making your every visit better than the last.
Will you share this information with outside parties?
We will not sell non-anonymous information or share it with any outside parties. The information may be shared internally across our various service teams, but this sharing is limited to internal use only with the specific intention of positioning our teams to provide optimal service(s) to you.
Do you collect sensitive personal data?
We do not generally seek to collect sensitive personal data through this site. If we do seek to collect such data, we will ask you to consent to our proposed uses of the data. We may also collect some sensitive personal data incidentally. By providing us with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you consent to our using the data subject to applicable law.
Information security
While we take steps to maintain the security of AnalyticalTechnology.com, you should understand that the open nature of the Internet is such that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended.
AnalyticalTechnology.com is interested in maintaining your privacy and creating a valuable resource for you to use. If you have any questions now or during your visit, please contact us for assistance.
AnalyticalTechnology.com Terms of Use
Your access to and use of this site is subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. By accessing and using this site, you accept the following terms and conditions, without limitation or qualification.
Copyright and Trademark Notice
While Addison Technologies inc, may either have done the web design or maintained the site, the contents of this site including, but not limited to, the text and images contained herein and their arrangement are the property of Analytical Technology, Inc. All trademarks used or referred to in this web site are the property of their respective owners.
Nothing contained in this site shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to any copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary interest of Analytical Technology, Inc. or any third party. This site and the content provided in this site, including, but not limited to, graphic images, audio, video, html code, buttons, and text, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without the prior written consent of Analytical Technology, Inc., except that you may download, display, and print one copy of the materials on any single computer solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you do not modify the material in any way and you keep intact all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices. The information provided on this site is free of charge and for informational purposes only and does not create a business or professional services relationship between you and Analytical Technology, Inc. Links on this site may lead to services or sites not operated by Analytical Technology, Inc. No judgment or warranty is made with respect to such other services or sites and Analytical Technology, Inc. takes no responsibility for such other sites or services. A link to another site or service is not an endorsement of that site or service. Any use you make of the information provided on this site, or any site or service linked to by this site, is at your own risk.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
This site and its contents are provided "as is" and Analytical Technology, Inc. makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to this site or any site or service accessible through this site. Analytical Technology, Inc. expressly disclaims all express and implied warranties including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. In no event will Analytical Technology, Inc. be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, consequential, or other damages (including, but not limited to, lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or data) without regard to the form of action and whether in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with this site, any content on or accessed through this site or any site linked to, or any copying, displaying, or use thereof.
Jurisdiction and Venue
Analytical Technology, Inc. maintains this site in Pennsylvania, U.S.A. and you agree that these terms of use and any legal action or proceeding relating to this site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania without reference to its choice of law rules. If you attempt to bring any legal proceedings against Analytical Technology, Inc. you specifically acknowledge that Analytical Technology, Inc. is free to choose the jurisdiction of our preference as to where such action against us may be held. As you have agreed by using this site to choose the laws of the State of Pennsylvania to govern any such proceedings, we will probably choose to defend any such action in Pennsylvania and we can make this decision entirely as it suits us, without regard to where in the world you are located, or from where in the world you visited this site.
You are responsible for complying with the laws of the jurisdiction from which you are accessing this site and you agree that you will not access or use the information on this site in violation of such laws. Unless expressly stated otherwise herein, any information submitted by you through this site shall be deemed non-confidential and non-proprietary. You represent that you have the lawful right to submit such information and agree that you will not submit any information unless you are legally entitled to do so. Because of the open nature of the Internet, we recommend that you not submit information you consider confidential.
US - ATI Home Office
6 Iron Bridge Drive
Collegeville, PA 19426
+1-800-959-0299 (Toll Free)
+1-610-917-0991 (Voice)
+1-610-917-0992 (FAX)
Sales@AnalyticalTechnology.com
ATIService@AnalyticalTechnology.com
Gas Detection
Water Quality Monitors
Company
Contact Us
Home
Site-Map
Privacy/Terms
Copyright @ 2015 Analytical Technology, Inc.
ATI UK Office
Unit 1 & 2
Delph New Road
Delph, Saddleworth OL3 5DE
+44 (0) 1457 873 318 (Voice)
+44 (0) 1457 874 468 (FAX)
www.atiuk.com
Sales@ATIUK.com