https://www.athenasoftware.net/terms-of-use/
Australia/New Zealand
US/Canada/UK
Terms of Use
Thanks for visiting our site! By doing so, however, you agree to be bound by our Terms of Use policy as summarized below.
When it comes to evaluating whether Penelope case management software is a good fit for your requirements, we are happy to provide you with information and access to a demo version of Penelope in order for you to make an informed decision. In the end, however, only you can make this judgement as only you know your specific requirements and preferences.
Warranty Disclaimer
This information is provided as a public service by Athena Software.net. The information and processes of same are provided “AS IS” and without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, tort, contract or otherwise shall Athena Software.net or its agents be liable to you or any other person for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction or any and all other damages and losses, whether or not advised of the possibility of damage, under any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of the information or processes contained on or represented by this website.
This information could contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. We do not warrant that the content is virus-free or that the operation of the website will be uninterrupted or error free. Any content that you download to your computer or otherwise obtain through the website is at your own discretion. Changes may be made periodically to the information herein without notice.
Links to Other Websites
The website may contain links or references to products, materials or websites that are provided by independent third parties either directly or through frames. The availability of such third party material does not constitute any form of recommendation, endorsement or publication of such third party material by us. Any complaints that you have about the third party material should be taken up with the relevant third party.
Privacy Policy Statement
Last modified, May 23, 2018.
We at Athena Software (Athena) are committed to protecting your privacy. Maintaining your trust is critical to us. Athena has developed privacy practices based on the principles of transparency, accountability and choice.
This privacy statement discloses the information practices for Athena’s websites and services offered by Athena that collect data, including the use of our support ticketing system and online resources. This Statement does not apply to hosted Penelope database sites including SaaS offerings. For more information about our privacy and security practices related to your Penelope site please click here. Websites that link to this Statement are covered by this Statement. Websites that do not link to this Statement may have their own Privacy Statement that may be different from this Statement.
Collection of your personal information:
You may choose to give us personal information directly in a variety of situations. At some Athena websites, we ask you to provide personal information such as your name, email address, place of work or telephone number. If you choose to purchase or sign up for a paid subscription service, we will ask for additional information, such as your credit card number and billing address. When we collect payment information we use third party PCI-compliant service providers. In order to access some of Athena’s services, you will be asked to sign in with an email address or account name and password.
You are free to visit our website without providing any information about yourself. However, some services may require you to provide us with personal data. In these situations, if you choose to withhold any personal data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain parts of the website or for us to respond to your query.
If you tell us that you do not want us to use your information to make further contact with you beyond fulfilling your request, we will respect your wishes. You can do this using one of the methods described in this Statement.
We collect navigational information about your interaction with Athena websites and services without identifying you as an individual. For example, we receive certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses. We also use website analytics tools on some of our websites to retrieve information from your browser, including the website you came from, the search engine(s) and the keywords you used to find our website, the pages you view within our website, your browser add-ons, and your browser’s width and height.
We use technologies such as cookies and beacons (see below) to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on our websites.
We deliver advertisements and provide website analytics tools on non-Athena websites and collect information in order to provide you with more focused e-mail and other communications. Athena may also use such technologies to determine whether you’ve opened an e-mail or clicked on a link contained in an email.
Collecting information in this manner allows us to collect statistics about the usage and effectiveness of our websites, products and services, personalize your experience and tailor our interactions with you. From time to time, we may also collect information that pertains to you indirectly from other sources, such as list vendors. When we do so, we ask the vendors to confirm that the information was legally acquired by the third party and that we have the right to obtain it from them and use it.
While information that we collect, either directly or indirectly, may be combined to help us improve its overall accuracy and completeness and to help us better tailor our interactions with you; we do not use it to make automated decisions such as profiling.
Our website is not intended for, or targeted at children under 18, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 18 without obtaining parental consent. If we learn that personal data has been collected from persons under 18 years of age and without verifiable parental consent, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 18, please contact us at rmt@athenasoftware.net, so that we may delete the information.
Use of your personal information:
The following paragraphs describe how Athena may use your personal information.
Fulfilling your Transaction Request
If you request something from Athena, for example, a product or service, a callback, or specific marketing materials, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request. To help us do this, we may share information with others, for instance, Athena’s business partners, if they are or may be involved in fulfilling your request. In connection with a transaction, we may also contact you as part of our customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.
Personalizing your Experience on our Websites
We may use information we collect about you to provide you with a personalized experience on our websites, such as providing you with content in which you may be interested and making navigation on our websites easier. These uses include providing you with more effective customer services, making the websites or services easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information, performing research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies, and displaying content and advertising that are customized to your interests and preferences.
Providing Support
We may use your personal information to support products or services you have obtained from us, such as notifying you of a product update or fix. We may send certain mandatory service communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, information on technical service issues and security announcements.
We may also provide “Live Chat” sessions on our websites to assist you while you’re navigating through our websites or use screen-sharing, webinar and other tools in our provision of support services; we will use personal information you provide via these sessions in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
In the course of providing technical support to you, we may sometimes have incidental access to data that you have provided to us or data that is located on your system. This data may contain information about you, your organization’s employees, customers, partners, or suppliers. This Privacy Statement does not apply to our access to or handling of this information; please refer to Athena’s Security Practices for information about access to and handling of this personal or organizational information including protected health information.
Additionally, with your permission, we may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from Athena or its partners. You can opt-out from receiving promotional e-mail anytime by following the steps as described in the respective newsletter or promotional e-mail or by contacting Athena directly as per the contact methods listed below.
Marketing
The information you provide to Athena, as well as the information we have collected about you indirectly, may be used by Athena for marketing purposes. Before we do so, however, we will offer you the opportunity to choose whether or not to have your information used in this way. You may at any time choose not to receive marketing materials from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each e-mail you may receive, by indicating so when we call you, or by contacting us directly as per the contact methods listed below.
Some of our offerings may be co-branded, that is sponsored by both Athena and third parties. If you sign up for these offerings, be aware that your information may also be collected by and shared with those third parties. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies to gain an understanding of the manner in which they will handle information about you.
If you choose to “Email This Page” to a friend or colleague, we will ask for their name and e-mail address. We will automatically send a one-time e-mail sharing the page you indicated, but will not use that information for other purposes.
Athena posts customer testimonials and comments on our websites, which may contain Personal Information. We obtain each customer’s consent via email prior to posting the customer’s name and testimonial.
Recruitment
In connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on an Athena website or otherwise, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume. We may use this information throughout Athena in order to address your inquiry or consider you for employment purposes. Unless you tell us not to do so, we may keep the information for future consideration.
Monitoring or Recording of Calls, Chats and Other Interactions
Certain online transactions may involve you calling us or us calling you. They may also involve online chats. Please be aware that Athena may monitor and, in some cases, record such interactions for staff training or quality assurance purposes or to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction.
Use of Information in the Social Computing Environment
Athena provides social computing tools on some of its websites to enable online sharing and collaboration among members who have registered to use them. These include forums, wikis, blogs and other social media platforms.
When using these applications or registering to use these social computing tools, you may be asked to provide certain personal information. Registration information will be subject to and protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement, except for the information that is automatically made available to other participants as part of your profile.
These applications and tools may also include supplemental privacy statements with specific information about collection and handling practices. Any other content you post, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any other type of personal information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms, is not subject to this Privacy Statement. Rather, such content is subject to the Terms of Use of those applications or platforms, and any additional guidelines and privacy information provided in relation to their use, as well as the process by which you can remove your content from such tools or get help to do so.
Protect the Rights and Property of Athena and Others
We may also use or share your information to protect the rights or property of Athena, our business partners, suppliers, clients, or others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be affected. In addition, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, or the rights of others, or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our websites.
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party.
Sharing of your personal information:
Except as described in this Statement, we will not disclose your personal information outside of Athena and its affiliate service providers without your consent.
Athena employs other companies and people to provide services to visitors to our websites and our customers and may need to share your information with them to provide information, products or services to you. Examples may include; providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, or supplementing our support services in order to provide you with better service. In all cases where we share your information with such agents, we require that the agent adheres to our privacy and customer data handling policies.
Athena is a global organization with business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross borders. If you are from outside Canada, please be aware that you are sending information (including personal data) to Canada where our servers are located. That information may then be transferred within Canada or back out of Canada to other countries outside of your country of residence, in connection with the uses identified above and in accordance with this Privacy Statement. These countries may not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive or protective as those in your country; however, our Privacy Statement and our practices are designed to provide a globally consistent level of protection for personal information all over the world.
From time to time, we may disclose information that identifies you at an individual level and which we collected on our websites to other non-Athena entities that are not acting as our suppliers, such as our business partners. Except as described in this Privacy Statement, we will only do so with your prior consent. We will not sell or lease such information.
Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, Athena decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of such information from sellers. It is Athena’s practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.
Please be aware that in certain circumstances, personal information may be subject to disclosure to government agencies pursuant to judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process. We may also share your information to protect the rights or property of Athena, our business partners, suppliers or clients, and others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be affected.
If you provide us with your Personal Information, you have the right to:
Review the information you have supplied to us; request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in the information you have supplied to us; request that your user information not be used to contact you; request that your user information be removed from any solicitation list that we use; request that your user information be deleted from our records; opt out of being solicited by Athena. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact methods displayed below.
Some Athena services, including our support community membership accounts, give you the ability to view or edit your personal information online through a password protected account. If you are unsure as to how to update your information in our support community, please contact us through your community user account or via one of the contact methods displayed below.
Retention:
We will retain your registration information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services for which the information was collected. If you wish to request that we no longer use your registration information to provide you services, contact us via one of the methods below. We will retain and use your registration information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Communication Preferences:
You can stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Athena websites and services by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive. You may also proactively make choices about the receipt of promotional e-mail, telephone calls and postal mail from particular Athena websites or services by contacting us via one of the contact methods displayed below.
Display of Advertising (Opt-Out):
When Athena displays online advertisements to you, our ad partners, including Google and Microsoft Advertising may place one or more persistent cookies on your computer in order to recognize your computer each time we display an ad to you. From this we are able to compile information over time about the types of pages, content and ads that you or others that are using your computer, visited or viewed. This information is used, for example, to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements over and over again.
We also use this information to help select and display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out at the following website http://preferences-mgr.truste.com. Please note that you will still continue to receive generic ads.
Security of your personal information:
Athena is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store personal information we collect on computer systems with limited access. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as credit card number and password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving a website or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
Use of Cookies, Web Beacons and other Technologies:
Most Athena websites use “cookies”, which are small text files placed on your hard disk by a Web server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and to display your personalized content and targeted advertising on your later visits to these websites.
We also use cookies to improve the sign in experience. For example, your email address may be stored in a cookie that will remain on your computer after you sign out. This cookie allows your e-mail address to be pre-populated, so that you will not need to type it out the next time you sign in.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of Athena websites and services that depend on cookies, and some advertising preferences that are dependent on cookies may not be able to be respected.
If you choose to accept cookies, you also have the ability to later delete cookies that you have accepted. For example, in Internet Explorer 8, you can delete cookies by selecting “Tools”, “Delete browsing history”. Then select the control box “Cookies” and click the “Delete” button. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, will be deleted and may need to be recreated.
Athena Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons that may be used to assist in delivering cookies on our websites and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. We may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Athena may also employ Web beacons from third parties in order to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations of our websites. We prohibit Web beacons on our websites from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information.
Controlling Unsolicited E-mail (SPAM):
Athena is concerned about controlling unsolicited commercial e-mail, or “spam.” Athena has a strict Anti-Spam policy that complies with the Canadian Anti-Spam Legislation. Athena will not sell, lease or rent its e-mail subscriber lists to third parties.
Changes to this Privacy Statement:
From time to time, we may update this Statement. Any material changes to this privacy policy will be communicated to users through this Web page, so please be sure to visit this page periodically. Your continued use of the websites governed by this Statement and/or continued provision of Personal Information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Statement.
Questions:
Please be assured that we take your concerns about privacy very seriously and that we take reasonable efforts to protect your privacy. If you have questions about Athena’s privacy practices, please contact our Corporate & Social Responsibility Department:
Attention: Privacy Policy Compliance 33 Dupont St. E. Waterloo, Ontario Canada N2J 2G8 rmt@athenasoftware.net Fax: 1-519-570-3147 https://www.athenasoftware.net/contact
This website uses cookies, which help us to improve our site and enables us to deliver the best possible service and customer experience. By continuing to use this website you agree to the use of these cookies.OkTerms of Use