http://www.hilmersonrv.com/read-our-terms-and-conditions--xterms
Hilmerson RV
Terms & Conditions
The information, services, products, and materials contained in this
site, including, without limitation, text,
graphics, and links, are provided on an "as is" basis with no
warranty. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Dealer Spike, LLC and Hilmerson RV disclaim all representations
and warranties, express or implied, with respect to such information,
services,
products, and materials, including but not limited to warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title,
noninfringement,
freedom from computer virus, and implied warranties arising from course
of
dealing or course of performance. In addition, Dealer Spike, LLC and Hilmerson RV
do not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this
web site
is accurate, complete or current. Price and availability information is
subject
to change without notice. Due to the large amount of content and
information
provided, errors can and will occur. By visiting this web site you
agreed that
Dealer Spike, LLC and Hilmerson RV shall be
held
harmless from all liability and responsibility for any and all errors
or
omissions in the information provided on this web site. Dealer Spike, LLC nor
Hilmerson RV shall not be required or obligated to
honor any price if said price is incorrect or inaccurate, regardless of
whether
the information was entered by either Dealer Spike, LLC or Hilmerson RV.LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: In no event shall Dealer Spike, LLC or Hilmerson RV
be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or
consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, even if Dealer Spike, LLC or Hilmerson RV has been previously advised of the
possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence,
or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to
use, or performance of the information, services, products, and materials
available from this site. These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any
failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. Because some jurisdictions
do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, or the
exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages,
the above limitations may not apply to you.IMAGES, LOGOS, TRADEMARKS & COPYRIGHT: The images, logos, copy and trademarks contained in this site, including but not limited to the text, images, audio or
video, may not be used in any manner, or for any purpose, without Dealer Spike, LLC or Hilmerson RV express written permission,
are believed to be in the public domain or used with permission of the
respective trademark or copyright holder. The information and images on this
site may not in any way be used in any manner, or for any purpose, without the
express written permission, of Dealer Spike, LLC and/or Hilmerson RV
or the official holder of the copyright or trademark. Dealer Spike, LLC is
not responsible for the specific content and/or images contained on this site.
Please contact Hilmerson RV if you have questions or
concerns about the site content.ACCEPTANCE OF ORDERS: The receipt of an e-mail order confirmation does not constitute the acceptance of an order or a confirmation of an offer to
sell. Hilmerson RV reserves the right, without prior
notification, to limit the order quantity on any item and/or refuse service to
any customer. Verification of information may be required prior to the
acceptance of any order. By placing a credit card order, the customer grants
the Hilmerson RV permission to contact their bank to
verify name and address. LINKS TO EXTERNAL SITES: This site may contain links to other web sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third party vendors and
other third parties (hereafter referred to as "External Sites"). You
acknowledge that Dealer Spike, LLC and Hilmerson RV
are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or
through, any External Site. You should contact the site administrator or
Webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such
links or the content located on such External Sites.
×
×
×
×