https://www.aerialliftequipment.com/terms
Alexander Equipment |Terms & Conditions
(815) 933-2122
My Account
Register
Login
Bookmarks (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
RENTALS
Lifting Equipment Rentals
Slab Scissor Lifts
Rough Terrain Scissor Lifts
Telescopic Boom Lifts
Articulating Boom Lifts
Vertical Mast Lifts
Forklifts
Telehandlers
General Construction Equipment Rentals
Skid Steers
Pallet Jacks
Lifting Beams
Light Towers
Generators
Air Compressors
Storage Containers
Show All Rentals
AERIAL LIFTS FOR SALE
Boom Lifts
Scissor Lifts
Reach Forklifts
Vertical Mast Lifts
Show AllAERIAL LIFTS FOR SALE
FORKLIFTS
OTHER
Misc. Equipment
One of a
Kind Items
Show AllOTHER
SERVICE AND PARTS
LIFT SPECIFICATIONS
NEWSLETTER
CONTACT US
Click to Call
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to Alexander Equipment Rental, Inc.If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern the relationship between Alexander Equipment Rental, Inc and YOU in regards to using this website. You may not use the website if you disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions.The term 'Alexander Equipment'
or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 1511 Commerce Drive, Bourbonnais, IL 60914. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties. See our Privacy Policy. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law. Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements. This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the state of Illinois applicable laws.Contact Alexander Equipmentemail: web@aerialliftequipment.comPhone: 815-933-2122
Information
Aerial Lift / Industrial Forklift Training and Safety
Fall 2020 Newsletter
About Alexander Equipment
Alexander Equipment Freight Services
Terms & Conditions
Alexander Equipment Privacy Policy
How to Choose the Right Aerial Lift for the Job
New Standards for Mobile Elevating Work Platforms
Alexander Equipment acquires Dan's Lift Company
Site Map
Lift Specification Library
Extras
My Account
Bookmarks
Brand
Specials
Customer Service
Contact Us
Ph. (815) 933-2122
1511 Commerce Dr. Bourbonnais, IL 60914
Open: Mon - Fri 8 AM - 4:30 PM CST
Bookmarks
Social
Alexander Equipment Rental, Inc. © 2020