http://www.condylator.com/privacy-notice
PRIVACY NOTICE OF GERBER CONDYLATOR GmbH
ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE EU GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
Dear Client,
The new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union comes into force on 25 May 2018. It establishes uniform EU-wide regulations adapted to meet the challenges of the digital age and globalisation. The GDPR applies to all companies that process data from private individuals in the EU and therefore affects all Swiss companies with EU client relations.
As a result your personal data collected by Gerber Condylator GmbH from the 02. January 2018 will be subject to the new provisions. The corresponding data privacy notice of Gerber Condylator GmbH are:
Gerber Condylator GmbH
PRIVACY NOTICE OF GERBER CONDYLATOR GmbH
ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE EU GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
Privacy notice
1. Introduction
The protection and security of personal data is of paramount importance to the Gerber Condylator GmbH. We collect and process personal data in compliance with the applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations, including the GDPR (EU Data Protection Regulation).
It is important for us that you are aware of which personal data are collected when you visit our website and when you make use of our services or offers. We also want you to be aware of how we use this data subsequently. Our privacy notice provides information on this and about how we protect your personal data from manipulation, loss, destruction or improper use.
2. How safe is your data?
We take technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons. The measures are designed to ensure the confidentiality and integrity of your data and to ensure the continued availability and resilience of the systems and services processing them. Our security measures include encryption of your data, firewalls and password protection. Our data processing and security measures are improved constantly in line with technological developments. Please note, however, that you are solely responsible for using adequately secured devices (e.g. antivirus software) when accessing our websites and services in order to avoid any unauthorized access by third parties.
3. How do we use your personal data?
‘Personal data’ refers to any information that identifies, or can be used to identify, you personally, for example your name, address, phone number, email address or invoicing details. We collect and process Personal Data only if permitted by law or if you have given prior consent. We will process and store your information as long as we are required to do so by law or until the reasonable fulfilment of the purpose for which it was collected; for your revocation, withdrawal and deletion rights please see sections 4 and 10 below.
Our processing of your Personal Data depends on your interaction with us and requires your consent or a legal basis. It includes the following:
a. Contact and information requests
We use your Personal Data to process and respond to your contact and information requests.
b. e-Order
We use your Personal Data for registration in our e-Order, to process your orders and for invoicing. Your Personal Data may further be used to improve the e-Order and for marketing purposes. Your details will also be processed by our production partners and for shipping the products you order as well as to address your inquiries about products.
c. Offline and online Marketing
We may inform you about our products, services, training courses, events and customer surveys in the field of dentistry. We may also conduct customer analysis, which may include the combination of data we receive from you offline and online, in order to provide you with customized information or offers as well as courses, events and customer satisfaction surveys which may be of interest to you in the field of dentistry.
d. Course & event registrations
We use your Personal Data to carry out registration for courses and events, including invoicing, and provide you with information about the course or event. Where applicable and indicated, your details will also be processed by our cooperation partners for the execution and/organization of the courses and events.
4. Required information
If a data-collection form contains data fields that are marked as mandatory or with an asterisk (*), the provision of such information is either required by law or by contract, or may be needed for the conclusion of a contract, provision of services or the fulfilment of the stated purpose. If you do not provide the required information, this may result in us not being able to fulfil a contract or the requested service not being provided or the stated purpose not being achievable.
5. With whom do we share your data?
Your Personal Data may be shared with third-party service providers, suppliers and other cooperation partners used by the Gerber Condylator GmbH for processing your orders, requests and registrations for courses and events. Your Personal Data may also be shared with third-party service providers that provide support services to the Gerber Condylator GmbH, including, for example, printers, letter-shops, call-centres, advertising agencies, internet and IT service providers and data centres.
Our service providers, suppliers and other cooperation partners may only process your Personal Data for our purposes. Any sharing of Personal Data with third parties and affiliates is subject to their compliance with our privacy and confidentiality terms.
6. Your right to object to processing
You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data by us, on grounds relating to your particular situation, subject, however, to applicable legal requirements or rights.
If you object to the processing of your data or want to revoke a given consent, please send a short message to our email or postal address.
7. Cookies and web tracking
a. Cookies
Cookies are small files that are sent to your computer's hard drive using your web browser or other programs. These are stored locally on your computer's hard disk and kept ready for later retrieval.
b. Use of Cookies
Cookies are used on the Gerber Condylator GmbH websites: -to facilitate and ensure required technical functions, -to make our website user-friendly, -to match your needs optimally or to evaluate visits to our website for marketing and optimization purposes.
Under certain circumstances, third-party cookies are also used (for example, when re-targeting) to enable functions and techniques from third-party providers.
Session cookies are only used for the session. These cookies are deleted after the session has ended, i.e. after leaving our website or closing the browser window.
Other cookies remain on your device for a longer period of time and allow us to recognize your browser on your next visit.
c. Approval or rejection of Cookies
You can approve or reject the use of cookies – also for web tracking – via your web browser settings. You can set your browser to notify you when cookies are being enabled or to reject cookies altogether. However, when you reject cookies, you will not be able to use all our website features. You can inquire about this facility for popular browsers at the following links:
Internet Explorer https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Firefox: http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Cookies
Google Chrome:
http://www.google.com/support/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647
Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411
Opera: https://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/privacy
8. Google Analytics
When you click or close our consent banner, our website will use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies stored on your computer to analyse your use of our website. The information generated by the cookies is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
By activating IP anonymisation on the Google website, however, your IP address will be shortened by Google beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there.
Google has signed up to the EU Privacy Shield. The EU Privacy Shield can be used as a basis for adequate data protection following a decision by the European Commission to transfer personal data from the EU to US companies that have been certified under the Privacy Shield (certificate available at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI).
Google will use this information on our behalf to anonymize your use of our website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide us with other services related to website activity and internet usage.
You may prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie (including your shortened IP address) and your use of the website as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available through the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
9. Sever log files & IP addresses
Every time a visitor accesses our website, data about this process is temporarily stored in a log file (Server Log Files) and processed. The log file stores the following information:
a description of the type and version of the web browser used: -the operating system used, -the referrer URL category, -the host name of the accessing terminal, -the date and time of the server request, -the IP address.
An IP address is a numerical address of your technical device (computer or mobile device) used for accessing the internet and our websites. The IP address enables communication between computers and servers. The processing of this so-called server log data by the Gerber Condylator GmbH is required for technical reasons, website analysis and improvement as well as to ensure system security.
10. Information and privacy rights
If you have any questions about our collection and use of your Personal Data, please contact us.
In addition, you have the right to rectification (Art.16 GDPR), deletion (Art.17 GDPR), limitation of processing (Art.18 GDPR), opposition to processing (Art.21 GDPR) and data portability (Art.20 GDPR), subject, however, to legal requirements or rights.
In each case please contact us at the following address:
By email: gerber@condylator.com
By mail: Gerber Condylator GmbH, Seeweg 162, CH-8804 Au ZH, Switzerland
If you require more information about your privacy rights or wish to file a complaint, please contact your local data protection supervisory authority.
11. Amendments
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice from time to time. The amended version of the privacy notice will be published on this website with a new version date. Therefore, please read through the privacy notice again when you revisit us. Access to and use of Gerber Condylator GmbH websites and any data collected thereby are subject to the privacy notice published on the respective website at that time.
Version: May 2018