https://www.farnell.com/privacy-policy/
About Farnell
About us
Farnell EMEA
Newark
element14
Where we operate
Our heritage
Products and expertise
Careers
Vacancies
Policies
Our transactional sites
Media centre
Preparation for Brexit
Global coronavirus outbreak
Privacy Policy
Premier Farnell, known as Farnell,collects site usage information from it's
visitors.
Server log files allow us to record visitors' use of the site. Premier
Farnell puts together log file information from all our visitors, which we
use to make changes to the layout of our site and to the information in it,
based on the way that visitors move around it. Log files do not contain any
personal information.
It is also our policy to use cookies for more detailed traffic analysis,
such as tracking the time and date of visits to our site, the pages viewed
and the referring sites. Cookies are small pieces of information that are
stored on your computer by the server maintaining and operating our site.
They do not compromise your privacy or security. The cookie information
does not include any personal data about you, nor do we link data from
cookies to any personal data that you might choose to give us.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you would prefer,
you can set your browser to stop cookies being placed on your equipment –
please see your internet browser instructions.
In addition to the company's safeguards, your personal data is protected,
in the UK, by the Data Protection Act. This provides amongst other things
that the data we hold about you should be processed lawfully and fairly. It
should be accurate, relevant and not excessive. The information should be
kept up to date, where necessary, and not retained for longer than is
necessary. The information should also be kept securely to prevent
unauthorised access by other people. You have the right to see what is held
about you and to correct any inaccuracies.
Any changes to our privacy policy will be detailed in full on this page.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Access
Cookies
Accessibility
Disclaimer
An Avnet Company
© 2019 Premier Farnell Limited. All Rights Reserved.Farnell is a trading name of Premier Farnell Limited.Registered number: 876412 | Registered office: Farnell House, Forge Lane, Leeds, LS12 2NE , England.