http://www.kone.us/privacy-statement.aspx?rel=nofollow
WELCOME TO KONE!
Are you interested in KONE as a corporate business or a career opportunity?
Corporate site
Would you like to find out more about the solutions available in your area, including the local contact information, on your respective KONE website?
Your suggested website is
We couldn't determine a local website for you
Go to your suggested website
Select local website
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium (FR)
Belgium (NL)
Benin
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Botswana
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Cameroon
Canada (EN)
Canada (FR)
Cape Verde
Central African Rep.
Chad
Chile
China mainland (Chinese)
China mainland (English)
Colombia
Comoros
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominican Rebulic
DR Congo
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Honduras
Hong Kong SAR
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Palestinian Territories
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Republic of Congo
Romania
Russia
São Tomé & Príncipe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Sudan
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland (DE)
Switzerland (FR)
Syria
Taiwan, China
Tajikistan
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uzbekistan
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Contact
Contact
Contact
KONE CUSTOMER SERVICE
For general inquiries please call the KONE Customer Care Center at 877-276-8691.You can reach us 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
For non-urgent service inquiries you may also e-mail the KONE Service Center at koneservice@kone.com.For KONE eInvoice support, starting Sept. 8, 2020, please call 888-705-3612 or Billing.Questions@KONE.com.Go to the contact form
REPORT AN INCIDENT WITH YOUR EQUIPMENT (24/7)
To place a service call or report an emergencyTel 877-276-8691koneservice@kone.com
KONE Americas headquarters
4225 Naperville Road
Lisle, IL 60532
Tel.: 630-577-1650For media inquiries please contact:
Patrick O'ConnellRequest an offer
This site uses cookies in order to provide you with the best user experience. You consent to the use of cookies by continuing the use of the site without changing your browser settings. You can change your browser settings and preferences at any time. For further information on cookies, please see our privacy statement.
I Agree
HOME
Privacy statement
Back to top
The purpose of the Privacy StatementKONE is committed to protecting your privacy and personal data. KONE processes your personal data in accordance with the Finnish Personal Data Act (523/1999) and other applicable personal data legislation.This privacy statement related to the internet service of KONE Corporation (“Privacy Statement”) provides you with general information on the processing of your personal data by KONE Corporation and its employees, partners, subsidiaries and affiliates (“KONE”) related to this web site and the internet service of KONE Corporation (the “Site”). KONE will process your personal data collected through the Site in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable laws. Please read this Privacy Statement carefully prior to accessing the Site. If you do not agree with this Privacy Statement, we expect you to leave the Site.
Personal data collected through the SiteGenerally, you can visit the Site without entering any personal data. The Site is technically divided into separate sections some of which may require us to collect more personal data of you while some may be used without processing any personal data.When visiting the Site, certain technical and other information is automatically sent by your computer to us (i.e. IP address, the type of your browser and the source of your visit). We also collect information about your website usage information by using cookies. Please see the Cookies section of this Privacy Statement for further information.On certain parts of the Site, you may be asked to provide personal data and/or sign up for the service in order to access a service that you have requested. Once you register on the Site or have otherwise been assigned a specific identification code to access your accounts, we may request that you provide certain information.
The purpose of processing of Personal DataThe purpose of KONE’s processing of personal data is toensure an efficient and secure use of the Site;develop the Site for a better quality and broader scope of services;
provide customized services and content recognizing your specific needs and interests;
improve our services to you;
contact you;
conduct research and collect statistics (e.g. what sections of our Site the users visit and how much time they spend on the Site).
KONE strives to produce cost efficient services without you having to register separately to each of the different services provided on the Site.
CookiesFrom time to time KONE may place information, commonly known as “cookies”, on your computer to allow us to identify you, provided that you have consented to the placing of cookies on your computer or device for example by opt-in function or by way of changing the browser settings. Cookies give KONE information on how and when you have used the Site and help KONE to improve the Site for a better service. Cookies are today commonly used on many web sites. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your web browser to disable them. Kindly note, that disabling cookies may prevent you from using certain services on the Site.
RemarketingThe Site may use Google AdWords Remarketing to display advertisements based on your recent visit on the Site (“Remarketing”). Remarketing at the Site is used for building awareness of KONE solutions and services. The information regarding the visits is collected by placing a third-party cookie on your computer. You may opt-out from Remarketing through the Network Advertising Initiative website, by modifying the remarketing ad settings on the Google Ad Settings site or by disabling cookies. Opt-out for remarketing »
Website analyticsKONE uses website analytics, such as Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics, to gather anonymous statistics about the users of the Site with the aim to improve the contents of the Site. You may use the opt-out function of KONE’s website analytics program to indicate that you do not want KONE to track your visits to its websites. You need to repeat this action when you use different computers and/or browsers to visit KONE’s websites. Opt-out for website analytics tracking by KONE »Opt-out for Google analytics »
Social media pluginsThese plugins, and any other links or connections to other websites on the Site, may be owned and controlled by third parties. Therefore, KONE has no control over such third party websites, is not responsible for any material published there and assumes no liability for any matters arising out of use of such sites.Usage of social media plugins may result in sending identifiable information to the respective social media platforms. Opening a social media plugin may allow the third party website to set cookies on the user’s computer, permitting its operators to track the usage of the Site, provided that the user has subscribed to the relevant social media platform. This can be prevented by disabling the acceptance and storage of cookies in the browser settings. The social media plugins on the Site are subject to the privacy terms and other terms and conditions of the relevant social media sites. You may use the opt-out function below to indicate that you do not want to use the social media plugins on the Site. Opt-out for AddThis »
Transfers of Personal DataKONE will not transfer any personal data outside the KONE Corporation or its partners, affiliates, subsidiaries and subcontractors. Due to the technical and practical requirements some of the personal data may be processed by subcontractors located outside the European Union or European Economic Area or at the subcontractors’ servers outside the European Union or European Economic Area. However, such subcontractors have agreed to the data processing standards of KONE.KONE may provide aggregate statistics about its customers, sales, traffic patterns, and other related Site information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will include no personal data.
Contacting KONEYou may at any time contact KONE to check that the personal data related to you is accurate. KONE will at your request rectify or erase any incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal data.Should the processing of your personal data be based on your consent, you may at any time revoke your consent by contacting KONE. As processing of your personal data is necessary for us to be able to provide you with our services and products, revoking your consent may lead to a situation where we cannot provide you with some or all of our services and products.For more information, please contact KONE via the contact form at our corporate website www.kone.com.
Updates to the Privacy StatementAs KONE seeks to develop the Site continuously, KONE reserves the right to amend this Privacy Statement. KONE hopes that you review this Privacy Statement from time to time for any amendments. Possible additional questions and comments about the activities of KONE as a data controller shall be directed to KONE via the contact form at our corporate website www.kone.com.
Customer Loyalty Survey
KONE may contact its customers for conducting customer loyalty surveys. In order to improve its services KONE would like to receive the survey responses with the customer contact person’s name. The processing of your name and any other personal data in connection with customer loyalty survey is based on your consent. All answers and data collected in connection with the survey will be classified confidential and adequate security measures are employed when handling and transferring the data. KONE will process the collected data in accordance with all applicable laws. KONE will not transfer any personal data outside the KONE Corporation or its partners, affiliates, subsidiaries and subcontractors. Due to the technical and practical requirements of the processing, some of the personal data may be located at the servers of subcontractors or processed by subcontractors, which have agreed to the data processing standards of KONE. Customers may at any time contact KONE to check that the personal data related to them is accurate. KONE will at request rectify or erase any incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal data. For more information, please contact KONE via the contact form at our corporate website www.kone.com.