http://www.haymanreese.com.au/privacy-policy
Put your faithin a towing legend.
home
about us
products
online catalogue
news & events
downloads
warranty
stockists
request a quote
contact us
Put your faithin a towing legend.
Hayman Reese
1800 812 017
info@haymanreese.com.au
49 Pacific Drive, Keysborough, VIC, 3173
Privacy Policy
Management of personal information
At Hayman Reese, we recognise the importance of your privacy and understand your concerns about the security of the personal information you provide to us.  We comply with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) as contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).  The APPs detail how personal information may be collected, used, disclosed, stored and destroyed, and how an individual may gain access to or make complaints about the personal information held about them.
Personal information is information or an opinion about an identified individual, or about an individual who is reasonably identifiable.
Sensitive Information, a sub-set of personal information, includes information or an opinion about matters including an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, professional or trade association membership, trade union membership and criminal record.
This policy details how Hayman Reese manages personal information about you.
In the course of doing business, we endeavour to collect business information only.  However, the collection of personal information in some instances is necessary or unavoidable.
What personal information we collect and hold
The kinds of personal information we collect from you or about you depend on the transaction you have entered into with us, the goods and services you or your organisation have contracted us to provide, and the goods and services you or your organisation are interested in.
If you are a current or prospective dealer / installer of our goods, or a retail customer, then the kinds of personal information that we commonly collect and hold from you or about you include:  your name, address, phone, fax and mobile numbers, email address, vehicle details, and bank account or credit card payment details.  If you are a current or prospective dealer / installer, then we additionally collect and hold your date of birth, drivers licence details, business structure details, some sensitive information and credit information and credit eligibility information about your credit history and credit worthiness.  For further information about our privacy practices in relation to your personal credit file, please see our Privacy Policy for the management of credit information http://www.haymanreese.com.au/privacy.
When you browse our website, contact us electronically or engage with us on social media, we may record: geographical tagging and statistical data from your activity.  We use cookies to collect non personal information, and anonymous information about visits to our website and to track how you reached our website.  You will be given the option to disable cookies when you visit our website, but this may prevent proper functionality of the website.
Our website also contains links to other websites of interest (eg. the websites of our dealers / installers).  However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.  Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.  You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How we collect and hold personal information
We aim to collect personal information only directly from you, unless it is unreasonable or impracticable for us to do so.  For example, we collect personal information from you or about you from:
correspondence that you submit to us and/or our dealers / installers;
telephone calls and meetings with us and/or our dealers / installers; and
your activity on our website and social media platforms.
However, if you are a retail customer, in some instances we may receive personal information about you from third parties, such as your local dealer / installer.  This may include product enquiries, warranty requests and/or delivery instructions etc.
You can be anonymous or use a pseudonym when dealing with us, unless:
the use of your true identity is a legal requirement; or
it is impracticable for us to deal with you on such basis.
Why we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information
We collect, hold, use and disclose personal information from you or about you where it is reasonably necessary for us to carry out our business functions and activities.  For example, if you are a retail customer, we collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information as necessary to provide our goods and services, including the administration of our warranty and rewards programs.
Our goods are sold through a network of dealers / installers.  If you are a retail customer, and make an enquiry of us, we will routinely disclose your personal information to your nearest local dealer / installer for them to assist you.
We may collect sensitive information from you or about you where there is a legal requirement to do so, or where we are otherwise permitted by law.  For example, we may collect some sensitive information from our about our current and prospective dealers / installers, in order to make operational decisions about our dealer network.  In all other situations, we will specifically seek your consent.
If we do not collect, hold, use or disclose your personal information, or if you do not consent, then we may not be able to answer your enquiry, complete the transaction you have entered into, or provide the goods and services that you or your organisation have contracted us to provide.
We also collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for related purposes that you would reasonably expect, such as our administrative and accounting functions, record keeping, dealer / installer account trade references, fraud checks, warranty work and repair work, administering our warranty, rewards and loyalty programs, providing you with information about other goods and services offered by us, providing you with information about new product launches, marketing and promotions, market research, newsletter communications, customer feedback and quality assurance surveys, statistical collation, social media analysis and website traffic analysis.
Where we wish to use or disclose your personal information for other purposes, we will obtain your consent.
Where we use your personal information for marketing and promotional purposes, you can opt out at any time by notifying us.  Opt out procedures are also included in our marketing communications.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties (including government departments and enforcement bodies) where required or permitted by law.
How we hold and store personal information
Your personal information is held and stored on paper, by electronic means or both.  We have physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in place for personal information and take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is protected from misuse, interference and loss, and from unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
Data held and stored on paper is stored in lockable filing cabinets.  Our premises has secured entry and monitored alarms.
Data held and stored electronically, including “in the Cloud”, is protected by internal and external firewalls, limited access via file and network passwords, and files can be designated read-only or no access.  We also require our IT contractors and other third parties to implement privacy safeguards.
Destruction and De-identification
We will retain your personal information whilst it is required for any of our business functions, or for any other lawful purpose.
We use secure methods to destroy or to permanently de-identify your personal information when it is no longer needed.
Paper records are placed in security bins and/or shredded.
Electronic records are deleted from all locations, to the best of our ability, or encrypted and/or placed beyond use.
Overseas disclosure
Our business is part of the TriMas worldwide group.  In the course of doing business with you, we may disclose some of your personal information to overseas entities within the TriMas group.  However, we will only do so where:
it is necessary to complete the transaction you have entered into; and
you have provided consent; or
we believe on reasonable grounds that the overseas recipient is required to deal with your personal information by enforceable laws which are similar to the requirements under the APPs; or
it is otherwise permitted by law.
Requests for access and correction
We have procedures in place for dealing with and responding to requests for access to, and correction of, the personal information held about you.
In most cases, we expect that we will be able to comply with your request.  However, if we do not agree to provide you access or to correct the information as requested, we will give you written reasons why.
For further information, please contact us at privacyofficer@trimas.com.au.
To assist us to keep our records up-to-date, please notify us at enquiries@cequent.com.au of any changes to your personal information.
Complaints and Concerns
We have procedures in place for dealing complaints and concerns about our practices in relation to the Privacy Act and the APPs.  We will respond to your complaint in accordance with the relevant provisions of the APPs.  For further information, please contact us at privacyofficer@trimas.com.au.
Management of credit information
At Hayman Reese, we recognise the importance of your privacy and understand your concerns about the protection of matters relating to your personal credit history and credit worthiness.  We comply with the Credit Reporting Regime and the Credit Reporting Privacy Code (CR Code) as contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act).  The Credit Reporting Regime and the CR Code specifically detail how we must treat credit information and credit eligibility information in your personal credit file.
This policy details how Hayman Reese manages credit information and credit eligibility information about you, whether you are a prospective or current customer (dealer / installer) or business contractor.
What credit information we collect and hold
We will collect credit information from you or about you, if:
You are a prospective or current customer (dealer / installer) within our  distribution network;
You are a prospective or current business partner; or
You are or propose to become a guarantor for any of the above.
The kinds of credit information we commonly collect and hold from you or about you include:  your name, alias or previous names, date of birth, gender, drivers licence details, current and 2 previous residential addresses, and the name of your current employer.
We collect and hold information relating to your personal current credit liabilities, previous credit payments and defaults, current and previous Court proceedings and insolvency actions against you and information about your credit worthiness.  This credit information may relate to both consumer and/or commercial credit.
What credit eligibility information we hold
We hold reports and information disclosed to us or to a franchisee by a credit reporting body (such as Veda or Dun & Bradstreet).  We also compile our own, internal credit file about you on the basis of such information.  This information relates to an assessment of your personal credit worthiness made by the credit reporting body, or by us.
How we collect and hold credit information and credit eligibility information
We will collect credit information directly from you (e.g. from correspondence, application forms and contracts that you submit to us, and from meetings, telephone calls and/or interviews that you have with us).
We will also collect credit information about you from specific requests that we make to credit reporting bodies.  In some instances, we may receive credit information about you from other credit providers with whom you deal.
Credit eligibility information will be disclosed to us by credit reporting bodies in response to our request.
Why we collect, hold, use and disclose credit information and credit eligibility information
If you are a prospective or current customer (dealer / installer) or a prospective or current business partner, we collect, hold, use and disclose credit information and credit eligibility information about you for the purposes of assessing your application to partner with us, and for administering our business network.
If you are a prospective or current customer (dealer / installer), we collect, hold, use and disclose credit information and credit eligibility information about you for the purposes of assessing your commercial credit account application, for administering our product and service offerings, and for collecting overdue payments.
If you are a guarantor or proposed guarantor, we collect, hold, use and disclose credit information and credit eligibility information about you for the purpose of assessing your suitability as a guarantor, and (if necessary) for enforcing the guarantee and collecting payments owed to us.
We will disclose credit information about you to credit reporting bodies for purposes related to assessing your credit worthiness, and reporting on payment defaults.
We may disclose credit eligibility information to other credit providers and to guarantors, where we have obtained your consent.
We may also disclose credit eligibility information to third parties (including debt collectors, government departments and enforcement bodies) where required or permitted by law.
How we hold and store credit information and credit eligibility information
Credit information and credit eligibility information about you is held and stored by us in accordance with storage practices detailed in our general Privacy Policy www.haymanreese.com.au/privacy.  For further information, contact us by emailing privacyofficer@trimas.com.au.
Destruction and De-identification
We will retain credit information and credit eligibility information whilst it is required for any of our business functions, or for any other lawful purpose.
Credit information and credit eligibility information about you is destroyed or permanently de-identified in accordance with practices detailed in our general Privacy Policy www.haymanreese.com.au/privacy.  For further information, contact us by emailing privacyofficer@trimas.com.au.
Overseas disclosure
We do not disclose your credit eligibility information to overseas recipients.
Requests for access and correction
We have procedures in place for dealing with and responding to requests for access to, and correction of, the credit information and credit eligibility information held about you.
In most cases, we expect that we will be able to comply with your request.  However, if we do not agree to provide you access or to correct the information as requested, we will give you written reasons why. For further information, please contact at privacyofficer@trimas.com.au
Complaints and Concerns
We have procedures in place for dealing complaints and concerns about our practices in relation to the Privacy Act, and the CR Code.  We will respond to your complaint in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Privacy Act or the CR Code.  For further information, please contact us at privacyofficer@trimas.com.au
Contact
Privacy Officer
Hayman Reese
PO Box 4397
DANDENONG SOUTH  VIC  3164
T: 1800 812 017
E:  privacyofficer@trimas.com.au
Last updated:  July 2014.
Hayman Reese
1800 812 017
info@haymanreese.com.au
49 Pacific Drive, Keysborough, VIC, 3173
home
stockists
about us
Downloads
Products
Warranty
Online Catalogue
News & Events
Request a quote
HR Online
Cequent Sites
Contact us
website privacy statement
privacy policy
Copyright Cequent 2016