http://www.hilmanrollers.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main menu
Toggle sub-menu
Company
Industries
Products
Shop
Custom
Contact Us
1-888-2-ROLL-IT
PRIVACY STATEMENT
IntroductionHilman Inc. is committed to providing customers, dealers, and suppliers with the best value products and services in the field and online. Hilman Inc. recognizes and respects your online privacy. This privacy statement is being provided to you to explain what information Hilman Inc. is collecting from you through your use of this website (this “Site”) and how it uses this information.
This privacy statement applies to information collected through this Site and it does not apply to information that we collect through other means (e.g., other websites or other methods such as telephone calls), or to information collected on any other company or third-party site regardless of whether such site links to or is accessible from this Site. You should carefully read the privacy statements of any other websites.
Collection and Use of InformationTechnical and Usage Information
When you visit this Site, it automatically collects certain information about you and your request (e.g., your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, the content that you request), and other information provided by your browser (e.g., browser name, referral site). This information may be used to improve the content and usefulness of this Site, to understand your usage of the Site and to customize content based on your usage.
Additionally, this Site makes use of “cookies”. Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.  Our Site uses these "cookies" to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Interactively Provided InformationIn addition to the technical data noted above, you may provide personal information through this Site through various forms to inquire about or receive Hilman Inc. events, products, services, offers, and general information. In each case your personal information will be used to fulfill your request.  In addition, it is possible you will receive marketing communications. If you do then your personal information and your Site usage will be used to customize and deliver future communications, including without limitation through email.  You will have the option to unsubscribe or opt out of these marketing communications.
Questions on forms that are required (as opposed to optional) will be designated by a red asterisk (*).
Disclosures of Information Your personal information will be shared within Hilman Inc. and disclosed with the applicable Hilman dealer(s) in the applicable service region(s). We may disclose your personal information to answer your inquiry or to fulfill the purposes of the Site or to service providers to process the information on Hilman Inc.’s behalf. In any case, the disclosure of personal information is only to those with a legitimate business reason to access the information. Notwithstanding the above disclosures, we will disclose personal information when required or permitted by law or according to relevant corporate policies.
Hilman Inc. may also disclose personal information in response to legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, and any personal information that you provide may be transferred in a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or other corporate transaction involving Hilman Inc. or its assets.
Children We do not want to collect or maintain information from those under the age of 13. No part of this Site is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13. By using our Site, you represent that you are not less than 13 years of age.
Security Hilman Inc. cares about the safety and security of your transaction(s) at this Site. We redirect visitors to a secure server to transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information, such as credit card information, and take precautions against physical and electronic intrusion to protect against loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from visitors to this Site.
LinksThis Site may contain links to other sites. Hilman Inc. has no control over the information and privacy policies and practices of those websites, and is not responsible for their content, collection and use of information, or freedom from error or viruses. It is your responsibility to recognize, by paying attention to your browser’s address bar, when you are leaving this Site.
Changes and ModificationsHilman Inc. reserves the right to change or replace this Privacy Statement at any time. Changes will be posted here before the new Statement becomes effective. Please review this page periodically to remain apprised of our current policies and practices.
Your Consent By providing personal information to us, you consent to the collection and use of the personal information in accordance with this privacy statement. This Site is hosted in the United States of America. Since this service is available to individuals in a variety of global locations, you are consenting to transferring your personal information to countries or jurisdictions that may not provide the same level of data protection aw the legal jurisdiction in which you are located.
Contact Hilman Inc.If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, (including to opt-out of future advertising, marketing or opinion poll communications from Hilman Inc.), or for additional information about this privacy statement, please contact us at:
Hilman Inc.
Attn: Website
12 Timber Lane, Marlboro, NJ 07746
Or you may contact Hilman Inc. by calling (732)-462-6277.
Last Revised: September 6, 2018
Hilman Inc.
About
Careers
Industries
Contact Us
Products
Custom Solutions
Shop Online
Privacy Policy
Our Distributors
Find A Distributor
Dealer Portal
Become A Distributor
Connect With Us