https://www.intermusica.co.uk/terms-privacy
Terms and Privacy
Welcome to the website (“Site”) of Intermusica Artists’ Management Limited (“Intermusica”). If you continue to another part of the Site you will have accepted and agreed to our terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”). Please read them before proceeding to any other page. If you do not want to accept them please do not visit any other part of the Site. Please read our Privacy Policy below. We have prepared this to give you comfort in relation to your privacy and to protect the owners of any intellectual property on the Site.
The copyright in material on the Site is either owned by Intermusica or been licensed to Intermusica. It has been posted here for your information and entertainment. We hope you enjoy reading and watching it. No licence is granted to you in any of the material on the Site for any purpose other than your strict personal and non-commercial use. No rights are granted for you to share or transmit any of the material to any other person and you will be infringing the intellectual property in the Site and the materials if you do so. No warranties are given in relation to the copyright material on the Site, save that you will not infringe any third party copyright by accessing it in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. You agree not to remove or alter any data posted on the Site.The appearance or absence of product, services, companies, organisations, home pages or other websites on Site does not imply any endorsement thereof by Intermusica. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Intermusica.
If you violate the Terms and Conditions Intermusica may without notice withdraw your access to the Site. You may ask to have your details removed from the Site and to receive no further information from or access to the Site.
You agree not to use the Site to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory or that could disable, or impair the proper working or appearance of the Site or alter any material on the Site. You will not create a link to the Site without Intermusica's written consent. Intermusica will remove material placed on including links to other sites at its discretion.
Intermusica uses reasonable endeavours to ensure that the information, data and all of the materials on the Site are accurate but no warranties are given as to their accuracy.
Intermusica will try to keep the Site up, accurate, bug-free, and safe, but you use it at your own risk. Intermusica is providing the Site as is without any express or implied warranties including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Intermusica does not guarantee that it will always be safe, secure or error-free or that it will always function without disruptions, delays or imperfections. Intermusica is not responsible for the actions, content, information, or data of third parties, or correspondence between them. You release us from any claims and damages, arising out of or in any way connected with any claim you have against any such third parties. We will not be liable to you for any lost profits or other consequential, special, indirect, or incidental damages arising out of or in connection with this statement or the Site and in any event the maximum damages and/or liability of Intermusica arising in relation to the Site will be £10.
Intermusica may change these Terms and Conditions and will post a notice to the effect they have been amended. By continuing to use the Site after the date of the change you accept and agree to the new terms. If you do not want to accept them you should no longer visit the Site.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided in order to enhance the interest of featured content and are not intended to signify that Intermusica endorses or otherwise warrants or has any responsibility for the content of linked websites. Intermusica is not responsible for nor assumes any liability for the contents of other websites or home pages which are linked to the Site.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. You are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you are accessing the Site.
Privacy policy
This privacy policy applies between you, the User of this website, and Intermusica, the owner and provider of this website. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy policy applies to our use of any and all data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the website.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.intermusica.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Intermusica of 9 Kingsway, London, WC2B 6XF.
Our nominated Data Protection Officer is Peter Martin. Any queries regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be emailed to the Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@intermusica.co.uk.
Intermusica is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office under the registration reference ZA106204.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOUWe may collect and process the following data about you:Information you give us You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site www.intermusica.co.uk (Site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to any service we provide, or enter a competition, promotion or survey via our site, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph.Information we collect about you With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
CookiesOur website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATIONWe use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to usWe will use this information:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
To notify you about changes to our service;
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about youWe will use this information:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
As part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sourcesWe may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of your informationWe may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with [them or] you.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Intermusica is substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Intermusica, our customers, or others.
Where we store your personal dataThe data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Links to other websites
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.Your rightsYou have the right to:
Access your personal data by making a subject access request (SAR)*
Rectification, erasure or restriction of your personal data where this is justified
Object to or restrict the processing of your personal data where this is justified
Data portability, i.e. request the transfer of your personal data to another party
Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority about our processing of your personal data (Information Commissioner’s Office in the case of the UK)
*You have a right to this information free of charge, however we may charge you a reasonable fee, or refuse to comply with the request, if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
These rights may not always apply, for example if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest in keeping.Changes to this policyAny changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
© Intermusica 2015
36 Graham Street
London N1 8GJ
T +44 20 7608 9900
F +44 20 7490 3263
mail@intermusica.co.uk
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Terms & Privacy
Website by Sennep
Search
Menu
Home
Artists
News
International Tours
Imagine
What we do
About us
Our people
Jobs
Contact