https://www.madewell.com/privacy-policy-122619.html
Artboard 1Layer 1Artboard 4Iconsset_solidpay-now-button-blue-whitelogo_applepay_whiteClosenoun_filter_2802517!gradient_logo#everydaytogether_mensSite/Icons/White/Playpay-now-button-blue-whitePAY NOW WITHINSTALLMENTS BYpay-now-button-blue-whiteINSTALLMENTSBYSite/Icons/White/PlayE7553F1C-037C-4685-A69A-5CB001E134B4noun_sort by_3324635
Skip to Main Content
Search
Search
Women’s
Close
Search
Women’s
clear search form
Search
Menu
Madewell
women
men
Home
New
Spotlight On
New Arrivals
Looks We Love
Find Your Perfect Pair
The Gift Well Guide
FEATURED SHOPS
Our Comfy, Sustainable MWL Collection
The Madewell Must-Haves
Madewell Masks
Best-Selling Styles
Do Well Shop
The Hometown Heroes Holiday Shop
Get Comfy
The Holiday Party Shop
CURRENTLY COVETING
Animal Prints
Stripe Hype
Very Merry Plaid
Cozy Sherpa & Fleece
SHOP NEW ARRIVALS
Gift Guide
The Gift Well Guide
Shop All
Our Favorite Gifts
Small Surprises (at $50 or Less)
Best Sellers
Cozy-Comfy Everything
For Your No. 1 Guys
Gift Cards
Shop The Gift Well Guide
Denim
Shop All Jeans
Find Your Perfect Pair
DENIM FITS
Skinny Jeans
Curvy Jeans
Perfect Vintage Jeans
Straight-Leg Jeans
Boyjeans
Demi-Boot Jeans
Flare Jeans
Wide-Leg Jeans
Overalls & Jumpsuits
DENIM DRESSING
Dresses
Jackets
Shirts
Shorts
Skirts
MORE SIZES
Maternity
Petite
Tall
Taller
Extended Sizes
FEATURED SHOPS
Black & Grey Washes
Curvy Denim
Wear-All-Day Comfy Denim
Do Well Shop
Recycle Your Jeans
OUR PIECES, YOUR PICS
#everydaymadewell
Shop All Denim
Clothing
Clothing
Shop All Clothing
Jeans
Sweaters
Tops & Shirts
Tees
Sweatshirts & Sweatpants
Jackets & Coats
Dresses
Skirts
Pants
Overalls & Jumpsuits
Active
Lounge & Pajamas
Swim
Shorts
MORE SIZES
Extended Sizes (Sizes 16-24)
Petite
Tall
Taller
Maternity
FEATURED SHOPS
Our Comfy, Sustainable MWL Collection
The Warm-Weather Shop
The Madewell Must-Haves
Fair Trade Certified™ Pieces
The Recycled Shop
Denim Dressing
Chill-Proof Insuluxe Outerwear
Matching Sets
Our Cashmere Commitment
SHOP SWEATERS
Shoes
Shoes
Shop All Shoes
Boots
Sneakers
Flats
Heels
Oxfords & Loafers
Mules & Slides
Slippers
Sandals
FEATURED SHOPS
Birkenstock
New Balance
Veja
Animal Print Shoes
Utilitarian Boots
OUR PIECES, YOUR PICS
#everydaymadewell
Shop Boots
Accessories
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Bags
Jewelry
Bandanas & Masks
Leather Accessories
Hair Accessories
Hats
Belts
Gloves
Socks & Tights
Sunglasses & Cases
Scarves & Capes
FEATURED SHOPS
The Gift Well Guide
Delicate Collection Jewelry
Video-Chat-Friendly Accessories
Collect-’Em-All Bag Straps
The Transport Collection
Custom Madewell
OUR PIECES, YOUR PICS
#everydaymadewell
Shop Bags
Life
LIFE
Shop All Life
WELLNESS
Skin Care
Hair Care
Bath & Body
Nail Care
Tools
Aromatherapy
HOME & GIFT
Tech
Candles
Kitchen & Bar
Bed & Bath
Home Décor
DIY & Games
FRAGRANCE
Shop All Fragrance
CANDLES
Shop All Candles
Shop All Life
Labels We Love
LABELS WE LOVE
Shop All Labels We Love
See the Full List
FEATURED LABELS
Alice + Whittles
Bodum
Evolg
Hedley & Bennett
Intentionally Blank
Lively
MWL
Topo Designs
Vans
Veja
Wyeth
FEATURED SHOPS
Our Comfy, Sustainable MWL Collection
Madewell x Buffy
The Hometown Heroes Holiday Shop
Reusable Essentials
Shop All Labels We Love
Sale
CURRENT SALE EVENTS
Extra 30% Off Sale Styles
Extra 50% Off Select Sale Styles
Up to 50% Off Select Styles
30% Off (Almost) Everything Else
Sale
Shop All Sale
New to Sale
Sale Jeans
Sale Sweaters
Sale Jackets & Coats
Sale Tees
Sale Tops
Sale Dresses & Skirts
Sale Pants & Shorts
Sale Bags
Sale Shoes
Sale Jewelry
Sale Swim
SHOP NOW
Community
Stores
Find a Madewell Near You
Health & Safety
Store Services
Inspo
See All Inspo
Style
Community
Culture
Videos
Do Well
Do Well Shop
Repair, Reuse, Recycle
Fair Trade
Our Materials
Our Operations
Our Causes
Our Pieces, Your Pics
#everydaymadewell
LET'S DO WELL
Search
Search
Women’s
Close
Search
Women’s
clear search form
Search
Search
Search
Women’s
Close
Search
Women’s
clear search form
Search
Sign In
Sign In / Register
0
Bag
Privacy Policy
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: July 1, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes how J.Crew Group, LLC, 225 Liberty St., New York, NY 10281, USA and our brands and subsidiaries (including but not limited to J.Crew Inc., J.Crew, crewcuts, J.Crew Factory, J.Crew Mercantile and Madewell) (collectively, "J.Crew," "we" or "us") collect, use and share personal information about you and the choices that are available to you with respect to our handling of your information. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information we collect when you interact with us online (e.g., through our website or other online products and services) or offline (e.g., when you shop in our stores or interact with customer support) or otherwise interact with us as described below. Our online and offline services and interactions with you are collectively referred to as "Services" in this Privacy Policy.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. In some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to the homepages of our websites or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you interact with us to stay informed about our personal information practices and the choices available to you.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Personal Information We Collect Directly from You
We collect personal information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect personal information when you use our websites; provide product reviews; shop in our stores; call us on the phone; create an online account; sign up to receive our emails; request a catalog; participate in a sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey; communicate with us via third-party social media sites; request customer support; apply for and/or participate in our loyalty program; apply for a job; or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of personal information we may collect include your name, email address, zip or postal code, billing address, shipping address, phone number, payment card information, product preferences, demographic information and any other personal information you choose to provide.
In some cases, we may also collect personal information you provide about others, such as when you purchase a gift card for someone and request that we deliver it electronically, create and share a "wishlist" or decide to purchase and ship products to someone. We will use this personal information to fulfill your requests and will not send marketing communications to your contacts unless they separately opt in to receive communications from us.
Information About Your Use of Our Services
We collect information about your use of our Services, such as the products you purchase or express interest in.
Personal Information We Collect Automatically
We automatically collect certain personal information about you when you access or use our Services or shop in our stores, including:
Log Information: We collect information about your use of our websites, such as the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the referring link through which you accessed our websites.
Device Information: We collect information about the device you use to access our online Services, including the hardware model and operating system and version.
Transaction Information: When you purchase or return a product, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details and the date and location of the purchase/return.
Video Data: We collect video data via security cameras we deploy in some of our retail stores.
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: We (and our service providers) use cookies, web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels") and similar tracking technologies to collect information about you when you interact with our websites or emails, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior. We may combine this information with other information we collect about you and use it for various purposes, such as improving our websites and your online experience, understanding which areas and features of our sites are popular, counting visits, understanding campaign effectiveness, tailoring our communications with you, determining whether an email has been opened and links within the email have been clicked and for other internal business purposes. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, please see the "Cookies" section below.
Personal Information We Collect from Our Partners and Other Sources
We may obtain personal information about you from other sources and combine that with information we collect about you. For example, we collect personal information from the local postal services’ national change of address databases to verify and update mailing addresses. In addition, if you are a United States customer and apply for a J.Crew Credit Card, we obtain limited personal information about you from the partners that manage our private label credit card program. If you interact with us on social media, we will also collect personal information about those interactions.
Personal Information We Derive
We may derive personal information or draw inferences about you based on the other types of personal information we collect. For example, we may infer your location based on your IP address, or that you are interested in purchasing a certain type of clothing based on your browsing behavior on our Services.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use personal information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services, including to facilitate and improve your in-store and online shopping experiences;
Deliver the products and Services you request, or that are reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship, complete transactions, perform our contractual obligations and send you related information, including confirmations and receipts;
Process your orders, payments and account adjustments and initiate, render, bill and collect payment for our products and Services;
Conduct internal research and development and make business decisions about current and future product and service offerings;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to manage these communications, please see “Your Choices” below);
Manage your online account(s) and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Personalize your online experience and provide advertisements, content or features that match your profile and interests;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities;
Process and deliver contest, promotion and sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Detect, protect against and prevent security incidents and illegal or unauthorized activities, investigate complaints and claims and provide other security protections, such as identity verification;
Protect users of our Services from fraudulent, malicious, deceptive, abusive or unlawful activities of others;
Debug and repair errors in our products and Services and other activities to maintain and improve the quality and safety of our products and Services;
Cooperate with law enforcement and protect the rights (including free speech), interests, safety or property of J.Crew or our customers, service providers and other third parties;
Comply with and enforce applicable legal and regulatory obligations and respond to governmental requests;
Enforce our policies, terms and conditions or other agreements;
Defend against or pursue claims, disputes or litigation – in court or elsewhere;
Provide you the benefits of our loyalty program if you are a member of our loyalty program; and
Carry out any other purpose readily apparent to you or described to you at the time the personal information is collected.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share personal information about you as follows:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such personal information to carry out work on our behalf, including companies that assist us with web hosting, shipping and delivery, payment processing, fraud prevention, customer service, analytics, marketing and advertising;
If you are a U.S. customer with a J.Crew Credit Card, with our banking partner Comenity Bank, the issuer of the J.Crew Credit Card. Comenity Bank is independent of J.Crew and has its own privacy and security policies;
In response to a request for personal information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies or to protect the rights, property and safety of us or any third party;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another company;
With our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership;
With our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests;
By publicly posting, at our discretion, your product review or other user content if you provide one; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We allow our e-commerce partners, UPS i-parcel (based in Edison, New Jersey) and Borderfree (based in New York), to directly collect personal information from you for the purposes of facilitating ordering and shipping internationally. This information collected by these e-commerce partners will be treated in accordance with their privacy policies. For more information about UPS i-parcel’s privacy practices, see https://www.i-parcel.com/en/i-parcel-online-privacy-notice/, and for more information about Borderfree’s privacy practices, see www.borderfree.com/privacy-policy.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
ADVERTISING & ANALYTICS
We engage third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect personal information about your use of our websites, such as your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This personal information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our websites and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about Internet-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org and http://www.aboutads.info/choices. European users may opt of receiving targeted advertising by visiting http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/. Please note that you need to renew this choice on each device and browser you use to access our Services.
We may also work with third parties (such as Facebook and Instagram) to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign on their platforms. If you prefer not to see customized ads from us, you can usually opt out by changing your account settings or preferences on such platforms.
DATA RETENTION
Our retention periods for personal information are based on business needs and legal requirements. We retain personal information for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which the personal information was collected and any other permissible, related purpose. For example, we may retain certain transaction details and correspondence until the time limit for claims arising from the transaction has expired.
CHILDREN
We do not, in providing the Services, knowingly collect personal information from children. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal information to us via the Services, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that personal information from our databases.
YOUR CHOICES
Managing or Deleting Your Online J.Crew Account
You may update, correct or delete your online account information at any time by logging into your account and navigating to the "My Account" page or by contacting us as indicated in the “Contact Us” section below. You can also contact us if you wish to deactivate your online account. Note that we may retain certain personal information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of personal information about you for a certain period of time.
Opting Out of Promotional Communications
You can opt out of receiving promotional communications from us at any time by doing the following:
To opt out of direct mail (such as catalogs and postcards): Log into your online account and adjust your settings under the "Catalog Preferences" page or contact us at help@jcrew.com.
To opt out of promotional emails and text messages: Follow the instructions provided in those communications or contact us at help@jcrew.com.
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may continue to send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to remove or reject cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our websites. For more information, please see the cookie policy.
Data Transfers and Privacy Shield
J.Crew has operations in the U.S. and other countries. As such, we or our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
When we transfer personal information from the European Union ("EU Data") to the U.S., we adhere to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Principles of notice; choice; onward transfer; security; data integrity and purpose limitation; access; and recourse, enforcement and liability designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission (the "Principles"). For more information about J.Crew's certification and the Principles, please visit the Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield website.
Please direct any inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with the Principles to the point of contact listed in the “Contact Us” section below. If we do not resolve your complaint, you may submit your complaint free of charge to JAMS (https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield) our designated Privacy Shield dispute resolution provider. Under certain conditions specified by the Principles, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint. J.Crew is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC. If J.Crew shares EU Data with a third-party service provider that processes the data solely on our behalf, then we will be liable for that third party's processing of EU Data in violation of the Principles, unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Residents of Europe
J.Crew Entity Responsible for Your Personal Information
If you are a resident of the United Kingdom, J.Crew U.K. Limited and J.Crew Group, LLC provide our Services to you and are responsible for your personal information when you use our Services. If you reside in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), J.Crew Group, LLC provides our Services to you and is responsible for your personal information when you use our Services.
Legal Basis for Processing
We process your personal information described above:
As necessary to fulfill our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., processing payments for and providing the products you have ordered);
As necessary for our legitimate interests, including our interest in providing relevant and secure Services and improving our Services and products;
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations; or
As consistent with your consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Exercising Your Rights
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected or erased and to port your personal information. You may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing or to withdraw consent you have previously provided. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may contact us at privacy@jcrew.com. If you have a J.Crew account, you may also review, update and delete certain personal information or adjust your marketing preferences by logging into your account.
Questions or Complaints
If you have a concern about our processing of your personal information that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority where you reside.
Contact details for your Data Protection Authority can be found using the links below:
For individuals in the EEA: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
For individuals in the UK: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
Consumers residing in California are afforded certain additional rights with respect to their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act or "CCPA" (California Civil Code Section 1798.100 et seq). If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
Collection and Use of Personal Information: In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers, information subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e), characteristics of protected classifications under California or U.S. law, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, professional or employment-related information, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, inferences drawn about you and other categories of personal information that relate to, describe or are reasonably capable of being associated with you.
For examples of the precise data points we collect and the sources from which we collect this personal information, please see “Collection of Information” above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in “Use of Information” above.
Disclosure of Personal Information: We may share your personal information with third parties as described in the “Sharing of Information” section above.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes to the following categories of recipients:
Categories of Third Parties
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business or Commercial Purpose
Vendors, consultants and other service providers who perform services on our behalf
Identifiers
Information subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80
Commercial information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Geolocation data
Inferences
Comenity Bank (in connection with the J.Crew Credit Card)
Identifiers
Information subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80
Commercial information
Geolocation data
Other J.Crew website visitors (in connection with product reviews submitted through our Services)
Identifiers
Information subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
Sale of Personal Information: California law requires that we provide transparency about personal information we "sell," which for the purposes of the CCPA broadly means scenarios in which we have shared personal information with partners in exchange for valuable consideration. While we do not provide personal information about you to other companies for money, we do allow our advertising partners to collect identifiers, commercial information and Internet or other electronic network activity information via our Services to show you ads that are targeted to your interests. To opt out of having your personal information used for targeted advertising purposes, please see the “Advertising and Analytics” section above. You can also visit our “California Do Not Sell My Personal Information” webpage to make an opt-out request.
Your Rights: Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to request (1) more information about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected, used, sold and disclosed
about you, (2) deletion of your personal information and (3) that we stop selling your personal information. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
You may make these requests by calling 1-866-467-8688 and entering service code 358# or visiting this page. Once we receive your request, we will verify it by asking you to provide certain information, such as identifiers like your email address and phone number. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests on your behalf.
Notice of Financial Incentives: We offer various financial incentives. For example, we may provide discounts, coupons and other benefits for customers who sign up to receive our marketing emails or join our loyalty program. When you participate in a financial incentive, we collect personal information from you, such as identifiers (like your name and email address) and commercial information (like your purchase history). You can opt into a financial incentive by following the sign-up or participation instructions provided, and you have the ability to opt-out of the financial incentive, or our subsequent use of your personal information in connection with a financial incentive, at any time by contacting us at help@jcrew.com. In some cases, we may provide additional terms and conditions for a financial incentive, which we will present to you when you sign up. The value of your personal information is reasonably related to the value of the offer or discount presented to you.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and you reside:
In the EEA, please contact us at:
Int’l Toll Phone: 434 385 5775
Fax: 434 385 5750
privacy@jcrew.com
Anywhere else outside of the EEA, including the U.S., please contact us at:
Phone: 800 562 0258
Fax: 434 385 5750
privacy@jcrew.com
TERMS OF USE  |  PRIVACY POLICY  |  CA TRANSPARENCY ACT   |  CALIFORNIA DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
Live Chat