http://www.baystatemilling.com/bay-state-milling-company-privacy-policy/
|
Login
Ingredients
Flour
Traditional Bakery
Whole & Ancient Grains
Rye
Specialty
Gluten Free
Organic
Pizza
Sprouted
High Fiber Wheat Flour
Purity Protocol Oats
Spices
Seeds
Co-Products
Solutions
Who We Serve
SimplySafe® Heat Treatment
Product Applications
Technical Support
Innovation
Blog
About
Who We Are
History
Leadership Team
Technical Teams
Board of Directors
Nutrition Science Advisory Council
Facility Locations
Quality Assurance
Resources
Customer Connect
Field to Fork
Partner Sourced Ingredients
Sustainability
Customer Portal
Formulations
Rothwell GrainEssentials Center
Nutrition Calculator
Research & Development
Careers
News
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Bay State Milling Company (“we,” “our,” or “us”) respects your privacy.  This Privacy Statement describes how information about you is collected, used, and shared with others when you visit our public web site located at www.baystatemilling.com and www.bsm.com or our customer extranet site located at https://baysys.bsm.com  (collectively, “Site”).  In this Privacy Statement, the word “including” means including, without limitation.  This Privacy Statement applies only to the Site.
We welcome visitors who may be seeking information about our products and services.  We also welcome our customers (including retail bakeries, wholesale bakeries, food service operators, distributors, and food manufacturers) who can use our extranet Site to access additional information such as purchase order details.
Our Site is intended for persons 18 or older who reside in the United States.  By accessing or using the Site, you consent to your information being collected, used, and shared as disclosed herein.  If you are under 18, located outside of the United States or do not agree to the collection, use, or sharing of your information as disclosed herein, please do not access or use the Site or provide us with your personal information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A. Collection of Personal Information. When you visit the Site, sign-up for our newsletter, submit a request for product or service information, use the “Contact” feature on the Site, submit a resume, complete a visitor survey, register to use our customer extranet site, or otherwise communicate with us, we may collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us or to third parties acting on our behalf.  “Personal information” is information through which you can be identified such as your name, company name, email address, postal mailing address, and telephone number.  Personal information does not include information that has been anonymized or otherwise does not identify a specific person.
B. Collection of Social Network Information. If you engage with our Site through third-party social networking sites, we may have access to, use, and share information associated with your social media account such as your name, email address, photograph, birthday, location, gender, and people or organizations you follow or like.  For information on controlling access to your personal information through social networking sites, you should review their privacy statements and terms of use.  Our Site may also include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button, and widgets, such as the “Share This” button.  These features may collect your Internet protocol address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.  Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing the features.
C. Collection of Information through Tracking Technologies. We may use (or authorize third parties to use) cookies, web beacons, pixels, and other technologies (“Tracking Technologies”) on our Site to collect information about you, your online behavior, your computer, and your mobile device.  As described in Section 2 below, we use Google Analytics for this purpose.   Information collected through Tracking Technologies may include the type of browser and operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, your geographic location, the pages you visit, how long you visit each page, and the unique number assigned to your server or Internet connection.  We may combine this information with other information we collect about you either directly or from other sources.
D. Collection of Information from Other Sources. We may obtain information about you from other sources including our affiliates, business partners, and third parties. In situations where it is possible to do so, we may link personal information (such as your name and email address) with non-personal information (such as the unique identifier associated with your computer or mobile device).  We may also link personal information with other generally or publicly available information to help us identify your preferences or interests.  The information we collect may also be merged with information available from other sources such as companies that match email addresses with postal addresses and other information.
USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A. Personal Information. We may use the personal information we collect for our own marketing and non-marketing purposes.  This may include, for example, responding to your requests, conducting customer satisfaction surveys, and alerting you to new products, services, offers, or other information via postal mail, fax, email, telephone, and other means.  We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries for marketing and non-marketing purposes.  If you do not want us to use your personal information for marketing purposes or to share your personal information with our subsidiaries for their marketing purposes, you may opt-out in accordance with the “How to Opt-Out” section below.  Please note that even if you opt-out, we (or third parties acting on our behalf) may still use and share your personal information with our subsidiaries and third parties for non-marketing purposes such as fulfilling your requests, processing orders, and responding to your inquiries.  In such cases, the companies with whom we share your personal information are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these non-marketing services.  Subject to Section 2.C. below, we will never sell, license, or share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes.  We may sell, license, and share non-personal information to/with any third party for non-marketing purposes.
B. Site Analytics/Tracking Technologies. We (or third parties acting on our behalf) may use Tracking Technologies, to analyze traffic and improve your experience at our Site.  We use Google Analytics for this purpose.  To prevent your information from being collected and used by Google Analytics, see Section 4 below (“How to Opt-Out”).  To learn more about Google Analytics, click here.
C. Mergers and Other Business Transactions. We may share, assign, or transfer any information we collect, including your personal information, if we enter into a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or sale of some or all of our assets, or in preparation for any of these events.  Any party that acquires our assets as part of such a transaction may continue to use your information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement.
D. Legal and Other Requirements. We may disclose your information, including your personal information, to courts, law enforcement agencies, governmental authorities, and others when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, protect our rights, protect your safety, protect the safety of others, protect the safety or security of our Site, investigate fraud, enforce or administer our Privacy Statement or Terms of Use, or respond to a government request.  We may cooperate with law enforcement or other government agencies for purposes of national security, public safety, or matters of public importance when we believe that disclosure of information under our control is necessary or appropriate to protect the public interest.
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES
A. Third Parties on Our Site. Some content on our Site may be hosted, sponsored by, or co-branded with third parties who may obtain personal information from you if you voluntarily submit such information or participate in sponsored or co-branded activities such as contests and promotions. When you provide your personal information to such third parties, their privacy statement will detail how you may exercise choice regarding use of your personal information and further sharing.  We are not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices of such third parties. Therefore, you should review their privacy practices carefully before participating or providing personal information to such third parties.
B. Third Party Service Providers. We may contract with our affiliates and with unaffiliated third parties to assist with some of the services we provide such as fulfilling orders, billing, payment processing, and providing online Site maintenance, analytics and marketing.  These third parties may collect your information on our behalf or be provided with access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform such services on the condition that they exercise reasonable care to protect such information and restrict the use of such information to the purposes for which it was provided to them.
HOW TO OPT-OUT
A. Use and Sharing of Personal Information. If you do not want your personal information to be used for our own marketing purposes or to be shared with our affiliates for their marketing purposes, you can opt-out of such use and sharing by emailing your request to us at infobsm@bsm.com with the words “OPT-OUT” in the subject line of the email.  You may also contact us by postal mail at 100 Congress Street, Quincy, MA 02169.  In addition, you can click on the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of our marketing emails to stop receiving future marketing emails from us.  Please note that if you opt-out, we (or third parties acting on our behalf) may still use and share your personal information with others for non-marketing purposes such as fulfilling your requests, processing orders, and responding to your inquiries.
B. Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to better understand how visitors engage with our Site. To prevent your information from being used by Google Analytics, click here.  To learn more about Google Analytics, click here.
C. Do-Not Track Options. At this time, we do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “do not track” instructions.  Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies and other Tracking Technologies, you can change some of your privacy preferences through your browser.  For example, you can delete browser cookies from your computer or set your browser to reject browser cookies.  However, doing so may limit some functionalities of our Site. Also, blocking or deleting browser cookies may not block or delete other types of cookies including flash cookies.  To manage Flash cookies, please click here.  For additional information about browser privacy preferences, please consult the “Help” section of your browser.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with us may choose to opt out of our disclosure of personal information about them to third parties for direct marketing purposes.  As set forth in Section 2.A. above, our policy is not to disclose personal information collected at our Site to unaffiliated third parties for direct marketing purposes without your consent.  If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting such consent, follow the procedures set forth above in Section 4 under the heading, “How to Opt-Out.”
INFORMATION SECURITY
We have implemented administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of personal and customer information in our custody or control.  However, we cannot guarantee that these safeguards will prevent the unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of such information.
CONFIDENTIALITY
We are pleased to hear from our customers and visitors to our Site and welcome your feedback.  However, if you send us any ideas, suggestions, drawings, graphics, innovations, concepts, recommendations, or similar materials (“Submissions”) you agree that in the absence of a written and fully executed non-disclosure agreement, the Submissions are not confidential.  You hereby assign such Submissions to us without compensation (or the expectation of compensation) and agree that we may disclose, reproduce, republish, modify, distribute, display, perform, transmit, sell, or otherwise use your Submissions for commercial or non-commercial purposes with no compensation to you. For any Submissions that cannot be legally assigned to us, you hereby grant us an unrestricted, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable and worldwide license to reproduce, republish, modify, distribute, display, perform, transmit, sell, or otherwise use your Submissions for commercial or non-commercial purposes with no compensation to you.
ACCESS AND CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may access, review, update, correct inaccuracies, and request deletion of your personal information which is in our custody and control by emailing us at infobsm@bsm.com.  In your email, please include your full name, postal address, email address, telephone number and specify what information you would like to access, review, update, correct, or delete.  We may request certain additional personal information from you for the purposes of verifying your identity. We will respond to your request within 30 days.  Please note that due to contractual, legal, or other requirements, it may not be possible to delete some or all of your information.
INFORMATION RETENTION
We will retain your information, including personal information, for as long as necessary to provide any services you request, comply with our legal obligations, and satisfy other legitimate business requirements (e.g., tax, legal reporting, and auditing obligations).
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
Our Site may contain links to enable you to easily visit other web sites or web pages of interest that are not controlled by us.  Please be advised that when you click these links and leave our Site, we do not have any control over these other web sites (though we may be able to track some of your activities on some of these sites).  Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites, which are not governed by this Privacy Statement. You should exercise caution and review the privacy statement applicable to other web sites you visit.
MINORS
The Site is intended for persons who are at least 18 years of age.  We do not knowingly collect or allow the collection of personal information from persons under the age of 13.  When you use the Site or disclose personal information, you are representing to us that you are 18 or older.  If you are the parent or guardian of a person under 18 and believe that the person has provided personal information to us, please contact us at 100 Congress Street, Quincy, MA 02169 or at infobsm@bsm.com to request deletion of the person’s information from our records.
VISITORS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
We are based in the United States and our Site is hosted and managed in the United States.  Our Site is intended for use by persons located in the United States.  Any information that you provide to us, including personal information, may be transferred to and processed in the United States.  If you reside outside of the United States, please be advised that the United States does not offer safeguards to protect personal information that are as stringent as some other jurisdictions in the world.  By using our Site, you consent to your information being collected, used, and transferred as disclosed herein.
REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
We may revise this Privacy Statement from time-to-time in our sole discretion.  By using our Site or providing us with your personal information after any revisions, you agree to be bound by the terms of the revised Privacy Statement.  If we intend to make any material revisions to this Privacy Statement, we will post a notice of those revisions on our Site 30 days in advance of the effective date of the revisions.  In our discretion, we may also notify you of material revisions by email or other means.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement, you may email us at infobsm@bsm.com, call us at 1-800-55-FLOUR, or contact us by postal mail at the address below.  We will do our best to respond to your questions or concerns in a timely manner.
Effective:  October 30, 2018
Bay State Milling Company
100 Congress Street
Quincy, Massachusetts 02169
Recent News
Flourish Fiber from the Farm™, an Innovative Nutrient-rich, All-purpose flour, Launches for Holiday Baking Season
November 17, 2020
Flourish Press Release FINAL 11.16.20 New high-fiber flour offers added nutritional and immune health benefits for at-home bakers with all the deliciousness of traditional all-purpose flour  BOSTON, Mass, Nov 17, 2020 – With nearly one-third of Americans saying that immune health is top of mind as they head into their kitchens this holiday season1, Flourish […]
Read More
HealthSense™ Featured in FoodNavigator Webinar on Fiber and Holistic Health
Upcoming Event
On Wednesday July 29th, Bay State Milling sponsored and delivered a webinar that addressed a very timely topic related to fiber and holistic health. Titled, “The Fiber Effect: Why Immune Health Matters & How the Food Industry is Innovating in the Era of COVID-19,” the panel session was jointly presented by subject matter experts Shelley […]
Read More
Call or email us to learn more.Let's discuss your grain-based food needs, learn about package sizes, or inquire about other services like custom blends. Use the form below or call 1-800-553-5687.Name*CompanyEmail*
TelephoneComments
Submit