http://www.claims-portal.com/privacy.cfm
Claims-Portal.com - Privacy Policy
Claims-Portal.com - Privacy Policy insurance claim, insurance claims jobs, insurance claims, insurance claim jobs, insurance training, adjuster training, claims training, independent adjuster, independent adjusters, insurance adjuster, insurance adjusters, insurance claims adjuster, catastrophe claims adjusters
Oct 10, 2020
- Vendor Directory
- Get Listed
- Member Benefits
- Become a Member
- About Us
- Advertising
this page!
Independent Adjusters
Employers/Recruiters
Home
Register
Login
Contact
Privacy Policy
E-Claim has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for www.E-Claim.com, www.Claims-Portal.com. www.insURLinks.com, www.DynaClaim.com, and www.ClaimAssignments.com web sites, and other web sites owned and/or operated by E-Claim.com, LLC. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our sites. Our registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). E-Claim does not sell contact information. This site contains links to other sites. E-Claim is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such web sites, regardless of the manner in which said web site is linked to or otherwise accessed or referred to via our web sites. E-Claim makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. We encourage all members to exercise common courtesy when using these features. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please send them to webmaster@E-Claim.com.Thank you, and please enjoy our services.E-Claim.com, LLC
Announcements
Claims Events
Insurance News
Special Offers
Newsletters
Blogs
RSS Feeds
Directory
insURLinks
Classifieds
About Us
Contact Us
Advertising
Member Search
Registration
Login
E-Mail Lists
Home  |
Privacy Policy  |
Terms of Service  |
Site Map
© 1998-2020 E-Claim.com, LLC