http://www.girlwithbeads.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
Shop
Bags
Purses
Jewellery
Clothing
Accessories
Craft Accessories
The Junk Club
About
Contact
Blog
Events
Info
FAQ
Clothing Sizes
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Menu
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how girlwithbeads uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.Girlwithbeads is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Girlwithbeads may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 5 March 2013.What we collectWe may collect the following information:- name- contact information including email address- demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests- information about any orders you place or purchases you make with us- other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersWhat we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:- Internal record keeping.- We may use the information to improve our products and services.- We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.- From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.htmlOverall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal informationWe will always ask your permission before using your personal information for direct marketing purposes.If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at girl@girlwithbeads.co.ukWe will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Girlwithbeads, 9 Elmfield Road, Walthamstow, London, E17 7HJ.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.