http://www.primeresource.com/terms-and-conditions
Login | Register
Search form
Consulting Services
Are your customers commoditizing your high-value solutions?
Is it increasingly difficult to forecast results?
Do your customers have value clarity?
Our Senior Consultants can help you answer these most pressing issues.
Custom Programs
Is it difficult to differentiate your high-value solutions?
Are your people selling to executives or are they hung up in mid-level management and the purchasing department?
Are you bringing a customized decision process to your customers?
Our expertise delivers concise processes and diagnostic skills, across functions, to organizations involved in complex sales
Keynote Speaking
Jeff Thull, President and CEO, Prime Resource Group
Keynote Speaker:
Compelling, entertaining, thought-provoking
Track Record:
Over 3500 speeches and seminars delivered worldwide
Author:
Four best-selling books
Thought-Leader:
Sales and market strategies for companies involved in complex sales and solutions.
Bring Jeff Thull into your organization today!
Open Seminars
Mastering the Complex Sale On Location and Online
A Dramatically Different Process for a Dramatically Different Market
An intensive sales training seminar for sales professionals involved in the complex sales of software, technology, capital equipment and high-level professional services.
Open Seminar Schedule
Online Store
Mastering the Complex Sale seminar registrations
Jeff Thull's Best-Selling Books
Audio Books and CDs
Click here for our online product store.
Resource LibraryLatest News
Our Company
Management Consultants
Career Opportunities
Our Customers
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions for www.primeresource.com
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full.
If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
This website uses cookies.
By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to Prime Resource Group's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of Prime Resource Group's [privacy policy / cookies policy].
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, Prime Resource Group and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website.
Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages or other content from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
redistribute material from this website.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Prime Resource Group’s express written consent.
You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without Prime Resource Group’s express written consent.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted.
Prime Resource Group reserves the right to restrict access to other areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at Prime Resource Group’s discretion.
If Prime Resource Group provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
Prime Resource Group may disable your user ID and password in Prime Resource Group’s sole discretion without notice or explanation.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant to Prime Resource Group a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media.
You also grant to Prime Resource Group the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Prime Resource Group or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
Prime Resource Group reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on Prime Resource Group’s servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
Notwithstanding Prime Resource Group’s rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, Prime Resource Group does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied.
Prime Resource Group makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Prime Resource Group does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Limitations of liability
Prime Resource Group will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if Prime Resource Group has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Prime Resource Group’s liability in respect to any:
death or personal injury caused by Prime Resource Group’s negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Prime Resource Group; or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Prime Resource Group to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Prime Resource Group has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees.
You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Prime Resource Group’s officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect Prime Resource Group’s officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Prime Resource Group.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify Prime Resource Group and undertake to keep Prime Resource Group indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Prime Resource Group to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Prime Resource Group’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Prime Resource Group arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to Prime Resource Group’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Prime Resource Group may take such action as Prime Resource Group deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
Prime Resource Group may revise these terms and conditions from time to time.
Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website.
Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
Prime Resource Group may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Prime Resource Group’s rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions, together with the website privacy policy, constitute the entire agreement between you and Prime Resource Group in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect to your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the State of Minnesota, United States, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the [non-]exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Minnesota, United States.
Registrations and authorizations
Prime Resource Group is registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
Jeff Thull's Best-Seller!
Mastering the Complex Sale
How to Compete and Win When the Stakes are High
Download Chapter 1
Order today!
To the Point. with Jeff Thull
Video:
Top three challengesof selling in a complexEra 3 market
Article:
Achieving Predictableand ProfitableOrganic Growth
Is Value Leakage Sabotaging the Execution of Your Strategy?by Jeff Thull Read more
Avoid the Commoditization Trapby Jeff Thull Read more
Selling Gets Complex with Jeff Thull
HBR Blog Network covers Diagnostic Thinking.
Watch the video...
Jeff Thull Debates Needs vs. Value
4352 Willow Drive
Medina, MN 55340
support@primeresource.com
+1 763 473 7529
©2020 Prime Resource Group. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Latest News
Online Store
Contact Us