https://www.adamsknight.com/privacy
Connect
Travel/lifestyle
Financial services
Healthcare
Capabilities
About
Search:
Search this site:
HOME
About
Overview
Leadership
Recognition
Tour
Capabilities
Overview
Advertising
Branding
Content Marketing
Corporate Identity
Digital Marketing
Marketing Technology
Media
Public Relations
Research/Analytics
Social Media
Strategic Marketing Planning
Video Marketing Services
Healthcare
Overview
Work
Clients
Financial services
Overview
Work
Clients
Travel/lifestyle
Overview
Work
Clients
Connect
News
Blog
Careers
Directions
Contact
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Online Privacy Statement
Adams & Knight, Inc. and its affiliates (”Adams & Knight”) value your privacy. This Online Privacy Statement will inform you about how we use and disclose information that we and our service providers collect from your visits to the Adams & Knight website (www.adamsknight.com) and other websites owned or operated by Adams & Knight (each and collectively, the “Website(s)”).
This Online Privacy Statement describes:
What information does Adams & Knight collect and share
How does Adams & Knight use that information
How does Adams & Knight protect that information
What Information Does Adams & Knight Collect
Adams & Knight collects basic personal information (e.g., name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number) provided voluntarily by you through forms on our Websites, through electronic mail you send to us, or through other means of communication between you and Adams & Knight. We collect name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, etc. for shipping and billing purposes. If necessary, mailing lists of your customers with similar information may also be collected.
Adams & Knight does not collect personal information of a more sensitive nature (e.g. social security or other governmental ID numbers, credit card details and account numbers). Adams & Knight uses third party credit card providers (e.g., PayPal) for processing online orders and Adams & Knight does not store such information.
Adams & Knight collects, uses, and discloses identifiable information about individual contacts for its customers in the ordinary course of its business for managing and maintaining the customer relationship. The information it collects includes name, address, invoice information including bank account information, and order information. Adams & Knight may share such information with its affiliates, business partners, service providers or contractors who are required to provide services that you and other customers have requested.
Third party websites
Adams & Knight post links to third party websites as a service to its customers. The Websites contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Adams & Knight is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Websites and to read the privacy statements of every website to which any of the Adams & Knight Websites link, particularly those that collect personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the Websites.
Web User Tracking – Use of Cookies
Cookies are a technology that can be used to help personalize your use of a website. A cookie is an element of information that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or decline at any time. Our Website makes use of anonymous cookies for the purpose of completion and support of Website activity.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection – COPPA
Adams & Knight does not sell its services to children and does not intentionally collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
How Adams & Knight Uses that Information
What does Adams & Knight do with the information it collects
Adams & Knight uses the information it collects to provide you with services that you request. The information collected is for the purpose of transacting business, providing products and services at your request, informing you of new offerings, and personalizing your online experience.
In addition, Adams & Knight stores customers’ name, address information for transaction fulfillment purposes.
Adams & Knight will use such information to improve existing services and the content of the Websites. Adams & Knight uses the information it collects in order to maintain, enhance, and administer our Websites.
When Adams & Knight receives a communication from you, Adams & Knight keeps a record of such communications to help solve any issues that you might be facing. In the event the information you provide to us is an application for employment, that application will be held in accordance with our HR records management policy. You have the option to opt-out or opt-in for further communications from Adams & Knight.
How Adams & Knight Shares Personal Information
Adams & Knight may share personal information as follows:
We may share personal information with your consent. For example, you may let us share personal information with third-party service providers, in connection with the services they provide. Those uses will be subject to their privacy policies.
Circumstances may arise where we may sell, transfer, or otherwise disclose some or all of our business or assets, including our clients’ personal information. These circumstances may include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
We may share personal information for legal, protection, and safety purposes.
We may share information to comply with laws.
We may share information to respond to lawful requests and legal processes.
We may share information to protect the rights and property of Adams & Knight, our agents, customers, and others. This includes enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use.
We may share information in an emergency. This includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.
We may also share aggregated and/or anonymized data with others for their own uses, or to analyze and enhance our business and services.
How does Adams & Knight protect that information
Security
Adams & Knight follows generally accepted industry standards designed to protect the personal information submitted, both during transmission and once Adams & Knight receives it. Adams & Knight uses reasonable measures designed to safeguard personally identifiable information, which measures are appropriate with respect to the type of information maintained. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Monitoring and Enforcement
Adams & Knight regularly reviews its compliance with Online Privacy Statement. We also adhere to several self-regulatory frameworks in addition to complying with applicable law. If we receive formal written complaints, we will follow up with the person making the complaint. We will work with the appropriate regulatory authorities to resolve any complaints that cannot be resolved directly.
Problems Signing In
Our sign-in process is designed to help protect your privacy. If you have trouble signing in to our Website, please ensure that you are using your registered e-mail address and/or correct password. If you are using your registered e-mail address and correct password, and you continue to have trouble signing in to our site, please contact us.
Your Choices
Our marketing emails tell you how to “opt-out.” If you opt out, we may still send you non-marketing emails. Non-marketing emails include emails about your accounts and our business dealings with you.
You may send requests about personal information to our contact information below-or, if you are our client, contact your Account Executive. You can request to change contact choices, opt-out of our sharing with others, and update your personal information.
Special Notification for California Residents
Individual customers who reside in California and have provided their Personal Information to Adams & Knight may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us in writing at privacy.questions@AdamsKnight.com. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified below.
Changes to this Online Privacy Statement
Adams & Knight may revise this Online Privacy Statement from time to time by posting a revised Online Privacy Statement on our Website and changing the last modified date at the bottom of the Online Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to modify this Online Privacy Statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Online Privacy Statement. Your use of the Services following these changes means that you accept the revised Online Privacy Statement.
Contacting Adams & Knight
Adams & Knight is firmly committed to preserving the electronic privacy of all its users as provided in this privacy statement. We encourage all users to read this Online Privacy Statement carefully. If you have any questions about this Online Privacy Statement, the practices of this website or your dealings with this site, you may contact us at: privacy.questions@AdamsKnight.com
Last updated November 20, 2018.