http://www.carlson.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Disclaimer, Terms & conditions of use, Privacy policy & GDPR compliance
Disclaimer
Area of applicability
This is the official website of Carlson Filtration Ltd and serves the purpose of providing customer information.
Intellectual property and other rights
Carlson Filtration Ltd is the owner and operator of this website. All brands, names, titles, logos, pictures, designs, texts and other materials appearing in it are the property of Carlson Filtration Ltd. Calling up, downloading or copying does not confer any rights. Reproduction, irrespective of whether in full or in part (electronically or by other means), modification, linking or use of the website for public or commercial purposes is permissible only with the prior written approval of Carlson Filtration Ltd.
Exclusion of liability
Carlson Filtration Ltd excludes all liability (including negligence) arising from the access or inability to access the website or individual elements thereof and their use. Access and use of the website are not guaranteed. The Internet is an open network, accessible to all, and therefore cannot be regarded as a safe environment. Although the individual data packages are generally transmitted in encrypted form, this does not apply to the sender and recipient. Moreover, data may be transferred abroad and thereby to a country in which the standard of data protection is lower than that in the United Kingdom, even when sender and recipient are in the United Kingdom. Carlson Filtration Ltd excludes any liability for the security of data in transit via the Internet. Where the Carlson Filtration Ltd website contains links to third-party websites, no warranty nor responsibility and liability for the content and the adherence to the legal data protection regulations on the part of the operator of the linked pages is provided.
Website Terms and conditions of use
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Carlson Filtration Ltd's relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, you are not permitted to use our website.
The term 'Carlson Filtration Ltd' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Butts Mill, Barnoldswick, Lancashire, BB18 5HP. Our company registration number is 02269239, in England & Wales. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are the property of their respective trade mark owners.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
Copyright notice
All content, unless otherwise stated, is copyright © 2018 Carlson Filtration Ltd Ltd (company 02269239) Butts Mill, Barnoldswick, Lancashire, BB18 5HP. All rights reserved.
GDPR compliance statement
Carlson Filtration Ltd. (“Carlson Filtration Ltd”) respects and complies with the EU General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
Some of the key ways we comply with these regulations are:
Consent
We explain what you’re consenting to clearly and without ‘legalese’, and ask that you explicitly consent to contact from us.
Breach Notification
In the event of a breach we will notify affected users within 72 hours of first having become aware of the breach.
Right to Access
Users can request confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning them is being processed, where and for what purpose. Further, we shall provide a copy of the personal data, free of charge, in an electronic format.
Right to be Forgotten
Once we have compared your (the subjects') rights to "the public interest in the availability of the data", we may delete your personal data where you have requested this.
Data Portability
We allow you to receive the personal data concerning you, which we will provide in a 'commonly used and machine readable format' and you have the right to transmit that data to another ‘controller’.
Privacy by Design
We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures, in an effective way, in order to meet the requirements of this Regulation and protect the rights of data subjects'. We hold and process only the data absolutely necessary for the completion of our duties (data minimisation), as well as limiting the access to personal data to those needing to act out the processing.
Privacy policy
Section 1 - What do we do with your information?
If you choose to fill in a contact form on our website, we will store that information for 6 months and only use it for the purpose of contacting you in relation to that enquiry.
When you browse our site, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing: With your explicit permission, we may send you emails about our products and other updates.
Section 2 - Consent
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information we ask you to explicitly consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at sales@cfhdesign.co.uk or mailing us at: Carlson Filtration Ltd Butts Mill, Barnoldswick, Lancashire, BB18 5HP
Section 3 - Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so.
Section 4 - Data Storage
Your data is stored through Carlson Filtration Ltd’s data storage and databases. We store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Section 5 - Third-party services & links
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
When you click on links on our site, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Section 6 - Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your personal information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with industry-standard encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we implement generally accepted industry standards.
Section 7 - Cookies
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not. Opt-out by altering your web browser’s settings to reject cookies.
Google Analytics – we use Google Analytics to measure how our site is used by visitors and to generate reports for our own use. Google Analytics does not collect any personally identifiable information about you.
Section 8 - Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
Questions and contact information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at sales@cfhdesign.co.uk or by mail at Carlson Filtration Ltd Limited below:
FAO: Privacy Compliance Officer
Carlson Filtration Ltd, Butts Mill, Barnoldswick, Lancashire, BB18 5HP
×
We use Cookies - By using this site or closing this you agree to our Cookies policy.