https://www.deansblinds.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Our Website
Cookie Policy
This website makes minimal if any use of cookies. The only cookie currently in use is used to support analysis and understanding of how people use the website (what they like most, when is the busiest time of day on the site, have people found new content when it is published, etc.). We perform this analysis to help us improve the usage and effectiveness of the website. The data collection and reporting behind this analysis is currently provided by Google Analytics. Your continued use of this website will indicate your agreement to the use of this cookie. More information on this cookie and advice on how to stop this cookie being used is set out below
USE OF “COOKIES”
If our contact and dealing with you is via our website(s), we may use “cookies”. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from our web server to your computer and stored in a text file on your hard drive. Cookies allow us to identify your computer but not you personally. You can set your web browser to refuse cookies. We use cookies to measure site usage and related information. If you are making a purchase we may also use cookies to keep track of the transaction from one web page to another. Our website(s) may contain links to other sites not controlled by us. These sites may send you cookies and collect data and personal information.
(1) About cookies
Cookies are files, often including unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website, and to identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
(2) How we use cookies
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
(a) to recognise your computer when you visit our website;
(b) to track you as you navigate our website, and to enable the use of the [specify feature, e.g. shopping cart] on our website;
(c) to improve the website’s usability;
(d) to analyse the use of our website;
(e) in the administration of this website;
(f) to personalise our website for you[, including targeting advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
(3) Third party cookies
When you use our website, you may also be sent third party cookies.
Our advertisers/service providers may send you cookies. They may use the information they obtain from your use of their cookies:
(a) to track your browser across multiple websites;
(b) to build a profile of your web surfing;
(c) to target advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
(4) Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
(a) in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector
(b) in Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, and un-checking “Accept cookies from sites” in the “Privacy” box.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use the identify feature(s) on this website.
(5) Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer:
(a) in Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files;
(b) in Firefox, you can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you “clear private data” (this setting can be changed by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Settings” in the “Private Data” box) and then clicking “Clear private data” in the “Tools” menu.
Obviously, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
We are not responsible for the actions, content or the privacy policies of those websites to which our website(s) may link. It is your responsibility to check the status of these sites
MONITORING
To ensure that we carry out your instructions accurately, to help improve our service and in the interest of security, we may monitor and/or record: (1) your telephone calls; (2) customer activities using CCTV recording equipment in and around our premises; and (3) customer transactions and activities on our website. All recordings are and shall remain our sole property and be used for the purposes of crime prevention and detection.
SECURITY STATEMENT
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to the website).
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Any changes to this Policy will be either posted on our website, made available on request or supplied with your next contract arrangement with us. We will strive to ensure our practices comply with the most current available version of this Policy.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email using the CONTACT FORM on our website or by post to our registered address on the CONTACT FORM.
DATA CONTROLLER
The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is Deans Blinds. Our data protection registration number is Z6022827.