http://www.trainafoods.com/general-privacy-policy
Jump to Navigation
You are hereHome > General Privacy Policy
Last Modified: December 2018
The security of your personal information is extremely important to us and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide to us when visiting our website as well as our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies only to information we collect through this website, our social media sites, and other electronic messages between you and Traina Foods. Please read the policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your information. By continuing to access or use this website, you agree to this privacy policy. The policy may change from time to time; your continued use of the website after changes are made is considered acceptance of the changes so please check the policy periodically for updates. If at any time you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, we can be contacted as follows:
Email: CustomerCare@traina.com
Mailing Address:
Traina Foods
PO Box 157
Patterson, California
95363
Telephone:  209-892-5472
Facsimile:   209-892-6231
Traina Foods does not disclose your personal information to third parties unless they are in direct business with us and need access to your information in order to fulfill an order.
Information We Collect
There are two main types of information we collect: information that personally identifies you and information that is about you but does not individually identify you such as, which web browser is used to access our website, how many people have accessed the website and which pages they are accessing.
Information You Provide to Us
With regard to information that personally identifies you, we may collect information such as names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, user names, passwords, payment information (e.g. credit card number and billing address) and information about your company. We collect this information when you provide it to us such as:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website. This includes information provided at the time of placing an order or registering for an account with us or for our email list. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us or when you report a problem with our website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys.
Details of transactions you carry out through our website and the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information when placing an order through our website.
You may also provide information to be published or displayed (“posted”) on public areas of the website (for example, product reviews) or on our social media sites. Your contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk as we cannot control the actions of other users of the website or our social media sites.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, software and browsing actions including:
Details of your visits to our website, including traffic data and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on our website.
Details regarding the general geographic location of users of our website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical only and does not include personal information. It allows us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Child Privacy
Our website is not intended for children under 13 years of age.  No one under age 13 may provide any information through this website. We do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from children under the age of 13. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us immediately. Contact information can be found at the beginning of this policy.
How We Use Your Information
We do not disclose your personal information to third parties unless they are in direct business with us and need your information to fulfill an order. We use the information that we collect about you, or that you provide to us, in the following ways:
To fulfill any purpose for which you provided the information (e.g. to processing, billing, fulfilling and shipping orders).
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To keep track of general traffic to our website.
We may also use your information to contact you about products and promotions that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you may do any of the following:
Contact us as indicated below (see Remove Your Name from Our Email List)
Click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email we send to you.
Information regarding orders placed and fulfilled are kept for the requisite seven (7) year time period. However, we use the services of Authorize.net and PayPal to process credit card payments and as such we are never in possession of your payment information. Emails regarding inquiries are deleted immediately once they have been addressed while emails regarding complaints or problems may be kept for up to three (3) years.
Disclosure of Your Information
When necessary we may share customer information with our affiliated companies in order for them to complete a transaction and/or mail you the product you ordered. We often contract with third parties to provide specific services to carry out our business obligations. These services may include activities such as credit card processing, or shipping. In those instances, we will provide only the information that is necessary for the third party to provide the requested services.
Your information may also be disclosed to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Traina Foods assets whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or other proceeding in which personal information held by Traina Foods about our website users is among the assets transferred.
Finally, we may disclose your information if necessary to comply with the law, applicable regulations, court orders or subpoenas, to respond to any government or regulatory request, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may contain links to third party sites over which we have no control. Similarly, our social media sites are on platforms established and maintained by third parties and as such, we have no control over the information collected and used by those parties. Privacy policies on such linked sites and social media sites may be different from our privacy policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policy for any site you visit.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the website and visiting your account profile page. You may also send an email to CustomerCare@traina.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement.
Remove Your Name from our Email List
If you no longer wish to receive email communications from us regarding our website, special offers or services, and/or products, you may choose to stop receiving these emails at any time. Information on how to opt out of receiving marketing email is provided in every email or you may contact us using one of the methods below. Please be sure to include your full name, email address, and specifically what type of information you do not want to receive. If you opt out of receiving communications via email, this may reduce or eliminate the offers and other promotional benefits you receive.
If you opt out of receiving marketing emails, we will continue to send you transactional emails regarding order confirmation and shipment notification when you place an order with us.
Email: CustomerCare@traina.com
Mail:
Traina Foods
Attn: Customer Care Service – Website Email Opt Out
PO Box 157
Patterson, California 95363
Because customer communications are often prepared well in advance of deployment, you may continue to receive some communications for up to ten days after you initiate your request. We appreciate your patience during this time.
Data Security
Please be advised that the transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure and any transmission of personal information over the website is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website.
The safety of your information also depends on you. When you have established an account with us, you are responsible for keeping your username and password confidential. For your security, we recommend that you do not share this information with anyone.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
SIGN UP & SAVE!
15% OFF ON YOUR FIRST ORDER
Don't Miss Out
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
SUBSCRIBE
Subscribe to our Newsletter to receive news, tips, recipes and exclusive offers.