http://www.oscpa.com/about/privacy-policy
My OSCPA
My Profile
My Firm
My CPE
Get Involved
Join the Speakers Bureau
Volunteer
Join the Writers Bureau
Evolve
Member Directory
Committees
Chapters
Member Benefits
Member Discounts
100% VIP Program
Membership Card
Awards & Honors
Pay Dues
CPA Referral Service
CPE
My CPE
Course Catalog
Conferences
Self-Study & On-Demand
Webcasts
Certificate Programs
Facilities
Policies
CPE Requirements
Careers
Jobs
Post a Job
Future CPAs
Advocacy
Governmental Affairs
CPA-PAC
Legislative Contact Program
Find Your Legislators
News
News
Articles
CPA Focus
Classifieds
Resources
Resources
Business and Industry Resource Center
Financial Literacy
Future CPAs
Leadership Guide
Peer Review
Public Practice Resource Center
ROI CPE Toolkit
Speaker Portal
About
About
Contact Us
Board of Directors
Staff
Educational Foundation
Advertising & Sponsorship
Media Kit
Bylaws
Privacy Policy
For the Public
For the Public
Find Your CPA
Why Hire a CPA
Need a Speaker?
Financial Literacy
Ethics Information
Search
Login
Join
$0.00
About
Contact Us
Board of Directors
Staff
Educational Foundation
Advertising & Sponsorship
Media Kit
Bylaws
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Oklahoma Society of CPAs (OSCPA) maintains www.oscpa.com for your personal information, education and communication. You may download material displayed on the website for non-commercial, personal use, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost or use the content of the website for public or commercial purposes, including the text and images, without the OSCPA's written permission.Your access to and use of the site is also subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the www.oscpa.com you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions.
Terms and Conditions
Service Marks
The OSCPA, its website images and text, all page headers, custom graphics and button icons are service marks, trademarks and/or trade dress of the OSCPA and may not be used by others without prior written permission of the OSCPA. All use thereof inures to the benefit of the OSCPA. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited in the site are the property of their respective owners.
Security
The OSCPA has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our commitment to keeping your online transactions safe. The OSCPA utilizes a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Certificate issued by VeriSign to secure all online forms. The quickest way to verify that a page is secure is to look at the web address (URL) of the current page. If the URL has an "s" after the http (https://), the page is secure and any information sent via that page is secure. Depending on the browser, you will also typically see a lock in the bottom right corner of the browser screen.
Personal Information Protection
The OSCPA takes your privacy very seriously. We have a strict policy regarding your personal contact information. The OSCPA will not sell or give your email address and phone number(s) to any third party. We will, on occasion, sell mailing lists (that only include preferred mailing addresses) to third parties as a source of non-dues revenue for the OSCPA. You may, at any time, opt out of third-party mailings by emailing the OSCPA Membership team at membership@oscpa.com.
As a user of the website, you are responsible for keeping your password safe. To do so, the OSCPA highly recommends that you do not divulge your OSCPA password to anyone for your own protection. If you feel your account access or password has been compromised, please contact the OSCPA immediately or change your password now.
Computer Tracking
Our web server routinely tracks and collects general information from online visitors to our website to help manage our site and improve services. This information may include the pages visited on the site, the date and time of each visit, the Internet address (URL or IP address) of the referring site, the domain name and IP address from which the access occurred, the version of the browser used and similar types of information. We collect this information to determine the number of daily visitors to our site, the daily requests for particular files, the types of browsers our visitors use, and to help customize our web site to better meet your online needs.
Cookies
The OSCPA uses cookie technology to help visitors move faster through the site. When you sign on to our site, we pass a cookie to your computer. A cookie is a string of information that's sent by a website and stored on your hard drive or temporarily in your computer's memory. These cookies have no personally identifying information in them of use to any third party; they only have information useful by our site. This leads to quicker navigation and a generally more positive experience searching for the information you desire. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may turn them off in your browser, or you may set your browser to ask you before accepting a new cookie; however, our site will not function properly if session cookies are blocked.
Photo Policy
The OSCPA or its contractors may photograph or videotape OSCPA events. Attendees agree to allow their image to be used in OSCPA publications, web site and marketing materials. Images may also be shared with the media. Attendance at OSCPA events waives the OSCPA from liability resulting from these uses.
Changes in Policy
The OSCPA reserves the right to change this policy at any time by posting the new policy on our website.
Questions or Concerns
If you have questions or concerns about the OSCPA's Privacy Policy please contact our Membership Department at (405) 841-3800 or (800) 522-8261, ext. 3850.
Back to Top