http://www.kccontrols.co.uk/legal/privacy-policy/
07984
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Legal Documents
This statement is provided with the intention to comply with your right to be informed under the General Data Protection Regulation. We have also considered your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations.
We may hold and process the following information:
Your personal and contact details including your name, address, telephone numbers, emails, Particulars of your employment including your job title, Particulars of your qualifications and skills including references, licences, certificates and training, Sensitive information including protected characteristics under the Equality Act 2010 for Equal Opportunities Monitoring and Compliance
IT usage information including email addresses, log-ins, passwords for portals, URLs, IP addresses, We are the controller and we are also the processor of this information. This data has been gathered with your consent from your previous giving of this information, your receipt of Marketing communications from us and/or your purchase or interest in our products and services.
You can email our Data Protection Officer at marketing@kccontrols.co.uk or call 01293 538940
Your data will be used to continue to provide you with details and information relating to our products and services offered by KC Controls Group and any other Company or business undertaking owned or controlled by, or associated with, the KC Controls Group e.g. sister, parent and subsidiary companies. This is done on the basis of your continued consent. Should you withdraw your consent, your data will then be retained and added to our ‘Unsubscribed User’ lists so that we are aware to no longer provide you with details and information relating to our products and services.
The recipients of your data are us and we anticipate that we may need to share personal data with any other Company or business undertaking owned or controlled by, or associated with, the KC Controls Group e.g. sister, parent and subsidiary companies. It is not anticipated that there will be any other recipients nor any transfers of data to a third country. Accordingly, it is considered that safeguards for the transfer of data to a third country are not necessary. Should this change you will be notified.
Your data will be kept until such time that you request you no longer wish for us to provide you with details and information relating to our products and services and for a further period thereafter of 6 years. This period has been set for the protection of our organisation in the event of any complaint or claim for breach of contract or professional negligence claim. If such a claim has been filed, the data will be retained for a period of 6 years following resolution of that claim and for 6 years following the resolution of any further claims. This period has been determined for the protection of the organisation in the event any professional negligence or breach of contract claims in the event we use representation to defend any claims.
You have the right to be informed of fair processing information with a view to transparency of data. This statement is intended to fulfill that right
You have the right to access the information we hold. You should make such a request in writing to our Data Protection Officer using the above contact information. We shall provide the data within 1 month. In exceptional cases we may extend this to 3 months. You will be notified within 1 month when we believe this to be an
KC Controls (UK) LLP I 15-17 Bell Center, Newton Road, Crawley, RH10 9FZ I Registered No. OC351120 I VAT No. GB983460200 exceptional case requiring a longer period of compliance. Where a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse the request. In the event of a fee or refusal, you will be advised of this and your further rights relating to the fee or refusal.
You have the right to request the information we hold is rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete. You should contact our Data Protection Officer using the above contact information and provide him with the details of any inaccurate or incomplete data. We will then ensure that this is amended within one month. We may, in complex cases, extend this period to two months.
You have the right to erasure in the form of deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing. We have the right to refuse to erase data where this is necessary in the right of freedom of expression and information, to comply with a legal obligation for the performance of a public interest task, exercise of an official authority, for public health purposes in the public interest, for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific research, historical research, statistical purposes or the exercise or defense of legal claims.
You will be advised of the grounds of our refusal should any such request be refused.
You have the right to restrict our processing of your data where you contest the accuracy of the data until the accuracy is verified. You have the right to restrict our processing of your data where you object to the processing (where it was necessary for the performance of a public interest task or purpose of legitimate interests), and we are considering whether our organisation’s legitimate grounds override your interests. You have the right to restrict our processing of your data when processing is unlawful and you oppose erasure and request restriction instead. You have the right to restrict our processing of your data where we no longer need the data and you require the data to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim. You will be advised when we lift a restriction on processing.
You have the right to data portability in that you may obtain and reuse your data for your own purposes across different services, from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability. The exact method will change from time to time. You will be informed of the mechanism that may be in place should you choose to exercise this right.
You have the right to object to the following: processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling); direct marketing (including profiling); and processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics
The data collected is not anticipated to fall within the above categories.
Whilst there is no anticipated automated decision making relating to the data you provide, you have rights where there is automated decision making including profiling. We may only do this where it is necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract, authorised by EU or the UK law or based on your explicit consent. Whilst it is not anticipated that this will occur, where it does, we will give you information about this processing, introduce to you simple ways for you to request human intervention or challenge a decision, and carry out regular checks to ensure that our systems are working as intended.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority such as the Information Commissioner’s Office or any other of our regulators or accreditors that may regulate or provide accreditations to us from time to time.
We advise that you exhaust our internal complaints procedure prior to referring the matter to any supervisory, regulatory or accrediting body. A copy of our complaints process is available from our Data Protection Officer at the contact information above
Latest News
4 Things to Consider when Choosing a Pressure Sensor
Nov 24, 2020
|
ABB, Blog When choosing a pressure sensor for process control and monitoring in a gas flow system or a distillery component, plant operators are faced with an array of choices. Modern pressure sensors are equipped to provide accurate measurements under arduous operating...
ABB’s New Ultrasonic Level Transmitter is Ultra Stable, Intelligence Driven, User Friendly and Reduces Costs
Nov 17, 2020
|
ABB, Blog ABB has just launched a new feature-rich ultrasonic level transmitter designed specifically for industries with large installed bases of level measurement devices, particularly water and wastewater treatment. With its modular design and intelligent algorithms, the...
Twitter
twitter feed
Parker can support you with an extensive product range for your LNG / CNG applications with a fantastic legacy of u… https://t.co/XNHlUco7hU10 days agoParker manufactures a range of products at its facility in #Sheffield - UK. Discover how the UK is still at the for… https://t.co/BYaicOhveO25 days agoHealth and safety risks associated with #Coal dust-generating in #Mining can be greatly reduced by applying rigorou… https://t.co/RLXyaGfI0S38 days ago[Blog Post] Materials Selection: Choosing the Right Mix to Prevent Corrosion in your Installation… https://t.co/fUfBt7tmWD51 days agoHow can #OilandGas companies reduce power usage and emissions in off-grid operations, while maintaining uninterrupt… https://t.co/cyw0VWtR1f51 days ago
Talk To Us Today
Speak to an expert within seconds about our extensive range of products and services.
Sign Up to our Newsletter
Make sure KC Controls can stay in touch with you and bring you all the latest News, Video Tutorials, Product Videos & Promotions plus many more.
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Gmail