https://www.pcplimited.com/privacy-policy/
Proactive Consulting for Professionals Limited
MENUMENUHome
About Us
Services
Action Plan DraftingCold Audit File ReviewHot Audit File ReviewAudit Regulatory VisitsISQC 1 Quality Control and Audit Compliance ReviewsSmall Practice Assistance SchemeIn House Training
ShopContact Us
Privacy Policy
PCP respects (and is committed to protecting) your privacy. PCP thus takes steps to handle any personal information collected on this website and in other forms, only in ways compatible with this Privacy Policy.
This website may collect certain information about your visit – such as the name of the internet service provider and the internet protocol (IP) address through which you access the internet, the date and time you access the site, the page(s) that you visit while on the site, and the internet address of the website from which you linked directly to this site.
PCP is the sole owner of the information collected on this website, and www.pcpproducts.com. PCP does not (or will never) sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in the privacy statement below. This information is used only to administer this website, analyse trends and to generally help improve this site, and will never result in your receiving of spam e-mails.
Log Files:
PCP keeps log files on broad fields to track user movements, analyse trends and gather demographic data. This is not linked to a visitor’s personal identification in any way.
Cookies / Tracking Technology:
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the visitor’s hard drive containing information about the visitor. Cookies and tracking technologies are useful for gathering information, such as browser types and operating systems, tracking the number of visitors to a website and understanding how visitors use the websites they browse. This information can help customise a website for specific users. Advertisers connected to PCP might at times require cookies to track statistics about products and locations, but they will not be supplied with any personal identification details of users. However, PCP generally uses cookies for login convenience only.
Links:
This Privacy Policy applies solely to PCP. PCP is not necessarily aware of, nor is responsible for, differences in privacy statements of external websites linked to or from ours.
Email Communications:
Visitors who registered to receive email communications from PCP can unsubscribe to this service at any time. We only send email communications to previous customers with a legitimate interest and those individuals who have submitted details on this site. Any personal information (solely an email address) stored in the PCP database will be treated as confidential and will never be shared or sold to any third party.
Sharing:
PCP does not harvest the information of third parties when visitors share a page of this website in social circles.
Changes To This Policy:
PCP may need to update this policy from time to time, in order to address new issues and reflect changes on this website. Please refer back to this policy regularly.
PCP Mailing List
Email Address
Please tick checkbox to confirm you would like to join the PCP mailing list
PCP will use the information you provide on this form to stay in touch with you and to provide updates and marketing. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website. We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Web Development by Citrus Cube Design | Visit our sister site Kudos International - An Accounting and Auditing Network | Visit PCP Global web site
Proactive Consulting for Professionals Limited is a company registered in England and Wales.
Registered Office: 1 Grange Wood, Grammar School Lane, West Kirby, Wirral, CH48 8BU.
Company Registration Number: 03905318
Tel: ++44 (0) 151 625 7042 | E-mail: info@pcplimited.com |
PCP © 2020 - All rights reserved
Testimonials | Privacy Policy