https://www.cera-india.com/privacypolicy/
Privacy Policy
Cart 0Sign Up / Log In
Home
Sanitaryware
Virtual Walk Through
EWCs
Wash basins
Cisterns
Seat Covers
Urinals
Electronic flushing systems
Special needs range
Bath accessories
Water Saving Products
Kids range
Faucets
Virtual Walk Through
Foot Operated Faucet
Single Lever Faucets
Quarter Turn Faucets
Half Turn Faucets
Sensor & Touch Faucets
Showers
Special Need Products
Other Allied Products
Health Faucets
Bathroom Accessories
Cera Auxiliaries
Tiles
Virtual Walk Through
By Application
Floor Tiles
Wall Tiles
By Category
Glazed Vitrified Tiles
Polished Vitrified Tiles
Double Charge
Full Body
Soluble Salts
Parking Tiles
Step & Riser
Ceramic Floor Tiles
Ceramic Wall Tiles
Elevation Tiles
By Name
Lucido
Refinito
Identity
Elegante
Patio
Digitale
Eterno
Fiore
Ruvido
By Finish
High Gloss Polish
Glossy
Matt
Matt Sugar
Satin
TR Coating
Wood Matt
Sugar
Stone Matt
Polished
Rustic
By Concept
3D
Book match
Single Tile Book Match
Allied
Wellness – Virtual Walk Through
Wellness
Kitchen Sinks – Virtual Walk Through
Kitchen Sinks
Mirrors
Statue of Unity
Style Fix
Style Seal
Cerena
Water Heaters
Contact Us
Offices
Registered Office & Works
Corporate Office
Regional Offices
Cera Style Studio
Cera Style Gallery
Cera Tile Gallery
Cera Style Centre
Cera Tile Centre
Dealers
Sanitaryware and Faucets
Tiles
International Sales
Feedback
Product Enquiry
Product Registration and Warranty
Cera Care
Corporate & IR
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information (email address, name, phone number, etc.) from you when you set up a free account with www.cera-india.com. While you can browse some sections of our site without being a registered member, certain activities (such as placing an order) do require registration. We do use your contact information to send you offers based on your previous orders and your interests.
Sharing of personal information
The information we receive about you or from you may be used by us or shared by us with our corporate affiliates, dealers, agents, vendors and other third parties to help process your request. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small piece of information stored on a Web browser so it can be later read back from that browser. Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a given user. www.cera-india.com places temporary cookies in your computer’s hard drive. www.cera-india.com’s cookies do not contain any of your personally identifiable information.
Security
Our site has stringent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Whenever you change or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. Once your information is in our possession we adhere to strict security guidelines, protecting it against unauthorized access. Sensitive data is hashed or encrypted when it is stored in our infrastructure. Sensitive data is decrypted, processed and immediately re-encrypted or discarded when no longer necessary. We host web services in audited data centers, with restricted access to the data processing servers. Controlled access, recorded and live-monitored video feeds, 24/7 staffed security and biometrics provided in such data centers ensure that we provide secure hosting.
Opt-Out Policy
Please email ecom@cera-india.com if you no longer wish to receive any information from us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically.
Questions?
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the following address: ecom@cera-india.com
Download Mobile App
Awards & Accolades
Blog
Certifications
Media Coverage
Video
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Catalogue
Warrarnty Manual
Newsletter
Career
Site Map
Glossary
© 2019 CERA Sanitaryware Limited. All rights reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok