http://www.triteksolutions.com/policies/privacy/
Professional Representation
for Best-in-Class Manufacturers
Test Instruments & Systems
Sensors & Transducers
Power Supplies & Embedded Computers
System & RF/Microwave Components
Customer Support
Site Map
Corporate Home
Helpful Links
Customer Support
Site Map
Website Terms
Privacy Policy
TritekSolutions.com Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Tritek Solutions, Inc.:
* We don't ask you for personal information unless we
need it.
* We don't share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop and sell our products, or protect our rights.
* We don't store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals:
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Tritek Solutions, Inc. collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Tritek Solutions, Inc.'s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Tritek Solutions, Inc.'s visitors use its website. From time to time, Tritek Solutions, Inc. may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Tritek Solutions, Inc. does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Tritek Solutions, Inc. also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. to discourage spammers.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Tritek Solutions, Inc.'s website choose to interact with Tritek Solutions, Inc. in ways that require Tritek Solutions, Inc. to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Tritek Solutions, Inc. gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account to provide an email address. Those who engage in transactions with Tritek Solutions, Inc. are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Tritek Solutions, Inc. collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Tritek Solutions, Inc.. Tritek Solutions, Inc. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Tritek Solutions, Inc. may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. For instance, Tritek Solutions, Inc. may monitor the most popular accounts. Tritek Solutions, Inc. may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Tritek Solutions, Inc. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Tritek Solutions, Inc. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Tritek Solutions, Inc.'s behalf or to provide services available at Tritek Solutions, Inc.'s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Tritek Solutions, Inc.'s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Tritek Solutions, Inc. will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Tritek Solutions, Inc. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Tritek Solutions, Inc. believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Tritek Solutions, Inc., third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Tritek Solutions, Inc. website and have supplied your email address, Tritek Solutions, Inc. may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Tritek Solutions, Inc. and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Tritek Solutions, Inc. takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Tritek Solutions, Inc. may use cookies to help Tritek Solutions, Inc. identify and track visitors, their usage of Tritek Solutions, Inc.'s website, and their website access preferences. Tritek Solutions, Inc. visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Tritek Solutions, Inc.'s website, with the drawback that certain features of Tritek Solutions, Inc.'s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy ChangesTritek Solutions, Inc. may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Tritek Solutions, Inc.'s sole discretion. Tritek Solutions, Inc. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Tritek Solutions, Inc. account, you should also check the dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Tritek Solutions, Inc., 22362 Gilberto, Suite 200, Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688, Tel: (949) 609-0560, Fax: (949) 609-0561
© Copyright 2011-2020 Tritek Solutions, Inc. Website by ReaLife WebDesigns. term of use | privacy policy | home