https://www.simon.com/legal/privacy
Find Nearby Centers
Quick Links
Find Nearby Centers
See All Properties
Mall Insider
VIP Club
Brands
Simon Giftcard®
Travel & Tourism
Suggested Results
Legal Information & Notices
PRIVACY POLICY
LEGAL NOTICES
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
California Privacy Rights
Web Accessibility Statement
API Terms of Use
Code of Conduct
Digital Assets Terms of Use
Directories & Screens Privacy Policy
Mobile Text Terms of Use
Retailer Showcase Terms of Use
Social Media Guidelines
Tax Documents Access Agreement
User Generated Content Terms of Use
Wi-Fi Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
California Privacy Rights
Web Accessibility Statement
API Terms of Use
Code of Conduct
Digital Assets Terms of Use
Directories & Screens Privacy Policy
Mobile Text Terms of Use
Retailer Showcase Terms of Use
Social Media Guidelines
Tax Documents Access Agreement
User Generated Content Terms of Use
Wi-Fi Terms of Use
Last Updated: November 19, 2020
Contents/Quick Links
Purpose and Applicability
What We Collect and How
How We Use Information
How We Share Information
Do Not Sell My Personal Information; Opt-out; Children; State-specific Rights (e.g.,
California, Nevada, etc.)
Information Security
Non-US Residents
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Purpose and Applicability
This Privacy Policy/Notice (“Notice”) sets out the privacy practices of Simon Property Group, L.P. and
its affiliates (“Simon”) for their websites (“Sites”), mobile applications
(“Apps”), touch-screen directories (“Directories”) in Simon-affiliated properties
(“Properties”), digital out-of-home ad panels in Properties which include large-format LED screens
(“Screens”), closed-circuit security systems at the Shopping Properties (“Security Systems”), and
Internet-based activities (“Web Services”), including, without limitation, the Sites at simon.com, premiumoutlets.com,
premiumoutlets.ca,
retailersupport.simon.com,
helpme.simon.com,
business.simon.com,
investors.simon.com,
careers.simon.com,
family.simon.com,
said.simon.com,
dashboard.simon.com,
maintenance.simon.com,
traveltrade.simon.com,
exit.simon.com,
syf.org, simon-tourism.force.com,
simonmuse.com, simonschoolrewards.com,
simonventures.co and
simon.travel (including
all of its subdomains). The Web Services include, without limitation, the Simon API, the Simon Spot Saver solution, e-mail,
push notifications and SMS/MMS communications and the Simon
Wi-Fi network in Properties. The Sites, together with the Apps, Web Services, Directories, Screens, and
Security System are the “Platform.”
The Simon-affiliated entity that operates a Site or App is identified within that Site or App. The words
“user,” “you” and “your” mean users of any part of the Platform, and the words
“we,” “our”, and “us” mean the Simon-affiliated entity that operates the
applicable portion of the Platform.
This Notice explains the information that we gather about you while you use the Platform, the ways in which we use,
secure, and share that information, and your rights regarding your personal information. Also, this Notice sets forth
state specific rights you may have, including, for example, if you are a
California “consumer” as set forth in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). This Notice does not apply to any information you may provide us, or
that we may collect by other means not covered in this Notice.
1. What We Collect and How
We collect information through the Platform, including personal information about you. Some information you may enter
or provide to us yourself, while other information, like cookie, location, and device data, we gather or derive
through various means. We will retain that information for so long as you have an account or we have a legal or
business purpose for it, unless otherwise stated herein. Your personal information may be collected, processed, and
stored on servers in the United States and in other countries. The following explains what we collect and how we
collect it.
1.1 Information You Enter or Provide to Us Directly
You may provide us with information in order to use, or participate in, certain features of the Platform, including,
without limitation: registering for an account; for
Simon Giftcard®,
Simon Rewardcard Visa Prepaid Card or
American Express Simon Rewardcard purchases;
retailer gift card purchases;
gift card registrations;
gift card activations; creating a
gift card account;
gift card balance checks; requesting an eReciept for a gift card purchase, using one of many
"Contact Us" forms;
applying for a job; registering for or using the
Simon retailer showcase program; using the in-Property
Simon Wi-Fi network; signing up for
Simon press release news alerts; submitting a survey response;
requesting support or assistance; signing up and/or using the
Simon Family program; leaving a comment within a
Simon SAID story; creating a
Premium Outlets VIP Shopper Club account; signing up for
e-mail newsletters (a/k/a the
Simon Mall Insider® program); contacting the
Simon Ventures team; signing up for the
Simon School Rewards loyalty program, signing up for
Simon Muse e-mail newsletters; direct messaging us via Instagram or Twitter; starting a conversation with us on
Facebook Messenger; posting to Simon-affiliated
social media sites or participating in Simon-sponsored social media contests or sweepstakes; joining or using the
Simon Travel Trade community; signing up for
mobile SMS alerts (a/k/a the
Mobile Shopper Club®);
making a donation or
applying for a scholarship with the Simon Youth Foundation; RSVP'ing to an event; sharing a picture to be featured within a
Simon SAID image gallery; signing up for an online waitlist via Simon Spot Saver; or playing any instant win game or sweepstakes online.
Accounts. If you register for an account at one of the Sites, Apps, or the Simon Wi-Fi Network, you will need to
provide certain information, such as your first and last name, password, and e-mail address. You may also have the
option to provide additional information for a user profile, such as your photo, demographic information, and
birthdate. You may log into your account to access and edit certain information associated with your account, such as
your contact information.
Online Purchases. If you make a purchase on the Platform, you will need to provide the following information:
Financial Information. To pay for your Simon Giftcard® purchase you will either be redirected to the
retailer's website where you will pay the retailer directly, or we will collect your credit card number and associated
information, which we process in order to fulfill your purchase. In order to provide information for your receipts and
past orders and to facilitate future orders you may make, at your request, we may store your credit card information. If you are
making a purchase of a Simon Giftcard® or other merchandise from a Simon Guest Services or Property Management Office location in one of our shopping centers
and opt to receive an eReceipt, a permanent token of your credit or debit card that is being used to pay for your gift
card purchase will be stored in a secure manner.
Purchase & Shipping Information. We collect the information in your Cart, such as the specific Simon Giftcard® or other type of
products that you wish to order and the billing and shipping information for those Giftcards or products, including the
recipient's first name, last name, mailing address, e-mail address and telephone number.
Other Places You Provide Information. You may have the opportunity to provide information at other areas of the
Platform. You understand and agree that when you
provide us with photographs, audio, video, blog or social media posts, or other original
content through the Platform as described in this section of the Notice, you are agreeing
to our Terms of Use for User-generated Content. The
following are examples of other places on the Platform in which you provide us
information or content:
Communications with us. If you provide feedback through a form or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name
and e-mail address, as well as any other content or information you provide.
Surveys, promotions, etc. We collect information you provide by participating in surveys, sweepstakes, contests,
promotions or other solicitations.
Public postings. We may also collect information you post at other areas of the Platform, such as public areas of
the Platform including message boards, blogs, social media sites, and reviews.
Human Verification Online. On many of our web forms on the Sites and Apps, we utilize the Google reCAPTCHA service
to fight spam and abuse on our Platform and verify that you are a human and not a “bot” based on a score
returned to us from Google’s servers after you interact with that third-party service. The use of reCAPTCHA is
noted by the presence of a badge image that appears in the bottom right corner of a user’s screen. For
clarity, web forms on the Sites and Apps that incorporate the third-party reCAPTCHA service are also subject to Google’s
Privacy Policy and Google's
Terms of Use.
Augmented Reality. You may provide us with information in order to use, or participate in,
certain features of the Platform, such as taking a selfie photograph, interacting with an augmented reality
(“AR”) application that creates an image of some or all parts of your face, or texting a web
link to your mobile phone number in one of our Shopping Properties. Any selfie photograph(s) you take and/or AR images
that you create (does not include photograph(s) that are over-written with re-takes) are publicly stored and hosted
on a cloud image server indefinitely. We also store privately and securely any mobile phone numbers shared with us
in order to maintain a required contact history and opt-in / opt-out status.
Offline Bulk Gift Card Purchases. If you qualify for buying gift cards in bulk from us in-center, you may need to
provide certain information, such as your first and last name, billing address, email address, phone number, date of
birth, federal tax ID, a U.S. government or state issued ID (ex. military ID, passport number, state driver’s
license or state identification card number) and/or your social security number in order for us to be able to verify
and sell you certain denominations of gift cards and/or volume of gift cards. We will then securely store this
information as required by law or our financial partners.
1.2 Information We May Gather from You; Cookies, Device, Location, and Other Site Visit Information
Information collected on Sites. When you access any of the Sites through a web browser, including on mobile devices,
we collect technical information that identifies your computer, software, browser settings and Internet Service
Provider (ISP). This includes your Internet Protocol (IP) address (a unique number that is automatically assigned to your
computer when you access the web); your network MAC address (a unique number that is assigned to your network card by the
manufacturer); your AdID (the unique identifier assigned to you for advertising purposes); your network operator; your browser
type and version; your operating system and version; your domain name; your device's preferred language; country information
configured in your browser; a randomly assigned, unique user identification number (UID) set by us; and/or other
characteristics relating to your device, its software and the mode of communication with us; as well as information
regarding your visit to any Site, such as the date, time and duration of a visit, the specific webpages you visit, the
links you click throughout any Site, and/or the external websites from which you arrived at any Site or to which you
linked from any Site (see our Cookie
Policy for more information). When you use the Sites, we also collect location data that is provided by
your ISP or a third party data provider, such as your ZIP code, city, and state. You may choose not to accept cookies
using your browser. See our Cookie
Policy for more information.
Information collected on Mobile Apps. When you access any of the Apps using
your mobile device, we collect the unique device ID number of the mobile device; the unique identifier assigned to
your mobile device for advertising purposes, such as your Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) on iOS devices or your
Google Advertising ID (AAID) on Android devices; your Bluetooth MAC address (a unique number that is assigned to your
Bluetooth radio by the manufacturer); as well as information about your mobile device model, operating system and
version, and/or mobile communications carrier. When you access any App using your mobile device, we collect the
location data (such as your current latitude/longitude coordinates) that is provided by your mobile device (if you
enable that feature on your device and choose to share your location with us).
Information collected over Wi-Fi. We use Wi-Fi technologies and, at times, Bluetooth (BLE) Beacons within our Properties
that may communicate with your device and identify your device's location, if your device is Bluetooth and/or Wi-Fi
enabled and you have these radio(s) on. The information collected includes the following: your device’s MAC
Address, your device manufacturer (such as Apple or Samsung), signal strength and, if your device is connected to a Wi-Fi
network, the name of the network.
When you are near a Simon Wi-Fi network with a Wi-Fi enabled mobile device, our Wi-Fi access points (i.e., the
hardware devices that allow a Wi-Fi enabled mobile device to connect to our Wi-Fi network) may automatically detect
the presence of your mobile device and capture its “MAC Address” (meaning the number that your mobile
device automatically broadcasts if the Wi-Fi feature is turned on to help it connect to Wi-Fi Access points). We refer
to this information as “General Visit Information.” General Visit Information is collected that identifies the
location of your mobile device as it moves across different locations within the Properties that use this technology. For
clarity, this information is automatically collected if your device’s Wi-Fi is enabled, even if you do not
actually “connect” to a Simon Wi-Fi network.
Wi-Fi data collection is done by both Simon directly and via various third-party vendors which have agreed to keep your information confidential and only help us
process your data for the purposes stated in this Notice.
In addition, when you register to use the Simon Wi-Fi network we provide at our Properties, you will be
required to consent to our Wi-Fi
Network Terms of Use and provide certain registration information. Registration information will include
personally identifiable information (such as your name, e-mail address and/or mobile phone number). By consenting to
the Wi-Fi
Network Terms of Use, you agree to the following: (a) the sharing of registration information with third parties
for the purposes described in this Notice, including, without limitation, personalizing shopping experiences and improving business
operations; (b) the linking of your registration information with your past, present, and future location data. For
information on opting-out of these methods of gathering information, visit the opt-out section of
this Notice.
Information Collected Off-line for Security Purposes. Simon maintains photographic and video (which may include
audio) surveillance as part of the Security System at the Properties for the protection of shoppers, tenants, employees,
the Center, and, in each case, their property. Simon may take and store images or video of you, including thermal scans, any
merchandise you have with you, and your vehicle (including license plate information) when you visit the Properties or
drive through the parking lot at one of the Properties as part of the Security System. Simon may review such images or
video taken by the Security System and take appropriate action, including providing copies of any such images or video
to governmental authorities, including, without limitation, law enforcement and public health officials, for the personal safety of or to protect or recover the property of our shoppers, tenants,
employees, or the Center. Simon may retain any images or video taken by the Security System for a reasonable amount of
time to fulfill the purposes stated in this paragraph of the Notice.
2. How We Use Information
Platform Operation. We use the information we collect to operate, maintain and improve the Platform and our products
and services, such as to respond to comments and questions and provide customer service; send information including
confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
link or combine the information we collect
with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your interests and provide you with better
service; or content, to improve our Platform, or to communicate with you regarding promotions, upcoming events, and
other products and services offered by us and/or by third parties, including through the use of contextual and
interest-based advertising; protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity;
provide and deliver the products and services you request; identify you as a user in our system, such as when we feel
it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms of
Use or to protect the Platform, customers, or other individuals; facilitate the creation of and secure any
accounts you created on our Platform; develop and improve marketing and advertising for the Platform; and/or for other
purposes in operating the Platform.
We may create de-identified information records and "aggregate data" reports about how users use the Platform, such
as the number and frequency of visitors to the Sites or the Apps, which may be derived from technical and/or personal
information. This information cannot be readily tied back to you, your account, your web browser, your image, or your
mobile device. We may use this de-identified information for business purposes, such as to enhance the content of and
improve the Platform, for example by allowing us and third-parties authorized by us to ascertain how often individuals
use areas of the Platform so that we may focus on and improve those areas.
We may use technical data we gather to enable us or a third-party to provide you with information about products and
services while you are using the Platform.
We may use your mobile phone number for the purposes stated herein, including for mobile SMS/MMS messaging or content
in accordance with our mobile
text terms of use.
Location Information. We may use the location and Wi-Fi information gathered to generate reports, which we may share with retailers and other third-parties to improve the consumer experience at our
Properties, and in order to provide specific services, such as locating a nearby Property when you make such a request. We may
also use this information to send you news about the Center, such as promotions from Property retailers, and to provide
advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Third-parties may process location data as
service providers to us, such as to facilitate marketing campaigns or to perform fraud detection and analysis on our
behalf. Please see additional information in Section 1.2, above, regarding third party use of information collected in
connection with location-based information.
Advertising. We use analytics services, advertising companies, advertising networks, and advertising exchanges to
help analyze how users use and navigate the Platform and to engage in advertising on our behalf and on behalf of Property
retailers, including contextual advertising, mobile geo-fence based advertising, re-targeting based advertising and
interest-based advertising. These companies may use data about your visits to the Platform and other websites or
mobile applications in order to provide advertisements outside of the Platform about goods and services that may be of interest to you which
are offered by us or by our retailers. Those third-party advertising companies are instructed to follow industry guidelines with regard to
interest-based advertising, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance's principles for online behavioral advertising.
Among other things, the ads that are displayed to you should have the AdChoices icon or a similar mechanism which you
may click to direct you to a website where you may opt-out of interest-based advertising.
However, those third-party advertising companies maintain their own privacy policies and those companies are
responsible for all activities outside of the Platform.
If you would like more information about this practice and how to opt-out of receiving communications from these third-party advertising
companies, please visit
this
link
.
Various data collected for advertising purposes may be restricted through cookies. See our Cookie
Policy for more information.
3. How We Share Information
We share your information with others as follows.
Other Users. If you create an account, information such as your username, photo, birthday, and other information you
enter may be displayed to other users of the Platform to facilitate user interaction within the Platform. We will not
reveal your contact information to other users without your permission.
Some of your activity on and through the Platform is public by default. This may include, but is not limited to,
content you post publicly through message boards, blogs, social media, or reviews on the Platform. If you choose to
provide information using certain public features of the Platform, that information may be governed by the privacy
settings of those particular features and may be publicly available. Individuals reading such information may use or
disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and without your knowledge, and search engines may
index that information.
Promotions. If we sponsor surveys, sweepstakes, contests, promotions, or other solicitations for third-parties, we
may share the information you provide with those third-parties. We may also share such information with third-parties
that provide marketing and advertising on our behalf, as well as with our retailers.
Your Transactions. We may share your information to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it, such as to purchase
merchandise or Simon Gift Cards and have it shipped to you, or for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide
the information, or with your consent, or to third-parties designated by you. We may share financial information with
our third-party payment processing company, our credit card gateway and fraud detection company, our remote checkout
bot company and any applicable retailers.
We use various third-parties that may do one or more of the following activities in regard to credit card
transactions: (a) validate, screen for fraud, facilitate, and process credit card transactions, (b) charge and settle
credit card transactions, and/or (c) tokenize, vault and store credit card data. We require those third parties to use
your information only to process the credit card transactions for us.
To fulfill a Simon Corporate Sales Gift Card purchase, we will share your purchase and shipping information with our
third-party e-commerce vendors. Generally, they will use the information for customer service, fulfillment, shipping
and returns. We may also share your purchase and contact information with third-parties that provide marketing and
advertising services on our behalf.
Social Media. We may share certain data, such as your mobile telephone or e-mail contact information, with social
media outlets, like Facebook and Instagram, in connection with our agreement to share such information with them, in
order to provide more targeted advertisements about goods and services from us or Property retailers that may be of
interest to you.
Location Data. We may share location data collected from your ISP, Sites, and/or the Apps via your mobile device with
third parties that provide marketing, advertising, and analytics services on our behalf, as well as for our retailers.
Please see additional information in Section 1.2, above, regarding third-parties who may receive location-based
information.
Our Affiliates. We may share any and all of your information you have provided or we have collected, purchased,
derived or produced with our subsidiaries and entities in which we have an ownership interest or are under common
control with us, including but not limited to the Shop PO, LLC, which includes the website ShopPremiumOutlets.com,
(please visit this site or any other site of an affiliate of Simon from which you receive a promotion and
review their separate privacy policies, which may differ from those policies in this Notice)
for purposes of providing you with better service or content, or to communicate with you regarding promotions,
upcoming events, and other products and services offered by us and/or those affiliates, including through the use of
contextual and interest-based advertising.
Third Parties. We may share your information with third-party service providers that assist us in
operating the Platform, for and on our behalf, such as a hosting company or e-mail provider. They are instructed to
use the information only to assist us in operating the Platform. We may also share your information with third-party
service providers other than for their assistance, such as sharing your feedback with our vendors to improve the
Platform. We may also share your information with third-parties that provide marketing and advertising on our behalf,
as well as with our retailers.
We may share de-identified data concerning retail consumer behavior with third-parties, including entities with whom
we have entered into an agreement to provide such de-identified data for analytics or marketing purposes.
We may also share with our retailers de-identified segment information, which is information that does not identify
you personally, but allows the retailers to know more generally the products being purchased through, and the
consumers who are using, the Platform.
Required By Law or To Protect Interests. We may disclose your information to (i) comply with laws, rules,
regulations, legal processes and governmental requests; (ii) enforce this Notice and our Terms of Use,
including investigation of potential violations of this Notice or the Terms of Use; (iii) detect, prevent or otherwise
address fraud, security or technical issues (such as for fraud protection, credit risk reduction and spam/malware
prevention); (iv) respond to user support requests; (v) avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property or the
rights or property of anyone else (such as when a user is believed to be in violation of our Terms of Use);
and/or (vi) protect the rights, property and safety of our companies, partners, contractors, customers, users and the
public (such as to report suspected illegal activity to law enforcement).
Corporate Activity. If we sell assets, a subsidiary (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity or if we are
acquired by or merged with another entity, we may share with such entity information about users of the Platform that
is related to that part of our business that is sold to or acquired by or merged with the other entity.
Financial Information. We do collect financial information only if you make a Simon Corporate Sales Gift Card
purchase. This financial information you provide is securely stored and collected in order to process your order which
involves securely providing this payment data to our payment gateway, fraud detection service, and payment processor
to verify and conduct the payment transaction. For gift card balance lookups / inquiries, gift card registrations and
gift card activations, we do not store the provided financial information beyond the temporal moments required to
perform the requested action.
4. Do Not Sell My Personal Information; Opt-out; Children; State Rights
4.1 In General
Children. The Platform is not directed to children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal
information from children under the age of 18, nor do we knowingly distribute such information to third-parties. If we
become aware that we received personal information from someone under the age of 18, we will take steps to delete such
information from our records. If you believe we have personal information from someone under 18, please contact us at
privacy@simon.com.
We use and disclose the information collected as explained in this Notice. How we use and disclose that information
may be supplemented in the area where you provide the information.
Terminating Your Account. You may terminate an account you set-up on any of the Sites, the Simon Wi-Fi network, the
Apps, etc. by e-mailing privacy@simon.com. If you terminate your account, any
association between your account and information we store will no longer be accessible through your account. We may
retain the information collected prior to termination for archival and/or legal purposes, except as otherwise set
forth in this Notice. Any information you shared in public areas of the Platform will remain in those areas until it
is deleted in accordance with our data retention policy.
Mobile Location Analytics Opt Out. Simon complies with the Mobile
Location Analytics Code of Conduct. As provided for in such code, you may elect to opt out of
associating some General Visit Information about your presence at a location with a device’s MAC Address. If you
choose to opt
out, we will use your device’s MAC Address only to maintain the device’s opt-out status. For
clarity, Simon, Cisco Meraki and AisleLabs may still collect and use (except for direct marketing purposes) your MAC
Address. Please see AisleLabs
privacy policy for more information.
You may adjust the settings on most devices to allow the Sites or App to gather, or to disable it from gathering,
location positioning data. Certain features, such as a Property locator, may not work as effectively if you disable
location positioning data.
Do Not Track. Do not track is a voluntary program among Internet advertisers that is intended to give users the
ability to opt-out of interest-based advertising. There are a few ways in which your computer may transmit a "do not
track" signal to certain websites and online services you visit, and currently no standard has been established. We do
not respond to do not track signals, and the settings in your browser will have no effect on the Sites.
Interest-based Advertising Opt-out. Among other things, the ads that are displayed to you may have the AdChoices icon
or a similar mechanism which you may click to direct you to a website where you may opt-out of interest-based
advertising. If you would like more information about this practice and how to opt-out of receiving communications
from these third-party advertising companies, please visit this
link.
4.2 State Specific Rights
4.2.1 California Privacy Rights
The following are rights specific to consumers and shoppers who are residents of the State of California only (we may
require proof of California residency in advance or in response to a request invoking CCPA rights):
California Privacy Protection Act (CCPA). Consumers (as defined in the CCPA) that use the Platform and who are
residents of the state of California have the right to, no more than twice in any 12 month period, for activities
on the Platform in the 12 months prior to such consumer’s request:
Know what personal information is being collected by Simon about them, for what business purpose, and from what
types of sources;
Access the personal information that has been collected by Simon about them;
Know if this personal information that is being collected by Simon about them is being disclosed to a third-party
or sold to a third-party, and if being sold, whom it’s being sold to *;
Opt-out of the sales of any personal information that is being collected by Simon about them *; and
Request any personal information about you that has been collected by Simon already be deleted.
* NOTE: Simon does not sell any personal information that it collects. For full details on how we may share
information on you, please see our How we share your information section of this
Notice.
To request one or more of these CCPA rights regarding the Platform, please do one of the following:
Send a formal written request to privacy@simon.com with your name,
email address, and if applicable, your mobile phone number (if you receive text messages from Simon) and which CCPA
right(s) you wish to invoke.
As an alternate method, you can also contact us via our toll-free phone number at +1 (855) 960-3928 and leave a
voice mail with your name, email address, and if applicable, your mobile phone number (if you receive text messages
from Simon) and which CCPA right(s) you wish to invoke.
Mail us a request including a photo or scanned copy of your state ID or driver’s license, your name, email
address, and if applicable, your mobile phone number (if you receive text messages from Simon) and which CCPA
right(s) you wish to invoke to the following address:
Simon Property GroupC/O Patrick Flanagan - DPO225 W Washington StIndianapolis, IN 46204-3435 USA
Shine the Light. California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our shoppers
who are California residents to request and obtain from Simon once a year, free of charge, information about the
personally identifiable information (if any) we disclosed to third-parties for direct marketing purposes in the
preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal
information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the
immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please
submit your request in writing to:
Simon Property GroupDigital Marketing - 10th FloorLaura Hale - Online Privacy Coordinator225 West
Washington StreetIndianapolis, IN 46204 USA
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only
information on covered sharing will be included in our response. Also note that under California law, businesses are
only required to respond to a shopper’s request once during any calendar year.
Eraser Law Notice to Minor Users. Registered users of an online service directed towards minors who are under 18
years of age and live in California (“Minor Users”), under California SB 568 (“Eraser Law”),
have the right to request removal of content that such Minor Users post on a website (“Minor Posted
Content”). As stated above, the Platform is not directed to children under the age of 18, so the Eraser Law may
not be applicable to the Platform. Although, the Platform is not directed towards minors, upon receipt of a fully
completed removal
request form, Simon will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove Minor Posted Content from the portion of
the Platform referenced in the request form, as long as your eligibility has been reasonably established. Any such
request to remove Minor Posted Content does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the Minor Posted Content.
Minor Users must complete the removal
request form accurately and in its entirety in order for the request to be processed.
4.2.2 Other State Privacy Rights
Nevada Residents. If you are a resident in the state of Nevada, please note that we do not sell your information to
third-parties for any monetary compensation. Thus, any request from a resident of Nevada directing us not to sell the
information we collect from you is inapplicable, and we will not respond to such requests. If you have any questions
about our third-party disclosure practices, please contact us at privacy@simon.com.
5. Information Security
We endeavor to protect the security of the information collected through the Platform and implement generally
accepted standards of information technology security designed to protect information from loss, misuse, unauthorized
access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. It is not possible, however, to guarantee the security or integrity of
information disclosed online due to, among other things, technological limitations and the fact that no data
accessible through or transmitted via the Internet is completely secure. Simon Gift Card orders involve processing of
data by third-parties, such as online gift card providers, credit card processing companies, fraud detection service
providers, issuing banks, card network issuers, shipping/fulfillment companies, and other parties in order to complete
an order. Those parties with which we contract are required to maintain reasonable measures designed to safeguard the
security of the data they process; however, we do not otherwise have control over and are not responsible for their
handling of such data.
Links to other sites. The Platform may have links to third-party websites, services, and applications, such as
websites hosted by third-party retailers (collectively, “Third Party Sites”). When you click on such a
link, you will leave the Platform and be directed to the Third Party Site and when you leave the Platform, you and are
no longer subject to the terms of this Notice. This Notice does not apply to Third Party Sites, and we do not review
or endorse, and are not responsible for, any Third Party Sites, the content therein, or their privacy practices. This
Notice also does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond
Simon's control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation.
6. Non-U.S. Residents
Residents of other countries outside the U.S., such as the European Union, may have other rights. As stated in our Terms of Use,
while you may be able to setup an account as a user outside the U.S., we make no assurances or representations of any
kind that the Platform is suitable for use in the country in which you reside.
By accessing the Platform, establishing an account or making a purchase, you consent to the processing of your
personal information as provided in this Notice. You may withdraw that consent by contacting us at privacy@simon.com. You are required to provide certain personal information in
order to open and maintain an account. Your failure to provide such information may preclude you from establishing an
account or may subject your account to termination. An account may be required to make certain types of online
purchases, as a guest style checkout option is not always available across all of our Sites and Apps.
If at any point you believe the personal information we process about you is incorrect, you may access your account
and modify it there, or otherwise request to see the information and to have it corrected or deleted by contacting us
at privacy@simon.com. If you wish to object to or raise a complaint on how we
have handled your personal information, you may contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter.
You may also be able to have your personal information transferred by contacting us at privacy@simon.com.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal information not in accordance
with law, you may complain to the data protection authority in your jurisdiction.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU), believe your information has been stored on the Platform, and wish
to exercise one or more of your GDPR rights regarding your personal data on the Platform (which may include Personal
Data Access, Rectification, or Erasure), please do one of the following:
Complete our online GDPR
identity verification form directly (you will be required to upload a photo or scan of a valid photo ID
(e.g., driving license, national identity card, or passport), which we will only use to verify your eligibility. You
must complete this form accurately and completely in order to have your request processed. Once your eligibility is
verified, Simon will use commercially reasonable efforts to complete all applicable portions of the request; or
Mail us a request including a photo or scanned copy of your valid photo ID, your name, email address, and if
applicable, your mobile phone number (if you receive text messages from Simon) and which GDPR right(s) you wish to
invoke to the following address:
Simon Property GroupC/O Patrick Flanagan - DPO225 W Washington StIndianapolis, IN 46204-3435 USA
The data controller for personal information collected pursuant to this Notice for:
syf.org is
Simon Youth Foundation, Inc.
simonventures.co is
Simon Ventures, LLC
all other Sites and Apps is Simon Property Group, L.P.
Our Data Protection Officer (DPO) is Patrick M. Flanagan and you may contact him at privacy@simon.com.
7. Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may amend this Notice from time to time. All versions of the Notice are dated with the effective date of that
version of the Notice (i.e., the date on which the applicable version of the Notice was posted to the Platform). Our
use of information we learn about you will be governed by the most recent Notice in effect. Your use of the Platform
signifies your acceptance of the most recent Notice in effect.
Back To Top