http://www.camdennational.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main contentSkip to footerDocuments in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view,download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.Banking segment currently set to: PersonalPersonalSmall BusinessCommercialInvestAbout Toggle top bar nav
Locations
Contact Us
Investor Relations
Toggle Online Banking Login Login
Close mobile online banking loginClose online bankingBank Anywhere Login HelpLogin ID Password Login
Remember MeEnrollForgot Password?Menu Privacy Policies Dear Fellow Customer:
All of us at Camden National Corporation and its subsidiary, Camden National Bank, value and deeply appreciate the trust you put in us to serve your financial needs as well as your security. As technology advances providing us with new and better ways to serve you, so have the risks to your personal privacy and security. We place a very high priority in protecting your privacy and security of your information.
Below you will find important information about our privacy policies and I urge you to carefully read these detailed disclosures and statements. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the Customer Assistance Center at 800-860-8821 or visit any of our locations. We will be glad to guide you through this information.
Sincerely,
Gregory A. Dufour President & CEO
Camden National Bank Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to individuals who obtain financial products and services from us for personal, family or household purposes. It does not apply to business entities or to transactions that are done for business or commercial purposes. Please review it at your convenience. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Notice,  please contact the Customer Assistance Center at 800-860-8821.
Privacy Notice
Our Privacy and Security Practices
We understand how important it is to protect the privacy of those who visit this web site (the “Site”) or who obtain products or services from us online through this Site. The practices that are discussed below are intended to describe:
The  information we collect from those who visit our Site;
How that information may be used; and
With
whom we may share that information.
We encourage you to read the following information carefully when using the Site, or when providing information to us through the Site. You understand that by using the Site you are accepting our practices as described below.
Information We Collect
We collect the following types of information from those who use or visit the Site:
Online Banking
- We will have access to your information when you apply for or use any of our online products or services. This information is retained on our system in order to provide the services requested.
Email and Online Forms
- We will retain the content of any form or email, email address and our response to your communications received via email for the period of time required by bank regulations. This allows us to retain an audit trail and provide you with the product or service you have requested. Because normal Internet e-mail transmissions may not be secure, you agree that you will not send us any information (other than your name) that identifies you individually (such as your address, date of birth or Social Security number) or your accounts (such as your account number) through email.
Cookies
- We may collect non-personal information and data automatically through the standard operations of our Internet servers or through the use of "cookies." Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard drive by the server for the Site. Cookies are not programs that come into your system and damage files or otherwise read information off of your hard drive. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to you that has no meaning outside the server for the Site that assigned it. You can disallow cookies by selecting the appropriate option from your Web browser.
Web Beacons – We may use web beacons on various pages on the Site. A web beacon is an often transparent graphic image that is placed on a web page. We use web beacons to collect information about the number of people who review pages on the Site, search engine referrals, and browsing patterns within the Site.
Our Use and Sharing of the Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us to Request Services Through the Site
-  If you provide us with personally-identifiable information to request products and services through the Site, we may share the information that you provide to us with third parties in support of your request for these services. For example, if you provide us with information to enroll in our online banking product, we share that information with those service providers who are necessary to offer you that product. However we do not sell or otherwise make our online banking user list available to other third parties.
Correspondence Received Through The Site or Email
-  We may use the information from the correspondence that you send to us via email or through the Site to respond to your inquiry. We do not sell or otherwise share your email and other contact information with third parties. We will, however, send you email notifications of new Site features and topic-based news and information alerts unless you have notified us that you do not wish to receive them.
Cookies
-  Our Site may use cookies to provide enhanced functionality on the Site (e.g., user ID and password prompts) and aggregate traffic data (e.g., what pages are the most popular). This allows us to: (a) recognize repeat users, thus facilitating the user's ongoing access to and use of the Site; (b) track usage behavior and compile aggregate data, thus allowing content improvements and targeted advertising; and (c) store passwords and logon IDs so that you do not have to enter this information every time.
Web Beacons
-  We may use web beacons so that we may better understand the traffic patterns on the Site, to creating reporting tools regarding the number of visitors to the Site, and to help us adjust the content of the Site so that it is more responsive to the interests of those who visit the Site ) as well as to provide relevant product offers.
Other Instances in Which We May Share Information
-  We may reveal personally identifiable information that you provide to us or that we collect through the Site to third-parties if: (a) the information is provided to comply with the law, enforce an agreement we have with you, or to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our employees or others or (b) the information is provided to our agents, vendors or service providers who perform functions on our behalf (and who do so pursuant to agreements with us that prohibit their ability to use your information except to provide services for us).
Our Security Measures to Protect Information
We hold your online information to the same degree of confidentiality as other financial records. We keep completely confidential any information you may provide to us through the Site. To help protect the privacy of data and personally-identifiable information you transmit through use of this Site, we maintain commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative safeguards. We restrict access to any personally-identifiable information that you may send to us through the Site to those employees who need to know that information to respond to provide you with the services that you requested or respond to your inquiry.
Hyperlinks to Third Party Sites
These privacy practices govern your use of this Site. We are not responsible for, and have no control over, the privacy practices, data collection, security, or content of other web sites. Third parties running such sites may have different practices regarding the collection and use of your information than what is detailed here. You should be careful and review the privacy practices posted on third party web sites before using them.
Children’s Privacy
Our Site is a general audience site, and we do not intend to market to or collect, nor do we knowingly collect, personal information from children under the age of 13. Unfortunately, we cannot always determine the age of a visitor to our Site or the sender of an email.
Conditions of Use, Notices and Changes to these Online Privacy Practices
By using this Site, you agree to these privacy practices. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, you should not use this Site. You agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in these privacy practices will be governed by the laws of the State of Maine, and that any legal action or proceeding relating to these privacy practices or your access to or use of this Site shall be instituted in a state or federal court in the State of Maine. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in these courts.
Revisions to these Privacy Practices
We reserve the right to amend these privacy practices at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended practices on this Site. You should check our Site frequently to see the current privacy practices that are in effect and any changes that may have been made to it. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or policies regarding our privacy practices that govern the use of this Site.
Customer Inquiries about these Privacy Practices
We value your relationship. We want you to understand how we use the information you provide and our commitment to ensuring your personal privacy. If you have questions about our practices for Site visitors please call our Customer Assistance Center toll free at 800-860-8821.
Site Privacy Practices Last Updated: July 2019