http://www.heritagebathrooms.com/privacy-promise
We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.
X
Home
-
Our Privacy Promise
Our Privacy Promise
At Bristan Group we promise to protect your data. We value the data you share with us and will always treat it with care and respect, and in clear and transparent manner. Our Privacy Promise is our summary to explain how our brands, Bristan and Heritage Bathrooms, will manage, share and look after your information.
If you’d like to know about this in more detail please read our full Privacy Policy.
What we use data for
We will collect data from you for a variety of purposes, including the management of our relationship with you or your business, to honour our contractual obligations with you, or to develop and carry out marketing activities.
We may also ask you to opt in to communications from us to let you know about other relevant products and services that we offer, but we will only communicate these to you if, and only if, you tell us you’re happy to hear from us.
We promise to collect, process, and store your data safely and securely. We’ll also make sure that the other businesses and trusted partners we work with do the same.
You’re in control of your data
You can review and amend your preferences at any time by logging into your account for Heritage via our website. You can also change or amend any information we have about you by emailing us at gdpr@heritagebathrooms.com to get this updated.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing information from us, you can email us at marketing@heritagebathrooms.com with the header “Unsubscribe".
Cookies
You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop some elements of our website from functioning properly.
To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
Do you need some help or have a question? Chat to our support team now
Do you need some help or have a question? Contact us:
Email us: enquire@heritagebathrooms.com
Customer service: 0330 026 8503
[x]
Got a question? Chat to our support team now
CONTACT US: enquire@heritagebathrooms.com / 03300 268503
Find a Showroom
Select a distance...
20 Miles
50 Miles
100 Miles
REQUEST A BROCHURE
Go
DEFINE YOUR STYLE
TAKE THE QUIZ
Email us enquire@heritagebathrooms.com Call us 03300 268503
© Heritage Bathrooms 2016 |
Pooley Hall Drive, Birch Coppice Business Park, Dordon, Tamworth B78 1SG
| Legal | Contact Us |