https://www.duracell.com/en-us/legal-terms-and-agreements/
Duracell OptimumLithium CoinCoppertop BatteryPower BanksSpecialty & Other ProductsHearing Aid Batteries
Innovation
Global Consumer Sales
Technical Library
For Professionals
Terms & Conditions
Agreement Between User And The Duracell CompanyThe network of Web Sites (collectively, the “Duracell Web Sites”) operated by The Duracell Company or its affiliates or subsidiaries (“Duracell”), is comprised of various Web sites and Web pages. The Duracell Web Sites are offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Duracell Web Sites constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices. Your use of a particular Duracell website included within the Duracell Web Sites network may also be subject to additional terms outlined elsewhere on that website (the “Additional Terms”). Additionally, the Duracell Web Sites may themselves contain additional terms that govern particular features or offers (for example, sweepstakes or chat areas). In the event that any of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein conflict with the Additional Terms or other terms and guidelines contained within any particular Duracell website, then these terms shall control.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE AND DISCLAIMERS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE (this “Site”). By accessing or using this Site, you agree to these terms of use, conditions and all applicable laws. If you do not agree to these terms you may not use this Site.
Modifications Of These Terms Of UseDuracell reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Duracell Web Sites are offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the Duracell Web Sites. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions.
Use Of Site. Personal And Non-Commercial Use Limitation.Unless otherwise specified, the Duracell Web Sites are for your personal and noncommercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the Duracell Web Sites.
You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, electronically copy, download and print hard copy portions of the material from the different areas of the Site solely for your own noncommercial use, or to place an order with Duracell or to purchase Duracell products. Any other use of materials on this Site, including but not limited to the modification, reproduction, distribution, republication, display or transmission of the content of this Site, without prior written permission of Duracell is strictly prohibited.
Harassment in any manner or form on the Site or any of the Duracell Websites, including via e-mail and chat or by obscene or abusive language is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Duracell employee, host, or representative or other members or visitors on the Site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the Site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable, or which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the Site or use the Site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Copyrights And Trademarks.The entire content included in this Site, including but not limited to text, design, graphics, interfaces, or code and the selection and arrangements thereof is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Duracell. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Duracell. Copyright 2016. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names (collectively the “Marks”) are trademarks or registered trademarks of and are proprietary to Duracell, or other respective owners that have granted Duracell the right and license to use such Marks.
Notices And Procedures For Making Claims Of Copyright Infringement.Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to the website’s designated agent. ALL INQUIRIES NOT RELEVANT TO OR NOT COMPLYING WITH THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURE WILL RECEIVE NO RESPONSE.
Duracell respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users and visitors to do the same. Duracell will process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable intellectual property laws. Upon receipt of notices complying with the DMCA, Duracell will act to remove or disable access to any material found to be infringing or found to be the subject of infringing activity and will act to remove or disable access to any reference or link to material or activity that is found to be infringing.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Duracell the following information. Please be advised that to be effective, the Notification must include ALL of the following:
a physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright that is allegedly infringed;
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site;
your address, telephone number, and email address and all other information reasonably sufficient to permit Duracell to contact you;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Notices of claimed copyright infringement should be directed to:
By Mail:
The Duracell CompanyLegal Department14 Research DriveBethel, CT 06801
By Email: white.lj@duracell.com (Please include “Notice of Copyright Infringement” in the subject line.)
IMPORTANT NOTE: THE PRECEDING INFORMATION IS PROVIDED EXCLUSIVELY FOR NOTIFYING DURACELL THAT YOUR COPYRIGHTED MATERIAL MAY HAVE BEEN INFRINGED. ALL OTHER INQUIRIES, SUCH AS PRODUCT OR SERVICE RELATED QUESTIONS AND REQUESTS, OR QUESTIONS ON PRIVACY, WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE THROUGH THIS PROCESS.
Typographical Errors.In the event a Duracell product or service is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, Duracell shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product or service listed at the incorrect price. Duracell shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Duracell shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term Termination.These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the Site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any of them, may be modified or terminated by Duracell without notice at any time for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights and Trademarks, Disclaimer, Claims, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification, Applicable Laws, Arbitration and General, shall survive any termination.
User Participation.Duracell does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the Site and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user generated content on the Site, Duracell is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the Site. However, Duracell reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) violates any law or regulation or (e) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Duracell at its sole discretion. Note that any personally identifiable information you may post or transmit will be treated by Duracell in accordance with Duracell’s Privacy Statement.
User Submissions.Except for any personally identifiable information we may collect from you under the guidelines established in our Privacy Statement, any material, information or other communication you transmit, upload or post to this Site (“Communications”) will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. Duracell will have no obligations with respect to the Communications. Duracell and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or noncommercial purposes.
User Chat Rooms.Duracell may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any areas on the Site where users transmit or post Communications or communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to chat rooms, bulletin boards or other user forums, and the content of any such Communications. Duracell, however, will have no liability related to the content of any such Communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, trademarks, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise.
Third-Party Links.In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, this Site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “External Sites”). However, even if the third party is affiliated with Duracell, Duracell has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Duracell. Duracell has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Links do not imply that Duracell sponsors, endorses, is affiliated with or associated with, or has been legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, service mark, design, logo, symbol or other copyrighted materials displayed on or accessible through such External Sites. Nonetheless, Duracell seeks to protect the integrity of its Site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own Site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).You should contact the Site administrator or Webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such External Sites.
Claims.Each claim or statement about the effectiveness of Duracell products and/or each claim or statement comparing the effectiveness of Duracell products to the effectiveness of other products is expressly limited to the United States, unless otherwise disclosed on the Site.
Disclaimer.Duracell makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this Site’s content or the content of any site or External Sites.
Duracell does not filter advertisements or other content that children may view through our sites or “hot-linked” sites, and they could receive content and materials from the Internet and/or advertising that are inappropriate for children. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to consider using electronic filtering software.
THIS SITE AND THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SERVICES, AND PRODUCTS IN THIS SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TEXT, GRAPHICS, AND LINKS, ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, DURACELL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS, AND WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. DURACELL DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THE SITE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. DURACELL DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR COMPLETENESS, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, USEFULNESS, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limitation Of Liability.IN NO EVENT SHALL DURACELL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL, DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, EVEN IF DURACELL HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION UNDER CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR ANY OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR PERFORMANCE OF THE INFORMATION, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, AND MATERIALS AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Indemnification.You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Duracell, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Provider”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your Internet account (including negligent or wrongful conduct), by you or any other person accessing the Site using your Internet account.
Applicable Laws.Your use of this Site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Site (including but not limited to the purchase of Duracell products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in the State of Delaware. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the Site (including but not limited to the purchase of Duracell products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Duracell’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Duracell may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Duracell makes no representation that materials in the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their content is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Site from locations outside Delaware do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the materials in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. Any claim relating to the materials shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Delaware.
Arbitration.By using this Site, you agree that Duracell, at its sole discretion, may require you to submit any disputes arising from the use of this Site, or these Terms and Conditions concerning or, including disputes arising from or concerning their interpretation, violation, nullity, invalidity, non-performance or termination, as well as disputes about filling gaps in this contract or its adaptation to newly arisen circumstances, to final and binding arbitration under the International Rules of Arbitration of the American Arbitration Association, by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules. Notwithstanding these rules, however, such proceeding shall be governed by the laws of the state as set forth in the previous section.
Any award in an arbitration initiated under this clause shall be limited to monetary damages and shall include no injunction or direction to any party other than the direction to pay a monetary amount. Further, the arbitrator(s) shall have no authority to award punitive, consequential or other damages not measured by the prevailing party’s actual damages in any arbitration initiated under this section, except as may be required by statute.
General.Duracell may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current Terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site.
Use of Cookies.The Duracell Company and its trusted third parties (collectively “Duracell”) provide a variety of services on our websites using cookies. We place cookies on your device in order to provide you with personalized access to essential services, enhance website functionality and to deliver to you online ads that are tailored to your interests. These tailored ads are called Interest-Based Ads or Online Behavioral Advertising.
Duracell adheres to the EDAA Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and Directive 2009/136/EC of the European Parliament.
Per Directive 2009/136/EC, we may require a visitor to a Duracell site to explicitly provide their choice regarding the use of cookies on that site. Providing explicit choice is driven by the implementation of this directive in each EU country. While compliance is directed to residents of the specific EU country, on sites that require explicit consent to cookies any visitor to these Duracell sites will need to respond to the cookie prompt.
What is a Cookie?
Cookies are small files placed on your computer or device by a website or mobile application. The cookie has a unique ID assigned to your device, but does not contain any of your personal information like name or email address. It helps to navigate from page to page on a website, provide secure connections, and remembers preferences from a previous visit, when you return. To see how Duracell uses cookies to provide you with information and services, see below.
Operational cookies:
We use cookies to provide services on our websites. These services include user log-in, managing the items in your Shopping Carts, setting language preferences and security protection. These cookies are essential to the operation of the site.
Non-Operational Cookies / Other Technologies:
We also use cookies to provide other services or to help us improve our products and services. This includes giving you the opportunity to provide ratings and reviews about our products and services, order free samples and print money-off coupons, link to Social Media sites, and set controls for audio and video players. Information we collect through cookies allows us to personalize communications with you and show you Interest-Based Ads.
Some cookies provide us statistics about the number of visitors and the web pages viewed. This information helps us to design more useful content for you. You may refuse cookies, but this may limit your use of the site and its various features, and reduces our ability to improve our products and services and provide engaging content.
Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA) Cookies:
We also collect information through OBA Cookies to serve Interest-Based Ads according to certain general interest categories or segments that we have inferred based on information such as:
The web pages you view and links you click on Duracell websites and other websites you visit.
Mobile applications you use.
The Duracell emails you view and links you click from within the email.
Demographic data.
Offline and online purchase data.
We have designed our interest-based advertising systems to deliver Interest-Based Ads to you based only on data that does not personally identify you.
We do not collect sensitive personal information (as defined by Directive 2009/136/EC) from you without first obtaining your consent.
We use third party service providers to help administer our interest-based advertising systems. We require that these third party service providers protect the information they use on Duracell’s behalf for online behavioral advertising and not to use it for any other purpose.
We Respect your Privacy
Your Choices regarding receipt of interest-based advertising on websites:
You can prevent your receipt of interest-based advertising on websites by deleting and declining cookies in your web browser(s). You can read more about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/.
If you don’t want us to place non-operational or online behavioral advertising cookies on your device, you can refuse.
Note: Refusing online behavioral advertising cookies does not mean you won’t see any online ads. It just means that your ads for Duracell products won’t be based on your interests. You may still receive interest-based ads from other companies – where you have not opted out of their cookies.
Our Addresses.United StatesThe Duracell Company
14 Research Drive
Berkshire Corporate Park
Bethel, CT 06801
United States
MexicoDDI Batteries Mexico S. de R.I. de C.V.
Ciudad de Mexico Regus Cygni
Alfonso Napoles Gandara 50
Piso 4 Col. Pena Blanca Santa Fe
Ciudad de Mexico 01210
Mexico
EuropeDuracell International Operations Sarl
Route de Saint-Georges 47
1213 Petit-Lancy
Switzerland
Latin AmericaThe Duracell Company
1450 Centre Park, Suite 165
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Middle East and AfricaDuracell International Operations Sarl
Route de Saint-Georges 47
1213 Petit-Lancy
Switzerland
JapanDuracell Japan Godo Kaisha
Regus Economy Office 155, 20F
Yokohama
Sky Building, 2-19-12 Takashima
Yokohama 220-00
Japan
ChinaDuracell (China) Ltd.
Regus 15F Once Corporate Avenue
No. 222 Hubin Road
Huangpu District
Shanghai 200021
China (P.R.C.)
AustraliaDuracell Australia Pvt. Ltd.
Level 4
1 Innovation Road
MacQuarie Park
NSW 2113
Australia
Last updated: February 2, 2016