http://www.collegeloan.com/privacy/
Skip Navigation
After navigation
Privacy Policy
WHAT DOES COLLEGE LOAN CORPORATION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
College Loan Corp Contact
Facts
Examples of information Edvisors has or may collect from those who use our websites and services
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law
gives
consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires
us to tell
you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this
notice
carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the
product or service you have with us.  This information can include:
Social Security number and income
transaction history and account balances
credit history and payment history
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as
described in
this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their
everyday
business.  In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share
their
customers' personal information; the reasons College Loan Corporation chooses to share;
and whether
you can limit this sharing.
Examples of information Edvisors has or may collect from those who use our websites and services
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does College Loan Corporation share?
Can You Limit This Sharing?
For our everyday business purposes -
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court
orders and legal
investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes -
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don't
share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes -
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't
share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes -
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't
share
For our
affiliates to market to you
No
We don't
share
For
nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't
share
Questions?
Go to
www.collegeloan.com/contact/
Examples of information Edvisors has or may collect from those who use our websites and services
What we do
How does College Loan Corporation protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security
measures that
comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured
files and
buildings.
How does College Loan Corporation collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example,
when you
apply for a loan or give us your income information
give us your contact information or provide employment information
pay your bills
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus,
affiliates, or other
companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your
creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit
sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control.
They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or
control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
College Loan Corporation does not share with nonaffiliates so they can
market to
you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial
companies that together market financial products or services to you.
College Loan Corporation does not jointly market.
This notice is effective as of July 12, 2015