http://www.seetrax.com/privacy-%26-gdpr-policy
XL Designer PCB CAD Free 30 Day DemoHomeLatest NewsXL DesignerOverviewDetailsDownloadsPrices & OrderingInstructional VideosElectra Auto-RouterXL Designer FAQ'sProductsPCB Depaneller/SeperatorPCB Edge FinisherConsumables & SparesDocuments & ManualsAgentsAbout UsMoreHomeLatest NewsXL DesignerOverviewDetailsDownloadsPrices & OrderingInstructional VideosElectra Auto-RouterXL Designer FAQ'sProductsPCB Depaneller/SeperatorPCB Edge FinisherConsumables & SparesDocuments & ManualsAgentsAbout UsHomeLatest NewsXL DesignerProductsDocuments & ManualsAgentsAbout Us
GDPR Update - 15th May 2018We take your privacy and data security seriously and on 25th May, new data protection regulations (GDPR) come into force. If you haven’t updated your contact details with us by then, we cannot inform you about updates that you may be entitled to, technical support bulletens, exclusive deals for existing customers, new product launches or offers that become available from time to time. To ensure you don’t miss out you must opt in!If we have your email address, then you will receive an email from us in the next couple of days explaining that a reply is required - if you haven't received it by 17th May 2018 then please contact us or we will not contact you again - we'll be sad to lose you!Privacy Policy
This website is operated by Seetrax CAE Limited.We take your privacy very seriously and we ask that you read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on the personal information we collect about you, what we do with your information, and who your information might be shared with.This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us will be processed by us. Who we are
Seetrax CAE Limited ('we' or 'us') is the 'data controller' for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, (i.e. we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal information).
What information do we collect and retain?
Personal information provided by you, including your name, company address (or home address if you purchase as an individual), contact details (including your email address and telephone number (landline and/or mobile), product selections and details of your purchases. We will collect this information when you place an order, register on our websites (www.seetrax.com and/or www.xldesigner.com) to download our software for evaluation or permanent use, request a software license or use any online form on our website.We will keep records of relevant communications between us (such as orders).By submitting this information you consent to our use of the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time. We gather this information to allow us to process your request.If you provide us with personal information about another person, you must ensure that before you provide us with their personal information, you have their agreement to do so and that they are aware of the ways in which we use personal information as set out in this policy.
Monitoring and recording communications
We may monitor and record communications with you (such as telephone conversations, letters and emails) for the purpose of quality assurance, training, fraud prevention and compliance.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your computer (or electronic device) when you use our website. We may use cookies and other similar tracking technologies on our website.For example, we may monitor the number of times you visit our website, which pages you go to, traffic data, location data and the originating domain name of a user's internet service provider. This information helps us to build a profile of our users. Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually.You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the websites below tell you how to remove cookies from your browser, however, some of our website features may not function as a result. For further information on cookies generally visit About Cookies or All About Cookies.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, for example we will use your name, email address, telephone number and address to process your order with us.To identify you and manage any accounts you hold with us.To conduct research. To send out offers.To notify you about changes to our products and services and to otherwise communicate with you.To notify you of any changes to our services that may affect you.To help us review, update and improve the goods and services we offer to you.
Marketing
We would like to send you information by email or telephone about our special offers.We do not pass your details to any other companies.You can opt out at any time by contacting us. If, at any time, you wish to check your information or have your information removed from our active databases, please contact us. We will ensure that your preferences are updated or the information is deleted as soon as reasonably practicable.
Who your information might be shared with
We may disclose your personal data to third parties such as our agents and service providers who carry out activities on our behalf. These activities may include fulfilment of orders, delivery of packages and processing payments.External agencies and organisation including law enforcement agencies in connection with any investigation to help prevent unlawful activity.
Keeping your data secure
We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data, for example, access to your online account is controlled by a password and user name that are unique to you.While we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal data, you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet. If you have any particular concerns about your information, please contact us.
What can I do to keep my information safe?
If you would like more information on protecting your information and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit Get Safe Online which is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
What rights do you have?
You have the right to request a copy of your information which we hold.If you would like a copy of some or it, please email, call or write to us, let us have enough information to identify you, and let us know the information you want a copy of. We may charge a small fee (£10) for this service.You can require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold free of charge. If you would like to do this, please email, call or write to us, let us have enough information to identify you, and let us know the information that is incorrect and what it should be replaced with
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the information we hold about you using the link in the menu at the top of the page.
Changes to the privacy policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. You should check this policy occasionally to ensure you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access this website.
Making a Complaint
If you wish to make a complaint about the way that we handle your personal data, you may contact the Information Commissioner's Office through their website at: www.ico.org.uk
Seetrax CAE LtdWoodstock, Hangersley Hill, Ringwood, Hampshire, England, BH24 3JP Email: Sales@seetrax.com
Tel: 01425 489666Privacy and GDPR PolicyCopyright © 2019 Seetrax - All Rights Reserved.  Company Reg Number 4788498
VAT No. 816 0507 53