http://www.dewarbrothers.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Dewar Brothers Limited (“we”, “our” or “us”) is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to www.dewarbrothers.com (the “Website”). Please read the following Privacy Statement and our Cookie Policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us.
By using the Website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this Privacy Statement. Each time you use this Website you will be bound by the then current Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy and you should review these each time you use the website to satisfy yourself that you are happy with their contents.
When you visit, register or order products or services either on our Website, or by contacting us directly in person, or by telephone or email, you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, contact details and credit or debit card information.
We may also collect information about your usage of our website as well as information about you from messages you post to the website and emails or letters that you send to us.
Use of your information
We use your information to supply you with goods or services ordered by you, to bill you and to contact you about an order. We also analyse information provided by you and others to help us administer, support, and improve our business.
We may use your information to contact you to tell you about important changes or developments to the website or our services, or to obtain your views on our services.
Where you have agreed, we may use your information to let you know about other products and services which might be of interest to you. This contact may be by post, telephone, fax or email. If you want to stop receiving information about other products and services, you can opt out at any time by contacting us at packaging@dewarbrothers.com
Disclosure to Other People
We will never sell or rent your details to a third party.
We may pass aggregate information on the usage of our site to third parties, but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. If all or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, the personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
We may need to pass information about you to other companies, agents, service providers and employees to carry out services. We will employ appropriate security measures to protect your personal information where this is the case.
Unless required to do so by law or as otherwise set out in this Privacy Statement, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you use the internet. When you visit a particular page on the Website, our servers log your IP address.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a web service and stored on your computer’s hard drive to identify you as the user of the website. Many internet sites use cookies.
Our website uses cookies to keep track of our access to the site. We may also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. You can set your browser preferences to reject all cookies, but this will prevent you from using most customised services and you may have to repeatedly enter log in information in order to use some services. Cookies make your experience easier by saving your preferences. For further information on our use of cookies please see our Cookie Policy.
Security
We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. However, as no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you transfer the data at your own risk.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
Changing Your Information
You have the right to request a copy of the information held by us about you. You also have the right to access your data, have changed any inaccuracies in the details we hold about you, the right to object to the use of your data and the right to block any specific uses of your data, by means of a request to packaging@dewarbrothers.com
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
Any changes to our Privacy Statement in the future will be posted to the website and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification.