http://www.petplan.co.uk/privacy-and-legal/
About Petplan
Help & Contact
How to Claim
Log in/Register
Toggle navigation
Pet Insurance
Dog Insurance
Cat Insurance
Rabbit Insurance
Multipet Insurance
Other Pet Insurance
Pet Advice
Dog Advice
Dog Breeds
Cat Advice
Rabbit Advice
About Petplan
Help & Contact
How to Claim
Log in/Register
Get a quote
Home
The Petplan Fair Processing & Legal Notice
Fair Processing
Legal Notice
Cookie Policy
The Petplan Fair Processing & Legal Notice
Fair Processing Notice – how we use personal information
1. Who we are
When we refer to “we”, “us” and “our” in this notice it means Allianz Insurance plc.
When we say “you” and “your” in this notice, we mean anyone whose personal information we may collect, including:
anyone seeking an insurance quote from us or whose details are provided during the quotation process
policyholders and anyone named on or covered by the policy
anyone who may benefit from or be directly involved in the policy or a claim, including claimants and witnesses.
2. How we use personal information
We use personal information in the following ways:
to provide quotes, administer policies and policyholder claims to fulfil our contract
to administer third party claims, deal with complaints and prevent financial crime to meet our legal obligations
to manage our business and conduct market research to meet the legitimate needs of our business
to send marketing information if we have received your specific consent.
You are not obliged to provide us with personal information, but we cannot provide our products and services without it. You have the right to object to us using your personal information.
You can do this at any time by telling us and we will consider your request and either stop using your information or explain why we are not able to.
Further details can be found below.
3. Marketing
We use your personal information to market products and services to you.
Our marketing activities may include:
providing information to you about products and services by telephone, post, email and SMS, we will either do this ourselves or use third party partners to do it for us
working with selected partners to display relevant online advertisements to you, and to our other customers, on third party websites and social media platforms. To do this, we may provide our partners with some of your personal information in an encrypted format, which they use only to identify the appropriate audiences for our advertisements. We ensure that our partners delete this information once the advertisement audiences have been identified, and do not use the information for their own purposes.
If you do not wish to receive marketing information about our products and services you can tell us at any time by using the contact details found in section 10, “Know your rights”.
4. Automated decision making, including profiling
We may use automated decision making, including profiling, to assess insurance risks, detect fraud, and administer your policy. This helps us decide whether to offer insurance, determine prices and validate claims.
If you disagree with the outcome of an automated decision please contact us using the details in section 10.
5. The personal information we collect
We collect the following types of personal information about you so we can complete the activities in section 2, “How we use personal information”:
basic personal details such as name, age, address and gender
family, lifestyle and social circumstances, such as marital status, dependants and employment type
financial details such as direct debit or payment card information
photographs and/or video to help us manage policies and assess claims
tracking and location information if it is relevant to your policy or claim
identification checks and background insurance risk details including previous claims information
medical information if it is relevant to your policy or claim
criminal convictions if it is relevant to your policy or claim
accessibility details if we need to make reasonable adjustments to help
business activities if it is relevant to your policy or claim.
6. Where we collect personal information
From you, your representatives or from information you have made public, for example on social media.
From other persons or organisations, for example:
credit reference and/or fraud prevention agencies
emergency services, law enforcement agencies, medical and legal practices
veterinary practices, animal charities and breeders
insurance industry registers and databases used to detect and prevent insurance fraud, for example the Motor Insurance Database (MID), the Motor Insurers Anti-Fraud and Theft Register (MIAFTR) and the Claims and Underwriting Exchange (CUE)
insurance investigators and claims service providers
other insurers or service providers who underwrite the insurance or provide services for our products
other involved parties, for example claimants or witnesses.
7. Sharing personal information
We may share your personal information with:
other companies within the global Allianz Group www.allianz.com
credit reference, fraud prevention and other agencies that carry out certain activities on our behalf, for example the Motor Insurance Database (MID), the Insurance Fraud Bureau (IFB) and marketing agencies if agreed
our approved suppliers to help deal with claims or provide our benefit services, for example vehicle repairers, veterinary advisors, legal advisors and loss adjusters
other insurers, third party underwriters, reinsurers, insurance intermediaries, regulators, law enforcement and the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) and other companies that provide services to us or you, for example the Claims and Underwriting Exchange (CUE)
prospective buyers in the event we wish to sell all or part of our business.
8. Transferring personal information outside the UK
We use servers located in the European Union (EU) to store your personal information where it is protected by laws equivalent to those in the UK. We may transfer your personal information to other members of the global Allianz Group to manage your insurance policy or claim; this could be inside or outside the EU. We have Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs) which are our commitment to the same high level of protection for personal information regardless of where it is processed. These rules align with those required by the European Information Protection authorities. If you would like more information about the BCRs please contact our Data Protection Officer.
Some of our suppliers have servers outside the EU. Our contracts with these suppliers require them to provide equivalent levels of protection for your personal information.
9. How long we keep personal information
We keep information only for as long as we need it to administer the policy, manage our business or as required by law or contract.
10. Know your rights
You have the right to:
object to us using your personal information. We will either agree to stop using it or explain why we are unable to (the right to object)
ask for a copy of the personal information we hold about you, subject to certain exemptions (data subject access request)
ask us to update or correct your personal information to ensure its accuracy (the right of rectification)
ask us to delete your personal information from our records if it is no longer needed for the original purpose (the right to be forgotten)
ask us to restrict the use of your personal information in certain circumstances (the right of restriction)
ask for a copy of the personal information you provided to us, so you can use it for your own purposes (the right to data portability)
complain if you feel your personal information has been mishandled. We encourage you to come to us in the first instance but you are entitled to complain directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) at www.ico.org.uk
ask us, at any time, to stop using your personal information, if using it based only on your consent (the right to withdraw your consent).
If you wish to exercise any of these rights you can do so by contacting our Customer Satisfaction Manager:
Address: Allianz Insurance plc, 2530 The Quadrant, Aztec West, Almondsbury, Bristol BS32 4AW
Email: allianzretailcomplaints@allianz.co.uk
Phone: 0330 102 1781
For pet and equine products only:
Address: Allianz Insurance plc, Great West House (GW2), Great West Road, Brentford, Middlesex TW8 9DX
Email: ahd.csm@allianz.co.uk
Phone: 0345 026 1985
For Allianz Musical Insurance only:
Address: Allianz Musical Insurance, Great West House (GW2), Great West Road, Brentford, Middlesex TW8 9DX
Email: csm@allianz.co.uk
Phone: 0344 391 4037
For Allianz Legal Protection products only:
Address: Allianz Legal Protection, 2530 The Quadrant, Aztec West, Almondsbury, Bristol BS32 4AW
Email: alpcomplaints@allianz.co.uk
Phone: 0345 0700 886
11. Data Protection Officer Contact details
If you have any queries about how we use your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer:
Address:Data Protection Officer, Allianz, 57 Ladymead, Guildford, Surrey GU1 1DB
Email: dataprotectionofficer@allianz.co.uk
Phone: 03301021837
Changes to our Fair Processing Notice
Occasionally it may be necessary to make changes to this notice. When that happens we will provide you with an updated version at the earliest opportunity. The most recent version will always be available on our website www.allianz.co.uk.
Legal Notice
About us
Petplan is a trading name of Pet Plan Limited (Registered in England No. 1282939) and Allianz Insurance plc (Registered in England No. 84638), Registered office: 57 Ladymead, Guildford, Surrey GU1 1DB. petplan.info@allianz.co.uk
Petplan insurance is underwritten by Allianz Insurance plc. Pet Plan Limited is a subsidiary of Allianz Insurance plc.
Pet Plan Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Financial Services Register No. 311969. Allianz Insurance plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Financial Services Register No. 121849.
Petplan's trading address is: Great West House (GW2), Great West Road, Brentford, Middlesex TW8 9DX. If you have a complaint, please write to the Customer Satisfaction Manager, at this address.
Both Allianz Insurance plc and Pet Plan Limited are registered with the UK Information Commissioner under the Data Protection Act 1998
Disclaimer
Whilst we make every effort to ensure that the information contained in this site is complete and accurate, we are not liable for any errors, omissions or misleading statements on these pages, other than to our Customers. Anything on this site is for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice.
Links to third party websites on the site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the Petplan site.
We have not reviewed all of these third party sites and do not control and are not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their privacy statement.
Thus, we do not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do so at your own risk and you waive any claim you may have against us in respect of any such websites.
You may not create a hyperlink to this website without our prior written agreement
We reserve the right to make amendments and changes to the information on this site at any time. Unless it is clearly indicated, the information provided on this site is not intended to be an offer by us to enter into a contract with you. A contract will be formed only after we have accepted your application and have confirmed to you that a contract has been entered into.
It is your responsibility to ensure that any software downloaded onto your computer from this site is suitable and free from viruses.
Intellectual Property
Petplan and its logo are registered trademarks of Pet Plan Limited in the UK and other countries.
Allianz and its logo are registered trademarks of Allianz Insurance plc in the UK and other countries.
The copyright and the content and images on the site belong to Allianz Insurance plc or the images and content are used by Allianz with the permission of the copyright owner. Note that we may not be the owner of copyright on any site linked to our site and you should seek permission from the site owners before copying any materials from them.
You may download information for your own personal use but otherwise it may not be copied or reproduced except with our written permission.
Applicable Law
Products and services illustrated on this site are available for citizens of the UK only. The applicable law governing the contents and use of this site and any disputes arising from use of this site is English law and disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Note that this site is not intended for use or distribution by a person in any country where such use or distribution of the site would be contrary to local laws or regulation.
E-Mails
Please note that there is no guarantee that any email sent to this site will be received by us or that the message will remain confidential whilst being transmitted.
Online renewals
It is your responsibility to ensure the safety of your login details.
You should keep your password safe and ensure its privacy and not disclose the contents to anyone else. We will accept no responsibility or liability if a third party obtains or uses your password.
You confirm by submitting your acceptance of these terms in this manner that you are happy to receive your policy renewal documents electronically. Once you have indicated your choice it is your responsibility to contact us and ask to be removed from this online renewal contact method and to start receiving paper renewal documentation again.
It is your responsibility to log in and view your renewal documents. It is your responsibility to notify us of any change to your email address or theft thereof or of your password.
© - Allianz Insurance plc 2011. All rights reserved. Reproduction, adaptation, or translation without prior written permission is prohibited except as allowed under copyright laws.
Allianz Insurance plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority © Allianz Insurance plc 2014. All Rights Reserved
Appropriate Use
We reserve the right to withdraw, restrict or amend your use of this website without notice and at our absolute discretion should you not act in accordance with these terms, or your use of the site is not for lawful and proper purposes.
You must not use ‘screen scraping’, bots, any automated algorithm, device, method, system, software or manual process to access, use, search, copy, monitor or extract pricing information for any purpose other than the private insurance of your own animals. You must not obtain any unauthorised, false or fraudulent quotes / purchases of insurance.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. You must not access any area of the site identified as a restricted area unless you have been specifically authorised by us to do so.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your web browser. It is stored in the memory of your device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used to make websites work or work more efficiently, as well as to provide us with information about how you use our website.
Some cookies (‘session cookies’) are temporary and are deleted every time you close your browser. Other cookies (‘persistent cookies’) stay on your device until they expire (after 30 days) or until you delete them from your device’s cache.
The cookies we use don’t hold any data that can identify you personally, such as; names, phone numbers, email addresses, mailing addresses, bank account numbers or credit card information.
Why do we use cookies?
We use cookies on our website to help us provide you with a better experience.
to recognise your computer when you visit our website
to improve the website’s usability
to track how you move around our website
to analyse the use of our website
What cookies do we use?
Strictly necessary, Performance, Functional, Targeting and Social Media
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and can’t be switched off They are usually set when you do something which needs them – like setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or tell you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies don’t store any information which will identify you personally.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and know where traffic comes from so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All the information collected by these cookies is grouped together and therefore anonymous. If you don’t allow these cookies we won’t know when you’ve visited our site, and won’t
be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we’ve added to our pages.
If you don’t allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising or social media partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you more relevant adverts on other sites.
They don’t store directly personal information, but are based on identifying your browser and device. If you don’t allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to our website to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They’re able to track your browser across other sites and build up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.
If you don’t allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Accepting or rejecting cookies
You’re in control of the cookies that we store and you can use your Cookie Settings (link below) to manage them for this and future visits to our website.
Cookie Settings
Your selected options in the panel will be remembered when you visit the site in the future. You can change your settings at any time.
Alternatively, most web browsers provide some control of most cookies within the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set visit:
www.aboutcookies.org
www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies
Click here to print
Live Chat
Get a quote
×Close
Home
Dog
Cat
Rabbit
Multipet
Other
Existing Customers
Pet Advice
About Petplan
Help