http://www.flowstore.co.uk/privacy-policy
International Sales Regions
sales@flowstore.co.uk
+44 (0)20 8581 5555
Discover FlowStore
Discover FlowStore
*Coronavirus Statement*
Our Story
An EO Company
Sales Regions
The Directors
Vision Mission & Values
News
Exhibitions
Careers
Press & Media
Contact Us
“...We would definitely recommend
your quality and service...”
T M HAMMOND
Product Range
Product Range
Building Blocks
FlowTube - Steel
FlowTube - Aluminium
Flowstore - Square Aluminium Profile
Industry 4.0
DuraFlow DF2
LS2
Industrial Anti-Fatigue Matting
Safe Walk & Signs
Social Distancing Solutions
Modular Stage Systems
Gateshead Clinical Computer Cart
Click here to go to www.FlowTube.com
Experience
The in-house degree qualified CAD Engineers total over 35 years of FlowTubeexperience
Experience
LEAN Manufacturing Experience
Assembly Systems and Ergonomic Workstations
Simple Solutions
Efficient Parts and Order Picking
Waste Reduction (7 Forms of Waste)
Industry 4.0 Applications
Project Management
Service
Service
High Customer Service Levels
Delivering on Promises
Listening to Customers
Keeping you informed
Quality & Reliability
Quality & Reliability
Health & Safety
Attention to detail
Design & application care
Quality controlled manufacture
Lean Principles
"Quality begins when everybody in the organization commits to never sending rejected or imperfect information to the next stage"
MASAAKI IMAI
Lean Principles
KARAKURI
5S Principles
Waste Reduction
Just In Time
Company Values
Company Values
Philosophy & Approach
Our Employees
Responsible Business
Charitable Giving
CSR
FlowStore Systems Ltd – Privacy PolicyWe have developed this policy because we want you to feel confident about the privacy and security of your personal information and explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll store and handle that data and keep it safe.
FlowStore Systems Ltd (“FlowStore Systems Ltd”) Online Privacy Policy (last updated May 25th 2018).
1. When do we collect your personal data?
When you make an online
purchase and check out as a guest (in which case we just collect
transaction-based data).
When you create an account with
us.
When you purchase a product or
service in store or by phone but don’t have (or don’t use) an account.
When you engage with us on
social media.
When you contact us by any
means with queries, complaints etc.
When you ask one of our
Partners to email you information about a product or service.
When you enter prize draws or
competitions.
When you choose to complete any
surveys we send you.
When you comment on or review
our products and services.
3rd Parties.
We provide only the information
they need to perform their specific services.
They may only use your data for
the exact purposes we specify in our contract with them.
We work closely with them to
ensure that your privacy is respected and protected at all times.
When required to do so by law.
2. What are your rights over your personal data?
An overview of your different rights
You have the right to request:
Access
to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases.
The
correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or
incomplete.
For
example, when you withdraw consent, or object and we have no legitimate
overriding interest, or once the purpose for which we hold the data has
come to an end (such as the end of a warranty).
That
we stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through
specific channels, or all channels).
That
we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you
withdraw that consent.
Review
by an employee of any decision made based solely on automatic processing
of your data (i.e. where no human has yet reviewed the outcome and
criteria for the decision).
You have the right to request a copy of any information about you that FlowStore Systems Ltd holds at any time, and also to have that information corrected if it is inaccurate. To ask for your information, please contact Data Protection Officer, FlowStore Systems Ltd Fairview Business Centre 29-31 Clayton Road, Hayes, Middlesex UB3 1AN, UK or email subject.access.request privacy@flowstore.com
If we choose not to action your request we will explain to you the reasons for our refusal.
Your right to withdraw consent
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
Direct marketing
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always comply with your request.
Checking your identity
To protect the confidentiality of your information, we will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this Privacy Notice. If you have authorised a third party to submit a request on your behalf, we will ask them to prove they have your permission to act.
3. Security
We know how much data security matters to all our customers. With this in mind we will treat your data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it.
We protect the security of your information while it is being transmitted by encrypting it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) – ie we have an SSL Certificate which means we can secure access to all transactional areas of our website using ‘https’ technology.
4. Explaining the legal bases we rely on - Consent for Collection, Use and Disclosure
You do not have to give us any personal information to use the information on this site.
However, your use of the FlowStore Systems Ltd site constitutes your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Contractual Obligations – In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations.
For example, we collect your address details to deliver your purchase, and pass them to our courier.
Consent - In specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent.
For example, when you tick a box to receive email newsletters.
5. Legitimate InterestIn specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests
Purposes for Collecting Personal Information (Identified Purposes) We use personal information for the following purposes only:
(a) to communicate with customers and site visitors and to inform you of products and services available from FlowStore Systems Ltd Ltd.
For example, we will use your purchase history to send you, or make available, personalised offers.
(b) to fulfil your requests for products, services or information
(c) to further understand customer needs regarding FlowStore Systems Ltd's products and services
(d) to enable us to review the effectiveness of our website and other marketing initiatives
(e) for administration purposes
(f) to allow you to receive newsletters and inform you of events
(g) to process any request for employment
(h) to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request
(i) to protect the services, products or rights of FlowStore Systems Ltd, including but not limited to the security or integrity of the FlowStore Systems Ltd site
and
(j) to identify and resolve technical problems concerning FlowStore Systems Ltd’s site, products and services.
FlowStore Systems Ltd Ltd may use personal information in an aggregate form (i.e., not individually attributable to you) for its business analysis, operational, marketing and other promotional purposes.
What that means is that we combine the shopping history of many customers to identify trends and ensure we can keep up with demand, or develop new products/services.
6. Linked sites
If you follow links to other websites from this website we do not control those sites and are not responsible for the use of your data by those site owners.
7.General Data Protection Regulation Policy
Please click here to review our General Data Protection    Regulation Policy
8. Cookies and our Cookie Policy
Please click here for information about Cookies and how we use them.
INTERNATIONAL TOP BRANDS SERVED BY FLOWSTORE
Product Range
FlowTube - Steel
FlowTube - Aluminium
Industry 4.0
DuraFlow DF2
LS2
Safe Walk & Signs
Modular Stage Systems
Downloads
FlowTube Catalogue
FlowTube Assembly Guide
Aluminium Catalogue
- 3 Sizes
Safe Walk & Signs
Modular Stage Systems
Modular Stage Systems Assembly Guide
Discover FlowStore
Contact Us
News
Exhibitions
Sales Regions
Employment Opportunities
FlowStore Employees
Our BREXIT Preparations
Flowstore Systems Ltd
Fairview Business Centre 29-31 Clayton Road, Hayes, Middlesex UB3 1AN, UK.
Tel: +44 (0)20 8581 5555
Fax: +44 (0)208 581 5575
Registered office: Fairview Business Centre 29-31 Clayton Road, Hayes, Middlesex UB3 1AN, England.
Registered No: 1734709
Social Responsibility Policy |
Cookie Policy |
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy |
GDPR policy |
Copyright Statement
View Online Catalogue
Download Catalogues
Request a Call Back
Request a Site Visit
International Sales Regions
Newsletter SignUp