http://www.guru.com/trademark-copyright-policy/
Skip to main content
IP Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
IP Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Subject to the Terms of Service, the content available on this website, including, but not
limited to, the informational content; images; charts;
graphs;
graphics; designs; photographs; audio and video clips; software and HTML code (collectively, the
"Content") are the property of WebSoft, Inc. D/B/A
Guru.com
(the "Company") and are subject to protection by U.S. and international intellectual property
laws and treaty provisions, including, but not limited to,
those
relating to patent rights, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks, service marks,
moral rights, know-how and any other similar rights.
Subject to this Policy and the applicable Terms of Use, and except as expressly indicated
otherwise on the Website, you agree not to:
rent, license, sublicense, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise distribute or disclose to
any
third party the Content, or any portion thereof, in any form, or
permit third parties access to such Content
create any products or services based on the Content
copy, modify and create derivative works based on the Content
take any action compromising or threatening to compromise:
the enjoyment and use by any Registered User of the Content or
the rights of the Company or its licensors in the Content
use, transfer, or dispose of the data in any manner that could compete with the business
of the Company or the
Company's affiliates
use the Content in any manner, or for any purpose, contravening this Policy, the Terms
of Service, or any applicable law, rule or regulation
Nothing in this Policy or the Terms of Service grants you a license to develop, create or offer
any products or services based on any of the Content
found
on
this website. To the extent approved by the Company, you are authorized to use and download
materials that are made available on this website only for
your
own
needs. You may not use, distribute, modify, transmit, or post any Content obtained from the use
of this website or any functions of this website for
public
or
commercial purposes, including any text, images, audio, or video without our express written
permission. Specifically, you are not authorized to resell
access
to any such materials or to redistribute or facilitate the redistribution of any such materials
for sale to others. You may not delete copyright,
trademark
or
other intellectual property rights and proprietary notices from printouts of electronically
accessed materials.
You agree and acknowledge that all trademarks, service marks, logos, names and titles,
including, but not limited to, "GURU," the Guru.com logo, and
"GURU.COM"
(collectively, the "Marks") on this website and within the Content are proprietary to the
Company and are protected by applicable trademark and
copyright
law.
Nothing on this website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any of the
Marks displayed on this website. Any unauthorized use of
the
Marks or any other Content is strictly prohibited.
You agree and acknowledge that the Marks may not be used in connection with any product or
service that does not originate with the Company, in any
manner
that
is likely to cause confusion among users, or in any manner that disparages or discredits the
Company.
The Company owns all rights, title and interest in and to the Content, including all copyrights,
patents, trade secrets, database rights and other
intellectual
property associated therewith or appurtenant thereto. All users expressly acknowledge that the
Content was created as result of expenditure of
substantial
time,
effort, money, creativity, and other resources, and comprises and constitutes commercially
valuable trade secrets proprietary to the Company. All users
agree to
protect the Content from unauthorized disclosure or access, using measures at least as diligent
as those employed by user to protect its own
confidential
information.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and require that persons using this
website do the same. In appropriate circumstances, we will
terminate
the access to this website of any person or entity who is responsible for acts of copyright
infringement. If you would like to obtain permission to make
use
of
this website in a way that is not permitted by these Terms, please send a request to do so in
writing.