http://www.aeroel.it/en/en/component/content/article/61-inglese/legal/364-selling-conditions.html
YouTube
You are here: Home
COOKIES NOTICE:
To provide the best possible service, we use cookies, also third party, on this site. Continuing the navigation you consent to use them
Learn more
I understand
HomeCompany ProfileProductsIndustry SectorsTechnologyQuality SystemNews & EventsGalleries & DownloadContacts
GENERAL SELLING CONDITIONS
1.1 Warranty terms
All AEROEL products are covered by a 36 month warranty (1), starting from the date on which the equipment actually leaves our facilities. This warranty also covers any AEROEL-designed software installed inside the AEROEL device, which is necessary for its operation. Any software produced by AEROEL for installation on devices that are manufactured by others (e.g. Personal Computers), even if supplied by AEROEL, are LICENSED FOR USE only and are guaranteed for a period of 90 days from installation thereof, and however not over 180 days from the date of delivery to the customer.
Any instrument, component, interface or parts in general sold, but not manufactured by AEROEL (e.g. Personal Computers, Interfaces, Printers and other peripherals, etc.) will be covered by 12 month warranty, starting from the delivery date.
Warranty conditions
During the guarantee period AEROEL will replace or repair, free of charge, any defective part or component, as well as other parts or components that do not conform to performance specifications. These operations will be carried out at our main plant or at any branch of ours; shipping and packaging costs are charged to the CUSTOMER. Whenever the dimensions or the type of instrument are such that it cannot be easily shipped, AEROEL will dispatch spare parts and service personnel to the buyer's facilities at its own expense. The CUSTOMER will cover the shipping cost of the material and the travelling and accommodation costs of the personnel. The CUSTOMER will leave the defective unit at our disposal for all the time required for the
repair.
Voidance of warranty
This warranty shall automatically become void if the product has been tampered with, modified and/or repaired by the customer or other person without the prior written authorisation of AEROEL. Tampering and modification also means the installation of software, modification or upgrading of operating systems, use of boards and/or peripherals and/or other interfaces on equipment produced by other manufacturers and sold by AEROEL (e.g. Personal Computers) when not explicitly authorised by AEROEL in writing.
Warranty exclusions
Excluded from this warranty is any damage caused to the product by carelessness, incorrect or improper use, inadequate installation, electrical power supply that does not conform to the specifications, force majeure and, in any case, events of an extraordinary nature that lie beyond the normal use thereof. AEROEL excludes, for any reason, compensation for any damage, direct or indirect, of any nature, to individuals or property as a result of the use or suspension of use of our equipment or software.
1.2 Delivery terms
In case of Ex Works delivery terms, AEROEL fulfils his obligation to deliver when it has made the goods available at its promises to the CUSTOMER. In  particular, AEROEL is not responsible for loading the goods on the vehicle provided by the CUSTOMER or for clearing the goods for export, unless  otherwise agreed.  The CUSTOMER bears all costs and risks involved in taking the goods from AEROEL's promises to the desired destination.
In case of CPT delivery terms, AEROEL bears the freight for the carriage of the goods to the named destination. The risk of loss or damage of the goods, as well any additional costs due to events occurring after the time the goods have been delivered to the carrier or insurance costs are transferred to the CUSTOMER when the goods have been delivered into the custody of the carrier. The CUSTOMER bears the clearence costs for the imported goods. In case of other terms, these will refer to the Incoterms 2000.
1.3 Data Protection. D.L. 196 dtd 30/06/2003 ("Testo Unico sulla Privacy")
All personal data collected directly and/or through third parties by AEROEL s.r.l., Via Pier Paolo Pasolini 35/3, Pradamano (UD), hereinafter referred to  as the Data Controller, shall be processed in printed, computer and telematic form for contractual and legal purposes, as well as for the effective management of current and future business relations. The non-submittal of data, where such is not compulsory, shall be assessed  by the Data Controller as the case arises, and the resulting decision shall take into account the importance of the requested data in terms of management of the business relations. The data may be transferred strictly for the aforementioned purposes, and consequently be processed by third parties for such purpose, to:
- Our network of agents/distributors/business collaborators;
- Factoring companies;
- Credit institutions, recovery and insurance companies;
- Business information companies;
- Professionals and consultants;
- Companies operating in the transport sector.
The data subject may exercise the rights set forth in art. 7-10 of "Testo Unico sulla Privacy" (including the rights to access, modify, update and cancel data, as well as to object to data processing).
(1) For the repairs, the warrantee time is 6 months.
HIGHLIGHTS
Wire 2020
OUR HEAD OFFICE
AEROEL S.r.l.Via Pier Paolo Pasolini, 35/333040 Pradamano (UD) - ITALY
Tel. +39 0432 671301Fax +39 0432 671543This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
CONTACTS
Sales Departmenttel: +39 0432 671301 Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Service Departmenttel: +39 0432 671305 Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
CERTIFICATIONS
AEROEL S.R.L. a socio unico - Società soggetta a direzione e coordinamento di Marposs S.p.A. a socio unicoCAP.SOC.INT.VERS. € 49.400 - C.F.-P.IVA e NR REGISTRO IMPRESE di UDINE IT00518830302 - R.E.A. UD 0141686 - N° ISCRIZIONE REGISTRO A.E.E. IT08020000000891Codice Destinatario (SdI) AU7YEU4
Home
Privacy
Cookies
Warranty Terms
General Selling Conditions
copyright @ Aeroel S.r.l. 2017
Progetto cofinanziato con il Fondo Europeo di Sviluppo Regionale del Programma Operativo Regionale del Friuli Venezia Giulia Obiettivo "Competitività Regionale e Occupazione" programmazione 2007/2013