http://www.candlewick.com/policies.asp
For updates regarding our operations during the COVID-19 outbreak, please click here
Catalog
Essentials
Imprints
Big Picture Press
Candlewick Entertainment
Candlewick Studio
Nosy Crow
Templar Books
Walker Books US
Bestsellers & Awards
Authors & Illustrators
Bios
Authors & Illustrators Online
Conversations
About Us
Contact Us
FAQs
Careers
Policies
Piracy
Newsletters
Websites
Resources
All
Educators
Librarians
Retailers
Search:
View Cart
Policies
Privacy & Use Policy
Candlewick Press, Inc., 99 Dover Street, Somerville, MA 02144 (Tel No. 617-661-3330) is committed to protecting
your privacy. We use any information we obtain about you to communicate with you and to provide a personalized
experience on our site. Please read on for more details about our privacy & use policy.
Information: what do we collect, how do we collect it, and how do we use it?
• We will not collect any personally identifying information from you other than the information
you supply to us on a voluntary basis.
• When you submit a question we will respond using your e-mail address and then delete your e-mail address
from our records.
• When you submit a comment, review, or other written statement, we also ask for your e-mail address,
although you can choose not to have your e-mail address displayed with your submission. We may in the future
wish to use your comment, review, or other submission on our Web site in which case we will contact you for
permission.
• When you subscribe to our newsletter, enter a contest, or participate in a promotional feature, we may
ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can distribute the newsletter or administer the
promotional feature/contest and notify winners.
• We do not collect any personally identifying information from children under the age of thirteen on our
site.
• We monitor site traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of our site.
• We may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new
services, and special offers we think you will find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information,
please refer to the section labeled Disclosure of Information to Others.
Using "Cookies"
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's
hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still
use most of the features on our site.
Google Analytics
We are using a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect basic information about use of this
site. It collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so,
and what links from other sites brought you to ours. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to
you on the date you visit this site, not your name or any other identifying information. We do not combine the
information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although
Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time
you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share
information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google
Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.
You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on
your browser, or using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on available directly from Google.
Disclosure of Information to Others
Candlewick Press, Inc. does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may choose
to do so in the future with trustworthy third parties, in which case we will post on this page information
about the kinds of businesses in which the third parties are engaged, the general purpose for which information
is used, and whether the third parties have agreed to maintain the confidentiality and security of the
information. However, you can prevent us from doing so by sending an e-mail message with the text "Do not
distribute my personal information to others" to privacy@candlewick.com.
(If you use more than one e-mail address to contact us, send this message from each e-mail account you use.)
Also, Candlewick Press, Inc. may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and
related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will not include personal
information. Candlewick Press, Inc. may release personal information when we believe in good faith that such
release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user
agreements, or (iii) protect the rights, property, or safety of Candlewick Press, Inc., our users, or others.
Updating Your Information
You may update or change information related to your interaction with Candlewick Press, Inc. by
e-mailing your changes to privacy@candlewick.com. For other
questions related to updating or changing your account information, please send an e-mail to the same address.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of information you provide pursuant to the
terms of this privacy policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this
page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances
we disclose it. We therefore ask you to check back here regularly.
Tell Us What You Think
Candlewick Press, Inc. welcomes your questions, suggestions, and comments about privacy. Please send an
e-mail to privacy@candlewick.com.
back to top
Legal Notices
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, icons, images, and software, is the
property of Candlewick Press, Inc. and/or its content suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international
copyright laws. The arrangement (meaning the compilation, collection, and assembly) of all content on this site
is the exclusive property of Candlewick Press, Inc. and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
All software used on this site is the property of Candlewick Press, Inc. or its software suppliers and is
protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
Trademarks
"Candlewick Press" and the "Bear and candle" logos are registered trademarks of
Candlewick Press, Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other images, titles, names, characters, and company
names mentioned on this site may be the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. The
trademarks of Candlewick Press, Inc. may not be used in connection with any product or service that does not
belong to Candlewick Press, Inc. in any manner that is likely to cause confusion for customers or in any manner
that disparages or discredits Candlewick Press, Inc.
Use Limitation
You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create
derivative works from, transfer or sell any images, graphics, files, software, products, information, or
services obtained from this site without the express prior written permission of Candlewick Press, Inc. By
using this site you further agree that you will not "frame" any of the content of this site with
advertising, promotional material, information, or other content without the express prior written consent of
Candlewick Press, Inc.
Permission Requests
Any requests for use of content from this site may be submitted in writing via mail, facsimile, or
e-mail only to the following address:
The Permissions Editor
Candlewick Press, Inc.
99 Dover Street
Somerville, MA 02144
Fax (617) 661-0565
bigbear@candlewick.com
Please note we cannot process any requests that are not submitted in writing. We estimate a minimum of 4
weeks from the date of submission before being able to respond to any such requests. However, please note that
this timing estimation may be subject to variation.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of this site you warrant to Candlewick Press, Inc. that you will not use this
site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. Further, by using
this site you agree that you will not violate or attempt to violate the security or integrity of the site,
including, without limitation, accessing data not intended for users of the site; attempting to probe, scan, or
test the vulnerability of the site to security breaches; attempting to interfere with service to users of the
site (including, without limitation, submitting a virus or corrupted data to the site, overloading the site, or
continuously posting repetitive material on the site); attempting to decompile, disassemble, or otherwise
reverse engineer the content or software comprising or making up any part of the site; and sending unsolicited
advertising or other communications to users of the site.
Liability Disclaimer
Candlewick Press, Inc. makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the
operation of the site or the information, content materials,or products included herein which are provided on
an "as is" basis. Candlewick Press, Inc. to the full extent permissible by applicable law, disclaims
all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of fitness for a particular
purpose, title, non-infringement, and merchantability. Candlewick Press, Inc. will not be liable for damages of
any kind arising from the use of this site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental,
punitive, and consequential damages or damages for loss of use, data, or profits arising in any way connected
with the use or performance of this site. Candlewick Press, Inc. does not endorse and assumes no responsibility
for the accuracy or content of the views, opinions, comments, recommendations, or suggestions posted on this
site from readers or others.
Links to Third-Party Vendor Sites
This site contains a link or links to third-party vendor sites for purposes of allowing the purchase of
books published by Candlewick Press, Inc. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you, and the
inclusion of any such link does not imply endorsement by Candlewick Press, Inc. of such third-party site(s) or
the contents thereof. CANDLEWICK PRESS, INC. IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENTS OF THE LINKED THIRD-PARTY
VENDOR SITE(S) AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE CONTENTS,
ACCURACY, OR FUNCTIONALITY OF THE LINKED THIRD-PARTY VENDOR SITE(S). IF YOU USE THE LINKED THIRD-PARTY VENDOR
SITE(S), YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
No Unauthorized Linking
By using this site you agree that you will not create any links to or from this site to another site
without the express prior written consent of Candlewick Press, Inc.
Access Restriction
Candlewick Press, Inc., in its sole discretion, reserves the right to deny any user access to this site
or any portion thereof without notice.
Modification of These Terms and Conditions
Candlewick Press, Inc. reserves the right to make changes to this site and the disclaimers, terms, and
conditions herein at any time. Prices on this website are subject to change. Please consult an on-line
retailer, bookseller or distributor regarding the prices of items when placing your order.
Applicable Law
This site is created and controlled by Candlewick Press, Inc. in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
U.S.A., and as such the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts will govern the disclaimers, terms, and
conditions herein without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
Recall Notices
Click here for
Bunny, My Honey Board Book Recall Information.
Service Contact
Please contact webmaster@candlewick.com with any questions
or problems about the operation of this site.
Copyright © 2000 Candlewick Press, Inc. 99 Dover Street, Somerville, MA 02144. All rights reserved.
back to top
Anti-bribery Policy
It is Walker Books Ltd, Walker Books Australia, Candlewick Press Inc and Walker Productions Ltd's ("the
Walker Group") policy to conduct business in an honest way, and without the use of corrupt practices or acts
of bribery to obtain an unfair advantage.
This is not just a moral commitment on the part of the Walker Group; it is a legal requirement. Bribery is
a criminal offence in most countries in which our companies operate and acts of bribery expose the Walker
Group and its employees to the risk of prosecution, fines and imprisonment, as well as endangering the Walker
Group's reputation.
Bribery and corruption harm the societies in which the acts are committed. Such behaviour undermines the
economy, stunts democratic development and disorders markets. It is a moral as well as a legal issue.
This Policy has been adopted by the Walker Group board of directors (the "Board") and is to be
communicated to everyone involved in our business to ensure their commitment to it.
The Board attaches the utmost importance to this Policy and will apply a zero tolerance approach to acts
of bribery and corruption by any of our employees or by business partners working on our behalf.
The Board has conducted an independent review of Walker's anti-bribery and corruption policies and
procedures. You can download a copy of our policy here.
The Walker Group reserves the right to amend and update this Policy at any time.
Any breach of this Policy will be regarded as a serious matter by the Walker Group and any breach of the
Policy by employees is likely to result in disciplinary action and appropriate action will be taken against
third parties.
The procedures outlined in this Policy will be overseen by Alan Lee, the Board's Anti-Corruption and
Bribery Compliance Officer.   In the US and Australia, local regional anti-corruption and bribery
officers have been appointed reporting to the Board Compliance Officer.
back to top
Candlewick Cares
Everyone at Candlewick Press is committed to making the world a better place, not just through the books we
publish but also in the way we work. You can read here about our green initiatives and our commitment to
improving life in our community.
A strong sense of ethics is intrinsic to most great children’s books, so to us, taking our
responsibilities seriously seems obvious: more than that, it is central to everything we do. As a publisher
of more than two hundred books a year in the United States alone, we’re particularly aware of our
impact on the environment and have always done everything we could to ensure that that impact is positive
rather than negative. Here are some of the ways in which we are working:
Environmental Policy
Our Books and Products
As a producer of children’s books, we aim to do business with suppliers who recognize a social
accountability standard, and we are engaged in a number of projects to make that goal a reality. Candlewick
Press will not knowingly use paper sourced from high-risk regions or other controversial sources. We are
deeply committed to halting the production of all paper from controversial sources, which are defined as:
Producers and fiber associated with the loss of old growth, intact or primary forests, tropical peatlands and
peatland forests, or other high-carbon landscapes; producers and fiber associated with the loss of habitats
of threatened or endangered fish and wildlife species; producers and fiber associated with the loss of high
conservation values; producers and fiber associated with the conversion of natural forests to plantations
lacking natural forest diversity or to non-forest land uses (and thus likely reducing forest carbon stocks
and maintaining forest landscapes, biodiversity and resource sustainability); producers and fiber associated
with violations of indigenous or local community rights; producers and fiber associated with violations of
laws applicable to forest allocation, management, production, and trade; and producers and fiber associated
with the use of genetically modified organisms (GMOs); producers and fiber associated with the use of
elemental chlorine and harmful water and air pollution; producers and fiber associated with companies that
have failed to address the legacy of negative social and environmental impacts of their operations via
restoration/compensation efforts and resolution of land and social conflict with affected communities whose
rights have been violated by a process mutually agreed by the parties.
(Source: Rainforest Action Network)
As a global publishing group we have stopped using paper from controversial Indonesian sources and do not
do business with the Indonesian mills of Asia Pulp and Paper and Asia Pacific Resources International
Limited. Our minimum paper requirement is a three-star rating on the PREPS database, and Candlewick Press
actively encourages print partners to improve recycled grades and FSC availability.Â  We are currently 100
percent three stars and above with the goal of having 40 percent FSC stock in Asia, subject to availability
and cost, and will work diligently towards being able to report a higher increase over the next three years.
In addition, we support and encourage our suppliers to operate in accordance with our high standards.
PREPS
Candlewick Press and our parent company, Walker Books Group, are founding members of the Publishers'
Database for Responsible Environmental Paper Sourcing (PREPS), an organization that provides objective
information about paper and its sources. PREPS is a joint initiative of twenty-three leading publishers.
Together, these companies have set up a database of technical specifications and details of the pulps and
forest sources for each of the papers they use, with the aim of ensuring that we all use legally harvested
and sustainable forest sources. Based on this information, each paper will be awarded a grade of one to five
stars, using the PREPS Grading System. This system considers whether material has been legally harvested (or
recycled) and how the forest sources have been managed. Our policy is to use materials that are three-star
grades and above, which excludes pulp of uncertain origin, including Indonesian, and we have been actively
substituting our core range of papers to stock with traceability. The rating system also encompasses FSC and
PEFC certification. Further information about PREPS can be found at www.prepsgroup.com.
Independent Fiber Testing
We carry out fiber testing with an external testing laboratory and are currently working toward having all
group papers from Asia tested at random from each of our printers to cross-reference the data we hold from
both the PREPS database and fiber profiles from our print partners. For domestic printings, where papers
originate in North America, we will cross-reference via fiber testing the environmental renewable credentials
against information supplied by the printer and mills.
Forest Stewardship Council
The Forest Stewardship Council is an international nonprofit organization founded in 1993 to promote and
recognize good and sustainable forestry practices around the world.
At Candlewick Press, we insist that all our suppliers hold the FSC Chain of Custody, a tool for tracking and
confirming how much wood fiber comes from a certified forest. It certifies that all raw wood material is from
legal sources and also certifies the tracing process. Wherever possible we use FSC grades, which ensures that
the paper and board in our books are natural recyclable products made from wood grown in sustainable forests.
This helps to prevent illegal logging as well as preserve indigenous habitats and wildlife.
The manufacturing process must also conform to the environmental regulations of the country of origin. For
more information, visit www.fsc.org.
Recycling
Overall, Candlewick Press makes every effort to minimize waste wherever possible, both in our supply chain
and our office environment.
PRELIMS
Candlewick Press’s parent company, Walker Books, also belongs to PRELIMS, an umbrella organization
for companies in the international book trade who want their products to meet the highest ethical standards.
We are all working together through PRELIMS to promote and implement a common, internationally recognized
social accountability standard, which both we and our suppliers must adhere to. For further information,
please visit
www.prelims.org.
CARE
The standards we are adopting derive from those used by the global toy industry and managed by its industry
body, the International Council of Toy Industries. Called the CARE Process, the standard covers areas such as
working conditions, health and safety, remuneration, working hours, and the prohibition of the use of child
or forced labor. For more information about social accountability and for details about CARE, please visit
www.toy-icti.org.
Product Testing
We want to ensure that our books are fun and safe, and all of our products with play value are tested to
relevant legislation EN 71 (Europe). Candlewick Press products are and will remain in compliance with the
relevant portions of the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008, which went into effect August 14,
2008. Please refer to: www.cpsc.gov for complete details and the latest information on this act. Please
direct any further questions on Candlewick products to us at
productsafety@candlewick.com.
Our Work with Charities and the Local Community
Caring for children is at the heart of what we do, and Candlewick Press has a long history of supporting
literacy and charitable organizations, including, but not limited to, Reading Is Fundamental, First Book, the
Department of Social Services, the Boys and Girls Club of America.
Candlewick Press in the Community
As anyone who has worked with children knows, often the most precious thing you can give them is your own
time. So as well as donating books to schools and educators, a number of Candlewick staff participate in the
Read to a Child program.
Read to a Child (readtoachild.org) is a national nonprofit literacy
and mentoring organization that inspires caring adults to read aloud to children.
Our Working Environment
When Candlewick Press moved offices in March 2008, we made sure that environmentally friendly materials
were used in our new office space, from our light bulbs to flooring materials, which are a combination of
concrete and bamboo. We also used sustainable fabrics for some of our furnishings and kept a substantial
portion of our furniture from our old offices to use in our new space.
Recycling: We encourage all employees to recycle, and to make it easier, we make sure every desk has a
recycle bin and each department a separate bin. Our paper recycling efforts typically yield approximately
19,000 pounds of paper each year. Every effort is made to use recycled paper products as much as possible.
Energy efficiency: We encourage everyone to be energy-conscious, to switch off unwanted lights and turn off
computers when not in use, whether during the day or when leaving work. Our office lights are also programmed
to switch off after business hours, and the interior offices have sensors so the lights automatically turn
off when rooms are not occupied. We also use timers on our HVAC systems so they automatically shut off each
weekday and stay off over weekends and holidays to conserve electricity.
Drinking water: We filter our drinking water from the main water line rather than using bottled water, and
we encourage use of glasses instead of plastic cups.
Photocopier paper: Our paper is supplied from sustainable sources and returns to the recycling process as
waste. The aim is for everyone to print only when necessary and to print on both sides of the paper. In the
summer of 2009, Candlewick, in an effort to reduce our paper consumption, replaced the distribution of
printed manuscripts with distribution via e-reader devices.
Video conferencing: We use our in-house video conferencing facilities to help reduce “meeting
miles.”
back to top
Modern Slavery Statement
Introduction
This statement, made on behalf of the Walker Group, is published in accordance with the Modern Slavery Act
2015. Walker fully supports the Act and the need for transparency and accountability within businesses
regarding action taken to combat the crime and civil wrongs in this area. We, at Walker, continue to commit
to conducting business to the highest ethical standards and take our responsibility to respect human rights
seriously. We do not tolerate modern slavery or human trafficking anywhere in our organisation or in any of
our supply chains. This statement, for the financial year ending 31 December 2017, sets out what we are doing
to eliminate, as far as possible, the risk of modern slavery and human trafficking taking place.
Who we are and what we do
The Walker Group includes Walker Books Ltd, Walker Books Australia, Candlewick Press Inc and Walker
Productions. We are one of the world’s leading independent publishers of books and content for children. Our
ownership structure includes employees worldwide together with authors and illustrators. Our focus is on
children and we endeavour to enrich their lives through the products we produce. The need for a rigorous and
responsible attitude to ensure that what we do in no way harms, prejudices or enables people to exploit
anyone involved in the publishing process is never underestimated and is at the forefront of how we conduct
our business.
Our supply chains
Walker is a founding member of the Publishers Resolution for Ethical International Manufacturing Standards
(“PRELIMS”). All our product suppliers are required to work towards the standards set out in the PRELIMS Code
of Conduct and part of the process involves them actively engaging in compliance audits. The standards our
suppliers have to commit to cover subject areas such as child labour, discipline, forced labour,
discrimination, wages, hours, freedom of association and collective bargaining. They also include standards
relating to health and safety and the environment. New suppliers are required to provide valid audits before
we agree to engage with them.
As part of our business, in addition to producing our own books and related materials, we license others to
produce products using our brands. Those merchandising licensees are required to adhere to the standards as
set out in the Walker Code of Conduct.
Within our organisation itself, we do not discriminate and ensure all staff are treated fairly and equally.
We have adopted a green approach to the way our offices are run and will purchase fairtrade products wherever
possible.
Our policies and procedures
Walker has a number of policies and procedures that go towards ensuring there is no modern slavery or human
trafficking within our organisation or with the suppliers we use. These include our recently updated
environmental policy. As far as our staff are concerned, we endeavour to ensure that pay and conditions,
together with benefits, are appropriately managed and monitored against market conditions, and comply with
relevant employment legislation.
What next
Our review and updating of procedures and policies in this area is ongoing, both as regards our external
business partners and suppliers, but also our employees. In addition to the training undertaken by members of
our production team, other staff will be given training relevant to their areas, and their views and
suggestions regarding where there is room for improvement, and how we can achieve that, will be listened to.
The Walker Code of Conduct is being updated and consideration given as to how its application might be
extended to other business partners, or whether our contractual templates require any relevant changes.
This statement has been approved by the Board of Directors of Walker.
Karen Lotz
Group MD
back to top
•
Privacy & Use Policy
•
Legal Notices
•
Recall Notices
•
Anti-bribery Policy
•
Environmental Policy
•
Modern Slavery Statement