http://www.airliquide.com/legal-notice
Skip to main content
Group
Businesses
Magazine
Customers
Shareholders
Investors
Media
Careers
Back
GroupOpen
Who we are
What we do
Our strategy
Innovation
Sustainable development
Where we operate
Group publications
Back
Who we areOpen
Profile
Key figures
Governance
Our history
Back
GovernanceOpen
Executive CommitteeBoard of Directors
Back
What we doOpen
At a glance
Large Industries
Industrial Merchant
Healthcare
Electronics
Engineering & Construction
Global Markets & Technologies
Back
Our strategyOpen
Strategy
Three trends, source of growth
A network organization
NEOS: our company program
Back
InnovationOpen
Research & Development
Digital transformation
Global markets & Technologies
Air Liquide Venture Capital
Back
Research & DevelopmentOpen
Scientific partnerships of excellence
Back
Global markets & TechnologiesOpen
Maritime logistics
Back
Sustainable developmentOpen
Safety
Ethics
Human rights
Climate objectives
Environmental data
Vigilance plan
Extra-financial ratings
Stakeholders
Back
EthicsOpen
Group's Principles of action
Back
StakeholdersOpen
CollaboratorsPatientsCustomersSustainable procurementAir Liquide FoundationPublic authorities
Quick Access
Executive Committee
2019 Annual Report
Air Liquide Foundation website
Back
BusinessesOpen
Industry
Healthcare
Electronics
Engineering & Construction
Science & New energies
Back
IndustryOpen
Presentation
Markets
Processes
Supply modes
Services
Back
MarketsOpen
AeronauticsAutomotiveBeverageChemicalsConstructionElectronics manufacturingFoodGlassMetalsMetal fabricationOil & GasPharma & BiotechPhotonicsProfessionals & CraftsmenSpaceWaste & Water management
Back
ProcessesOpen
Analysis and quality controlBlanketingCarbonationDesulfurizationGasificationFreezing & ChillingHeat treatmentIndustrial cryogenicsModified atmosphere packagingOxy-combustionPetrochemical synthesisWater treatmentWelding & Cutting
Back
HealthcareOpen
Presentation
Our expertise
Our R&D
Diseases
Public health challenges
Back
Our expertiseOpen
Home healthcareHospital careHealthcare specialty ingredients
Back
Our R&DOpen
CREATivE research fundCo-innovation approach
Back
DiseasesOpen
Chronic obstructive pulmonary diseaseObstructive sleep apneaChronic respiratory failureDiabetesPulmonary arterial hypertensionPain
Back
Public health challengesOpen
Aging populationRise in chronic diseasesUrbanization and lifestyle changesReinventing the hospital
Back
ElectronicsOpen
Presentation
Markets
Our offer
Back
Engineering & ConstructionOpen
Presentation
Our expertise
Our technologies
Back
Science & New energiesOpen
Presentation
Large projects
New energies
Laboratories & research centers
Back
Large projectsOpen
ITERCERN – LHC
Back
New energiesOpen
Hydrogen energyBiogas & Bio-NGVRefrigerated transportation
Back
MagazineOpen
Industry of the future
Healthcare
Energy transition
Customer experience
Digitization
Open innovation
Science
Back
ShareholdersOpen
Stock & Share: shareholders' mag
Become a shareholder
Follow the Air Liquide share
Factsheets
Shareholders' Communication Committee
Annual General Meeting
Agenda
Media library
Online help & Contact
Back
Follow the Air Liquide shareOpen
Share price live
Share price simulator
Share ownership
Back
FactsheetsOpen
Understanding the stock market
Stock orders
Shareholding options
Registering shares
Loyalty bonus
Personal online Account
Capital gains
Free share attribution
Dividend
Taxation
Passing on shares
Back
Media libraryOpen
Forms
Access your Account Open a share Account
Quick Access
2020 Annual General Meeting
Forms
Online help & Contact
Back
InvestorsOpen
Agenda
Documents & Presentations
Vara consensus
Investing in Air Liquide
Credit investor
Governance
Regulated information
Contact us
Back
Investing in Air LiquideOpen
Air Liquide at a glance
A long-term investment
Shareprice performance
Back
Credit investorOpen
Credit investor presentation
Financing tools
Bond issues
Credit ratings
Air Liquide Finance
Back
GovernanceOpen
Corporate officers remuneration and regulated commitments
Board committees
Capital and articles of association, Internal Regulations, disclosure of share buy-back transactions
Quick Access
Third Quarter 2020 Revenue
2019 Universal Registration Document
Group's latest press releases
Back
MediaOpen
Press releases & News
Back
CareersOpen
Job offers
I choose Air Liquide
Careers at Air Liquide
You at Air Liquide
Students
Graduates
Back
Careers at Air LiquideOpen
Our HR vision
Ethics and safety
Diversity
Back
You at Air LiquideOpen
Customize your career
Learning for development
Employee benefits
Back
StudentsOpen
Campus relations
Summer School
Internships and apprenticeships
Collège des Ingénieurs MBA
Back
GraduatesOpen
International Volunteer Program
ALLEX program
Find our job offers Spontaneous application
Share
Legal notice
Intellectual property
Respect for privacy and use of personal data
Registered shareholders
Any use of this Site must comply with these terms and conditions of use.
Website published by: Legal name of the Company:
L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.
Address of the corporate headquarters:
Air Liquide - 75, quai d’Orsay - 75007 Paris - France
RCS: Paris 552 096 281 - Greffe de PARIS
Editor-in-chief:
Alexandra Rocca, Vice President and Head of Corporate Communications
Phone: +33 40 62 55 55
Website hosted by:
Acquia Inc.
53 State Street, 10th Floor - Boston, MA 02109 - United States
Phone: +1 888 922 7842
Intellectual property AIR LIQUIDE ("AIR LIQUIDE" or "we") offers visitors and users access to this website based on (and assuming) your acceptance of the following terms. AIR LIQUIDE hereby grants you a nontransferable, nonexclusive license to access, download and use this website solely for your personal use. We may, at our sole discretion, add, delete or change some or all the features provided on the website at any time or terminate this license. All materials, including but not limited to the configurations, displays, screens, and all information appearing on or displayed in connection with or contained by AIR LIQUIDE on this website are protected under all applicable laws and regulations.
AIR LIQUIDE owns, reserves and retains all property rights, including copyrights, to this website and its contents. The trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and other indications of origin, including but not limited to AIR LIQUIDE’s domain name, displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trademarks of AIR LIQUIDE or a third party that has granted AIR LIQUIDE the right to use them on this site. Nothing contained herein should be construed as granting the browser or user any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the site without the prior written consent of AIR LIQUIDE or the third party. AIR LIQUIDE and/or third-party content providers remain the owners of the information displayed on this website and the user does not acquire any of these ownership rights by printing or downloading any of the information or otherwise making use of the website’s features.
For your convenience, AIR LIQUIDE provides links to other sites and links to this site may be provided from other sites either known or unknown to AIR LIQUIDE. AIR LIQUIDE is not responsible for the content of any site that is linked to or from this site and links do not imply that AIR LIQUIDE sponsors, licenses, endorses or is otherwise connected to the site, the products or services described therein, or its owner, or that AIR LIQUIDE has authorized the linked site to use any trademark, trade name, logo or other trademarked or copyrighted material belonging to AIR LIQUIDE.
The terms and conditions pertaining to the use of this website are governed by French law. The courts of France shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising from the use of this website.
Respect for privacy and use of personal data The privacy and the security of your information are important to us. AIR LIQUIDE's policy is to respect and protect the privacy of the users of this web site. We will not voluntarily disclose individually identifiable information about our customers or other users of our website to any third party without first receiving that user's permission.
When you use the website airliquide.com, the controller of your data is the company L'AIR LIQUIDE S.A., having its registered office at 75, quai d'Orsay, 75007 Paris.
Ethics and use of collected data
AIR LIQUIDE only asks for certain types of personal information when using the website. In a few areas on our website, including order fulfillment and online customer support tools, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to enhance your site visit, assist you with technical support issues, or follow up with you after your visit. Unless the requested information is necessary for request fulfillment, you will be informed and it will be totally optional for you to provide it or not. We may ask for your name, email address, phone number, street address, type of business, customer preference information, customer number, as well as other similar personal information that is needed for registration or subscription to our services or offers.
Accordingly, AIR LIQUIDE uses the personal data you have provided to this website for the following purposes, durations and legal grounds:
Purpose
Legal ground/basis
Retention durations
To ensure appropriate follow-up of your subscription to our services or offers and order fulfillment
AIR LIQUIDE need to perform the contract with you
Duration of the contract plus a maximum of ten (10) years and beyond to allow AIR LIQUIDE to fulfill its legal obligations
To provide online customer assistance tools and follow-up in connection with such technical assistance
The legitimate interest of AIR LIQUIDE to offer you online assistance tools to facilitate the management and monitoring of your contract (s) and to develop and improve our services
Duration of the contract plus a maximum of five (5) years and beyond to allow AIR LIQUIDE to fulfill its legal obligations
To process your application if you have responded online to a job offer at AIR LIQUIDE
AIR LIQUIDE legitimate interest in assessing your suitability for the proposed job
2 years from our last exchanges relating to your application and beyond to allow AIR LIQUIDE to fulfill its legal obligations
To process your queries related to the protection of your personal data
AIR LIQUIDE need to comply to a legal obligation
Processing time of your request plus a maximum of five (5) years and beyond to allow AIR LIQUIDE to fulfill its legal obligations
Access your Air Liquide shareholder account
The need for AIR LIQUIDE to fulfill the contract with you
Period of existence of the shareholder account plus five (5) years following the closure of the account and beyond to allow AIR LIQUIDE to fulfill its legal obligations
Send Group communication, including the AIR LIQUIDE newsletters to which you subscribe
The legitimate interest of Air Liquide to keep you up-to-date on the Group’s news
Duration of your subscription to Group communication (such as newsletters)
AIR LIQUIDE also processes the personal data you provide in the course of your dealings and communications with us, such as your email exchanges, your discussions using tools and platforms provided by AIR LIQUIDE, or in connection with the virtual workspaces and collaborative tools used by AIR LIQUIDE. These treatments are based on the legitimate interest of AIR LIQUIDE to ensure the relationship with you by dealing with your requests, questions etc. and to improve the quality of the service provided, and aim to make these tools available, to ensure and control their appropriate use as well as the security of the computer system and the confidentiality of the information.
Passive personal data collection
Some of the personal data stored on our server is provided by you voluntarily when you complete forms online, while other data are collected automatically.
In order to improve user browsing experience on our sites and for statistical analysis purposes, AIR LIQUIDE automatically collects certain data when you visit our sites:
Your IP address: an IP address is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider so that you can access the web
The date and time you visit to the site and the pages you view
Your computer’s operating system and the internet browsing software used
Your login, if you browse restricted areas of the site
Your browsing history within Group websites and the duration of your connection.
Depending on the case, we process such data with your consent when the law requires it (for example, in the case where the deposit of some cookies on your terminal requires the collection of your consent) or on the basis of our legitimate interest in proposing a website and improve its performance.
We recommend that you also read our page about cookies.
Recipients of personal data
In the strict limit of data processing carried out for the purposes described above, we are led to communicate some of your data to:
Authorized personnel of AIR LIQUIDE companies in the exercise of their usual duties
Our service providers and subcontractors
Transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area
Besides, the use of the web conference service as well as the availability of communication tools and platforms involves the transfer of personal data (names, surnames and email address) for the purpose of identification, and exchanged data (message, attachments)  for the purpose of hosting and administration to non-member states of the European Economic Area, including the United States, whose legislation on the protection of personal data is different from the legislation of the European Economic Area.
When we transfer your data to the United States, we will treat your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the Standard Contractual Clauses that were set out by the European Commission (decision 2010/87/EU) and that are signed with our providers.
Moreover, because of the international dimension of the group and its organisation, AIR LIQUIDE transfers your personal data within its entities located in countries not members of the European Economic Area. These transfers are covered by "Binding Corporate Rules" approved by the competent authorities for the protection of personal data. You can consult them by following this link.
Confidentiality of the data collected
AIR LIQUIDE uses your personal information exclusively for the specific purposes described above. The information that you provide to us will remain confidential and will be used only in connection with your relationship to AIR LIQUIDE and/or one of its affiliated companies as a customer; this information will never be released or sold to any third party for commercial or prospecting purposes.
Your rights with respect to your personal data
In accordance with the applicable regulations on the protection of personal data, in particular Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, you have a right of access, rectification and erasure of the personal data which concern you, the right to oppose, for reasons relating to your particular situation, to the treatment of your personal data, as well as the right to set guidelines regarding the fate of your personal data post-mortem.
In addition, in some cases you may request to receive the personal data you have provided to us or, where possible, to send it directly to another controller.
In certain circumstances, you also have the right to obtain the limitation of the processing of your personal data.
For data processing requiring consent from you, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The exercise of this right does not affect the lawfulness of consent-based treatment prior to withdrawal.
For any request or complaint relating to the processing of your personal data and the exercise of your rights, you can contact the Data Protection Officer designated by AIR LIQUIDE.
By regular post:
Laurence Thomazeau, Data Protection Officer
75, quai d’Orsay - 75007 Paris
Or using the contact form available here:https://www.airliquide.com/group/contact-us-gdpr
You also have the right to file a claim with the competent authority for the protection of personal data.
Modifications
AIR LIQUIDE reserves the right to modify or complete this Privacy Statement at any time. All such updates will be flagged on the homepage of the website and you are advised to read this Privacy Statement every time you access the AIR LIQUIDE website. All such modifications or additions to this Privacy Statement are applicable as soon as they are posted on the website.
Registered shareholders: your personal data protection As an account holder, Air Liquide takes the protection of its shareholders’ personal data very seriously.
For this reason, Air Liquide’s Shareholder Services is reaffirming its commitment to only collect data that is strictly necessary and to be fully transparent with you about how this data is used.
What is GDPR?
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) entered into force on May 25, 2018 in the European Union. Its main objective is to give individuals more control over their personal data, in other words any information that relates to an identified or identifiable living person (surname, first name, telephone number, etc.).
What data do we collect and why?
When you become a registered shareholder, Air Liquide collects some information about you. This collection of personal data is based either on a legal obligation falling on Air Liquide, or on the necessity to perform the share account agreement you entered into. Why and how we use this information:
Surname, first name, date of birth (and a copy of your identity card): the law requires Air Liquide to collect this information in order to identify its registered shareholders and to add them to the company’s Register of Shareholders. For security purposes and in order to best handle your request, Shareholder Services advisors may need to verify this information when you contact them with a request.
Mailing address: the law requires Air Liquide to collect its registered shareholders’ mailing addresses in order to identify their country of residence. If you have not chosen to go paperless, this address will be used to send you your securities account statements.
Telephone number: Air Liquide collects the telephone numbers of registered shareholders in order to be able to inform them regarding their ongoing procedures: share account opening, account transfer request, shares donations, etc.
Email address: your email address is necessary to create your personal online account at airliquide.com, in the “Shareholders” section. This account allows you to check your portfolio online and vote in the Annual General Meeting. As a direct registered shareholder, you can also place buy and sell orders online and benefit from a reduced brokerage rate.
If you have chosen to go paperless for your account documents and/or your invitation to the General Assembly Meeting (you can request this in the “My online procedures” section of your personal online account), we will inform you via email when your account documents are available in your online account.
Finally, if you are interested and authorize us to do so, we can send you email updates containing essential communications from the Air Liquide group (Shareholder’s guide, Publication of Results,...), exclusive invitations to events reserved for shareholders, and competitions.
Bank details: as a direct registered shareholder, Air Liquide needs this information in order to pay you your dividend amount as well as any fractional rights as part of free share attributions. Your bank details are also needed in the event of the purchase or sale of securities.
What measures does Air Liquide take to protect its shareholders’ personal data?
Air Liquide has defined a policy around four pillars (transparency, respect, security and legitimity) that specifies the rules to be applied by all Air Liquide employees and external service providers worldwide when collecting, using and transferring personal data.
Air Liquide and its Shareholder Services also take numerous measures, both on a technical and organizational level, to ensure the protection of your personal data. Therefore, your data is always kept and used securely.
In addition, if Shareholder Services uses an external service provider for data processing (for example, to send invitation cards for a shareholders’ meeting), Shareholder Services commits to check that it provides sufficient guarantees to the protection of shareholders’ data.
Finally, all Shareholder Services employees are made aware of the issues surrounding personal data protection through regular training and awareness campaigns.
As a shareholder, what rights do I have when it comes to my personal data?
As a registered shareholder in Air Liquide, you have certain rights when it comes to your personal data:
Right of access: you can obtain a copy of all personal data which we hold concerning you from Shareholder Services.
Right to rectification and erasure: you can ask Shareholder Services to correct or update your personal data (if you have changed your address, for example, provided that you have supplied the necessary supporting documents). On the other hand, you cannot request Shareholder Services to delete all your personal data. Indeed, Shareholder Services is obliged by law to store the information relating to your share accounts for 5 years following the closure of your account.
Right to restriction of processing: you can ask Shareholder Services to stop using your personal data or to limit its use, under the conditions provided by law (for example, if the data is not accurate).
Right to data portability: you can ask Shareholder Services to send you all your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, in order for it to be transferred to another organization.
You can exercise your rights regarding personal data protection:
by written request to: Laurence Thomazeau, Déléguée à la Protection des données - 75, quai d’Orsay - 75007 Paris
via our online contact form dedicated to personal data protection
For more information on how your personal data is used on this website, you can refer to our legal notice.