http://www.fastenal.com/en/186/legal-information;jsessionid=KMZNXo57cWgPAXxi1cJJaGUH.995d8ec0-4fff-395e-a6cf-a9377fcd1d2c?intcmp=ft-legal
Legal Information | Fastenal
Products
Account
Branch
Cart
Catalogs
Rebates & Flyers
Services & Resources
Careers
Feedback
Help
Search
Products
Browse
Products
Abrasives
Adhesives, Sealants, and Tape
Cutting Tools and Metalworking
Electrical
Electronics and Batteries
Fasteners
Fleet and Automotive
HVAC and Refrigeration
Hardware
Hydraulics
Janitorial and Cleaning
Lighting
Lubricants, Coolants, and Fluids
Machinery
Material Handling, Lifting and Rigging
Motors
Office and Breakroom Supplies
Outdoor Products and Equipment
Packaging and Shipping Products
Paint and Painting Supplies
Plumbing
Pneumatics
Power Transmission
Pumps
Raw Materials
Safety
Sealing
Security
Test and Measurement
Tools and Equipment
Welding
Abrasives
Adhesives, Sealants, and Tape
Cutting Tools and Metalworking
Electrical
Electronics and Batteries
Fasteners
Fleet and Automotive
HVAC and Refrigeration
Hardware
Hydraulics
Janitorial and Cleaning
Lighting
Lubricants, Coolants, and Fluids
Machinery
Material Handling, Lifting and Rigging
Motors
Office and Breakroom Supplies
Outdoor Products and Equipment
Packaging and Shipping Products
Paint and Painting Supplies
Plumbing
Pneumatics
Power Transmission
Pumps
Raw Materials
Safety
Sealing
Security
Test and Measurement
Tools and Equipment
Welding
My Account
Sign In or Register
Account
Username:
Password:
Keep me signed in (Uncheck when using a shared computer)
or
Register
Forgot your username or password?
My Branch
Find a Branch
Branch
Find a Branch
You do not have a local branch selected.
My Cart
Items(0)
Cart
Your shopping cart is empty.
Browse Products
Add Order Template
Fast Order Pad
Menu
Fastenal Uses Cookies to Improve User Experience
Cookies are not used for the processing, collection or storage of personal data under any circumstances. If you would like to prevent this website from using cookies, adjust the cookie settings in your browser. Changing this settings will alter the functionality of this site and your user experience could be diminished.
Accept & Continue
I wish to block cookies.
Home
>
Legal Information
Legal Information
Legal Information
Jump to section...
Privacy StatementTerms of Access Terms of Purchase Terms of Tool and Repair and Inspection Service Terms of Registration Supplier Code of Conduct Global Purchase Order Terms & Conditions European Suppliers Terms & Conditions Terms for International Business
Privacy Statement
Dutch (551KB) Hungarian (530KB) Spanish (524KB) Czech (535KB) Polish (531KB) French (531KB) Romanian (531KB)
Fastenal’s Privacy Statement
Fastenal is a global, industry leader in OEM and MRO industrial products and services. We receive and maintain customer information that will allow us to best support their accounts, product and service needs. Please read further for the details of our strict Privacy Notification Statement. Maintaining our customer’s privacy is very important to us.
You may withdraw consent at any time by visiting our website www.fastenal.com > Legal Information > Privacy Statement
WHAT IS PERSONAL DATA OR DATA?
Personal Data is defined as “any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA IS COLLECTED?
The information you provide will be subject to rigorous measures and procedures to minimize the risk of unauthorized access or disclosure.
FASTENAL MAY COLLECT PERSONAL DATA THAT WOULD INCLUDE BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO:
FULL NAME
PHONE NUMBER
EMAIL ADDRESS
BILL TO ADDRESS
SHIP TO ADDRESS
PAYMENT CARD NUMBER, EXPIRATION DATE, ETC.
IP ADDRESS
HOW WILL MY PERSONAL DATA BE USED
The personal data provided will be used to assist Fastenal with processing your order, whether it be an online order or direct through a Fastenal store. It will also allow us to provide ongoing support and meet the tracking requirements of your account, ex. inventory usage.
Website usage information may be collected to aggregate statistical information, enhance system administration or to improve the content of the Site. See Cookies section for further detail.
The information we collect through our website will help Fastenal effectively enhance this Site, expand product growth and better serve our customers, which will result in continued customer satisfaction. Fastenal may use the information collected to notify Site visitors of changes to this Site, to notify Site visitors of new products, and for any other legitimate and lawful business purpose.
Transactional information from companies or individuals that purchase products from our Site may be collected and used by Fastenal as a database or to provide subsequent products or services to such parties. Such information includes, but is not limited to, shipping information, credit card holder name and card number/expiration date. This information is considered essential to the performance of online transactions.
To identify the local of users, IP addresses and device identifiers may be used to block disruptive use, establish site use analytics for site improvement or to redirect users to a different site. Ex. If you are accessing the site from Canada, you may be re-directed to www.fastenal.ca
WHO WILL FASTENAL SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?
Transactional information from companies or individuals that purchase products from our Site may be collected and used by Fastenal as a database or to provide subsequent products or services to such parties. Such information includes, but is not limited to, shipping information, credit card holder name and card number/expiration date. This information is considered essential to the performance of online transactions.
Fastenal may choose to share information with some specific third parties, such as suppliers, financial institutions, and third party service providers, and with any successor Fastenal interest.
FASTENAL WILL NOT GIVE, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER E-MAIL ADDRESSES MAINTAINED BY THIS SITE TO ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY FOR THE PURPOSE OF INITIATING, OR ENABLING OTHERS TO INITIATE, ELECTRONIC MAIL MESSAGE IN VIOLATION OF TITLE 15, CHAPTER 103 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE.
Access to your data is limited to Fastenal and is constructed in a way to protect you and your information.
Fastenal may disclose information about any Site visitor in response to subpoenas, investigative requests (with or without subpoena) and other legal process, to uphold Fastenal's legal rights and defend against legal claims.
WHAT IS A COOKIE?
A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by a web site to give the customer a unique ID (a ‘Cookie’).
HOW DOES FASTENAL USE COOKIES?
Fastenal may use Cookies to track new visitors to this Site and recognize past customers so that Fastenal may customize and personalize Site information.
Cookies used by this Site do not contain any personal data. Fastenal cannot identify a customer unless that information is provided voluntarily.
IF YOU CONFIGURE YOUR COMPUTER TO BLOCK OR ERASE COOKIES, SOME WEBSITE FUNCTIONALITY WILL NOT WORK PROPERLY AND THE USER EXPERIENCE WILL BE DIMINISHED.
COOKIES WE USE
Necessary Cookies – These are necessary for the website to work. They must remain active in order to use such features as the shopping cart.
Functional Cookies – These are used in features such as remember me choices (i.e. user name, # of products per page preferences, regional location of the user – shows availability of your closest store, etc.) These are anonymized, personal data is not collected.
Performance Cookies – These collect information about which pages visitors go to most often and help us to provide a better user experience, ex. Google Analytics. These are anonymized, personal data is not collected.
DO NOT TRACK (DNT)
DNT is a proposed policy and technology to allow internet users the ability to control the tracking of their online use. As this concept is still being worked on by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) along with industry groups, Internet browsers, technology companies and regulators, there is not a DNT technology standard to date.
HOW TO BLOCK YOUR BROWSER FROM TRACKING COOKIES
The following are the browser Fastenal.com currently supports. To disable Cookies in your browser please select one of the below.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
FireFox
Edge
Safari
OFFENSIVE OR INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT ON FASTENAL SITES
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, profane or other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law. Any material, information or idea you transmit or post on this Site by any means will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
USERS UNDER AGE 18
If you are a user under age 18, please obtain a parent/guardian’s permission before sharing any personal data with Fastenal.
HOW LONG WILL MY PERSONAL DATA BE KEPT?
We will strive to keep your information accurate and up to date and keep it only for as long as is necessary, according to legal retention periods.
In some instances, the law sets the length of time information must to be kept. When possible, Fastenal will use its discretion to ensure that we do not keep records outside of our normal business requirements.
UPDATES TO FASTENAL’S PRIVACY STATEMENT
As Fastenal’s Privacy Notification Statement may be periodically updated, it is suggested to review it on occasion, or before submitting personal data in the future.
IF YOU ARE A CITIZEN UNDER THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR in Europe) or FEDERAL PERSONAL DATA LAW (Mexico), PLEASE READ BELOW FOR FURTHER DETAILS.
HOW DO I FIND OUT WHAT PERSONAL DATA FASTENAL HOLDS ABOUT ME?
To receive a list of what personal data/information is being processed, please email data_privacy@fastenal.com and request the SUBJECT ACCESS REQUEST FORM. You will receive a confirmation of receipt of your request within 72 hours.
The information requested in the SUBJECT ACCESS REQUEST FORM must be provided, along with proof of identity.
The copy of personal data will be provided within one month after the fulfilled Subject Access Request form has been submitted. Should additional information be required in order to identify the data subject within our systems, it may take longer to fulfill this request.
DELETING PERSONAL DATA
You have the Right to Erasure (‘Right to be Forgotten’), Art. 17 GDPR, and thus have your data removed from our database, excluding circumstances where Fastenal is required to retain this to meet our legal obligations as a business and proof of transactions. To have your personal data removed from our database, please email data_privacy@fastenal.com and request the DATA SUBJECT CONSENT WITHDRAWAL FORM.
CONTACTING FASTENAL ABOUT THIS PRIVACY NOTIFICATION STATEMENT
Should you have any questions or concerns, please contact data_privacy@fastenal.com.
Continue Shopping
Terms of Access
Applies to all users accessing the site.
Acceptance Of Contract Terms
The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and Fastenal Company (hereinafter "Fastenal"). By accessing, browsing and/or using this web site or application published by Fastenal (hereinafter "Site"), you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this Site. Provided you purchase any Goods, Products or Services from Fastenal by using this Site, your purchase will be governed by the applicable terms and conditions contained in this Legal Information page. Access to this Site is limited to viewing the linked web pages solely for legitimate business purposes to access the information provided by Fastenal.com on this Site. Fastenal reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to periodically revise these Terms of Access, Terms of Purchase, Terms of Tool and Repair Service, Supplier Terms and Code of Conduct and Terms of Registration.
Security
Fastenal places extreme importance on protecting information transferred on this Site and security precautions are taken to protect all such information. Fastenal continually reviews and updates the security methods implemented to protect information transmitted via this Site, including measures to secure and protect all personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, and alteration. Even though Fastenal takes measures to protect and secure all customer-related information from loss, misuse or theft, Fastenal cannot guarantee that all electronic commerce is completely secure. Any access or attempt to access to other areas of Fastenal's computer systems or the information contained on Fastenal's computer system is strictly prohibited. This Site is controlled and operated by Fastenal from its offices located in Winona, Minnesota, U.S.A.
Site Information Use
Fastenal makes no representation that materials in the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, especially international locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. This Site and certain areas on this Site may be linked to other Sites that are not maintained by Fastenal and are not subject to the same Privacy and other Policies. Fastenal is not responsible for the content of these other Sites. A link to another Site does not imply an endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the Site and Fastenal disclaims any liability for the links to and from this Site. Any cross-reference comparisons or references to competing products contained on this Site do not imply or suggest that in all cases the performance or functional equivalency of the referenced comparison is perfectly comparable. Fastenal, at its sole discretion, may at any time revise or modify the information contained in this Site.  YOUR USE OF ANY REAL TIME ROUTE GUIDANCE APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.  LOCATION DATA MAY NOT BE ACCURATE.
Privacy Policy
Fastenal may collect, compile and utilize various types of information from the parties accessing or visiting this Site. Transactional information from companies or individuals that purchase products from our Site may be collected and used by Fastenal as a database or to provide subsequent products or services to such parties. Such information includes, but is not limited to, shipping information, credit card holder name and card number/expiration date. This information is considered essential to the performance of online transactions. Additionally, this information may be collected to aggregate statistical information, enhance system administration or to improve the content of the Site. The information we collect will help Fastenal effectively enhance this Site, expand product growth and better serve our customers, which will result in continued customer satisfaction. Fastenal may use the information collected to notify Site visitors of changes to this Site, to notify Site visitors of new products, and for any other legitimate and lawful business purpose. Fastenal may choose to share information with some specific third parties, such as suppliers, financial institutions, and third party service providers, and with any successor Fastenal interest. Fastenal may disclose information about any Site visitor in response to subpoenas, investigative requests (with or without subpoena) and other legal process, to uphold Fastenal's legal rights and defend against legal claims. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, profane or other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law. Any material, information or idea you transmit or post on this Site by any means will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. FASTENAL WILL NOT GIVE, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER E-MAIL ADDRESSES MAINTAINED BY THIS SITE TO ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY FOR THE PURPOSE OF INITIATING, OR ENABLING OTHERS TO INITIATE, ELECTRONIC MAIL MESSAGE IN VIOLATION OF TITLE 15, CHAPTER 103 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE. Access to your data is limited to Fastenal and is constructed in a way to protect you and your information. If you do not wish to have your session information included in user behavior analysis, click here to opt-out.
Submitted Information
All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or other information communicated to Fastenal through this Site will forever be the property of Fastenal. Unless otherwise specified in writing, all material submitted to Fastenal.com will be presumed to be public and Fastenal.com will not be required to treat such information as confidential. Fastenal shall have exclusive ownership rights of present and future existing rights in the information provided, without compensation to the person sending the information.
Copyright
The copyright in all material provided on this Site is held by Fastenal or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Fastenal or the copyright owner. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on this Site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you do not modify the materials and you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you will immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials. You also may not, without Fastenal's written permission, "scrape" the Site with software tools or "mirror" any material contained on this Site on any other server. Any unauthorized use of any and all material contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks, and logos (the "Trademarks") used and displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Fastenal and others. Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site, without the written permission of the Trademark owner. Fastenal aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. The name of Fastenal or the Fastenal logo may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this Site, without prior written permission. Fastenal prohibits the use of the Fastenal logo as a "hot" link to any Fastenal site unless Fastenal approves the establishment of such a link in advance in writing. Additionally, this Site may contain third-party trademarks and service marks. All third-party marks are the property of their respective companies. Access to this Site does not constitute a right to copy or use any of the intellectual property of Fastenal or its suppliers. Statutory notice contained herein represents trademark status in the United States. Any questions concerning the use of these Trademarks and/or service marks or whether a Trademark and/or service mark that does not appear on this list is a Trademark and/or service mark of Fastenal should be referred to Fastenal at U.S. 1-507-454-5374. The Roush Fenway trademarks, Trevor Bayne, Ricky Stenhouse Jr., and Carl Edwards' name and/or likeness used by authority of Roush Fenway Racing, LLC.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by a web site to give the customer a unique ID (a "cookie"). Fastenal uses cookies to track new visitors to this Site and recognize past customers so that Fastenal may customize and personalize Site information. Cookies used by this Site do not contain any personally identifiable information. Fastenal cannot identify a customer unless that information is provided voluntarily. IF YOU CONFIGURE YOUR COMPUTER TO BLOCK OR ERASE COOKIES, YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO USE THIS SITE.
Third Party Servicing
Fastenal may contract with third party data collection and reporting services ("Third Party Service") to collect information regarding Site visitors and their use of this Site. Such Third Party Service may use Cookies to collect such information. Any Third Party Service will be contractually prohibited from using information obtained in the course of providing these services to Fastenal in any manner other than solely for Fastenal's business purposes. If you would like to opt out of these services completely, contact Fastenal. Also, Fastenal uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our Site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our Site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third Party Service vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to www.fastenal.com. Any data collected will be used in accordance with Fastenal’s Terms of Access and Google’s privacy policy. Visitors have the option to opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
Disclaimer Of Warranty
The materials on this site are provided "as is" without warranties of any kind either express or implied. All information on this Site is subject to change without notice. To the fullest extent possible pursuant to the applicable law, FASTENAL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER VIOLATION OF RIGHTS. FASTENAL DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE, VALIDITY, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF, OR OTHERWISE RESPECTING, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE OR ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE. FASTENAL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED ON THIS SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITE OR SERVER IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
Limitation Of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL FASTENAL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF DATA OR PROFIT, SOFTWARE DAMAGE OR EQUIPMENT DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF THE USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE, EVEN IF FASTENAL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBLITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In the event your use of these materials results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume any costs or expense for such needs.
Periodic Updating of these Terms and Conditions
Fastenal may update these terms and conditions from time to time. Check this Site periodically for updates. Updates shall be effective the date such update is posted on the Site.
Governing Law
Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. The laws of the State of Minnesota govern any claim relating to, and the use of, this Site and the materials contained herein. The Terms and Conditions contained herein will be construed, interpreted and applied exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota, excluding conflict of law rules. Legal action with respect to any transaction must be commenced within one year after the cause of action occurs. The provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted by the State of Minnesota shall apply, with no application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
Forecasts Or Projections
The content of this Site may contain projections, forecasts and other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the potential financial performance of Fastenal. Any such statements are only predictions and actual events may differ materially. Visit the Investor Relations section on this Site or see Fastenal's Form 10-K for actual information.
U.S. Government Restricted Rights
The materials on this Site are provided with "RESTRICTED RIGHTS." Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in applicable laws and regulations. Use of the materials by the Government constitutes acknowledgment of Fastenal's proprietary rights in them.
Dispute Resolution
The parties shall exercise their best efforts to resolve by negotiation any and all disputes, controversies or differences arising out of or relating to this Agreement. All disputes, controversies or differences between the parties that are not settled by negotiation shall be decided in accordance with the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association and judgment will be entered on the award. The arbitrator will be bound by the express terms of this Agreement. The site of arbitration will be a mutually agreeable location in Minnesota and the arbitrator(s) will be bound by the applicable law of the State of Minnesota.
Questions
Questions regarding Fastenal Company's Terms of Access should be directed to:Fastenal Company2001 Theurer BoulevardWinona, MN 55987Or, simply utilize Fastenal's On-Line Contact Us option.
Terms of Purchase
Applies to all customers buying product from Fastenal.
Product Selection and Suitability
Most products offered by Fastenal are obtained from multiple supply sources, located throughout the United States and internationally. Many states and localities have codes and regulations governing sales, construction, installation, and/or use of products for certain purposes, which may vary from those in neighboring areas. While Fastenal attempts to assure that its Products (“Product”) comply with such codes, it cannot guarantee compliance, and cannot be responsible for how the Product is installed or used. Fastenal makes every reasonable attempt to ensure the quality of these supply sources and the Products they offer. As these Products are dynamic and versatile, Fastenal shall not be responsible for how Products are used or installed and the Product's conformance to local or regional codes or regulations. Review the Product materials and application, and relevant code, regulations or ordinances, to be certain that the Product, its installation, and use will satisfy these requirements. In no event will Fastenal be responsible for any loss or damage arising out of Purchaser's improper selection, misapplication or misuse of a Product.
Provided you are purchasing services and Fastenal is performing repairs or inspection related services in connection with certain goods, the “Terms of Tool Repair and Inspection Service" described in this Legal Information page will be applicable, in addition to these Terms of Purchase.
Limited Warranty
Fastenal warrants, for a period of one (1) year after delivery, that all Products delivered to you ("Purchaser") hereunder shall be free from any defects in material or workmanship and in conformity with any applicable specifications. Such warranty only extends to Purchaser. Purchaser shall inspect Products within a reasonable time after receipt, and shall promptly notify Fastenal of any claimed defect or nonconformity. Any Products determined to be defective in material or workmanship must be returned, with an invoice and/or control number to a Fastenal branch or authorized location, shipping costs to be prepaid by Purchaser, within the one-year warranty period. Correction shall be made or replacement Products shall be delivered by Fastenal, unless prevented by conditions not subject to Fastenal's control. This warranty shall not be applicable in the event of the misapplication or misuse of the Product by Purchaser. Fastenal makes no warranties to those defined as consumers in the Magnuson-Moss Warranty-Federal Trade Commission Improvement Act. THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES ARE IN PLACE OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED AND FASTENAL COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Disclaimer
NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IS MADE BY FASTENAL, OTHER THAN WHAT IS PROVIDED IN THE ABOVE WARRANTY SECTION. FASTENAL DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR PRODUCT DEFECT CLAIMS THAT ARE DUE TO THE MISUSE, IMPROPER SELECTION OR MISAPPLICATION OF THE PRODUCT.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR INJURIES TO PERSONS OR TO PROPERTY OR LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF FUTURE BUSINESS OR REPUTATION, WHETHER BASED ON TORT OR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL FASTENAL'S LIABILITY FOR PURCHASER'S DIRECT DAMAGES EXCEED THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT.
Cancellation and Returns
Fastenal must approve cancellation of any order prior to shipment. Orders for Special or Non-standard Products (not in the catalogue) may not be cancelled or returned. Any returns for shipping errors, damage or loss upon delivery must be reported within 10 days of the delivery date. Except as otherwise agreed, Products will not be accepted for return after 30 days from the date of delivery to the Purchaser. Any cancellation or returns accepted after 30 days may be subject to a restocking fee and other charges, for which the Purchaser shall be responsible. All returns should be made to a Fastenal branch or as otherwise designated by Fastenal, and must be in resalable condition and accompanied with an Invoice.
Security Interest
Purchaser grants to Fastenal a priority lien, purchase money security interest in the Products and any accounts receivable or cash from the resale of the Products until full payment is received, with respect to any sales on open account. Purchaser shall complete and cooperate with the submission of any documents necessary to validate or enforce Fastenal's rights hereunder.
Published Product Information
Fastenal reasonably attempts to maintain up-to-date and accurate pricing, availability and usage information about the Products contained in its catalogs. However, this information is dependent upon information distributed by and obtained from a manufacturer or supplier and is subject to change at any time. Fastenal reserves the right to revise catalog information at any time, without notice, and Fastenal will not be responsible for any pricing errors contained therein. FASTENAL MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN ITS CATALOGS.
California Proposition 65 and OSHA Hazardous Substance Information
Safety Data Sheets (SDS), which are applicable to certain Products that contain materials defined by for OSHA as defining hazardous substances and a list of Products known by the State of California to cause cancer or reproductive harm, are available on this Site, or may be obtained by contacting at your local Fastenal branch store, or by contacting Fastenal's product support division at productsupport@fastenal.com. The information and recommendations contained on the SDS supplied by the manufacturer is considered to be accurate and reliable. Purchaser represents it is purchasing Products as its “materials of trade,” as defined in the Hazardous Materials Regulations in Title 49 of the Code of U.S. Federal Regulations and the Products shall be used in direct support of its business, such business does not concern transportation, and such Products shall not be resold or transported in a vehicle other than one owned by itself. Fastenal does not, however, make any warranty concerning the accuracy of the information or the suitability of the recommendations. Fastenal disclaims any and all liability to Purchaser and/or any other user.
Proposition 65 (Prop 65) is a California law that requires the state to keep a list of chemicals that the State of California has identified may cause cancer or reproductive toxicity. If a Product contains a chemical on the list, the State of California requires businesses doing business in the State of California to provide a 'reasonable warning' before potentially exposing Californians to the chemicals. Fastenal will attempt to reasonably identify the Products that may be subject to this regulation and such Products are being offered and distributed with the following Proposition 65 notice:
WARNING: This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.
As there are many chemicals used throughout the manufacturing processes, Fastenal Products may contain a trace amount of any of the 850+ chemicals on the California Proposition 65 warning list. The list of chemicals and metals covered by Prop 65 now exceeds 850, and the List continues to grow every year. For a complete listing, visit www.oehha.org/prop65.html
Force Majeure
Fastenal will not be liable or held responsible for any delays or losses resulting, directly or indirectly from Acts of God, severe weather conditions, labor disputes, governmental actions, inability to obtain permits, licenses, raw materials or shipments of Product, war, riots, shortages and any other circumstances or causes beyond our reasonable control.
Governing Law
These Terms of Purchase shall be construed, interpreted and performed according to the laws, excluding conflict of law rules, of the State of Minnesota, United States of America. Any legal action must be filed and commenced within one year after it arises. The failure of either party to assert a right hereunder or to insist upon compliance with any term or condition will not constitute a waiver of that right or excuse any subsequent nonperformance of any such term or condition by the other party. The Uniform Commercial Code as adopted by the State of Minnesota will be applied, without application of any similar state or international law or treaty.
Miscellaneous
The relationship between Fastenal and Purchaser shall be that of an independent contractor. If any of the provisions contained herein are deemed illegal or unenforceable, such determinations shall not affect the validity of the remaining terms and conditions and the remaining terms will continue in force and effect to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. Purchaser shall not assign any order or interest therein to another party, without the written consent of Fastenal.
Dispute Resolution
The parties shall exercise their best efforts to resolve by negotiation any and all disputes, controversies or differences arising out of or relating to this Agreement. All disputes, controversies or differences between the parties that are not settled by negotiation shall be decided in accordance with the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association and judgment will be entered on the award. The arbitrator will be bound by the express terms of this Agreement. The site of arbitration will be a mutually agreeable location in the State of Minnesota and the arbitrator(s) will be bound by the applicable laws of the State of Minnesota.
Complete Agreement
These Terms of Purchase, including the Terms of Access, Terms of Registration, Terms of Tool and Repair Service (as applicable), order forms, quotations, invoices and catalog sales terms and conditions contained in Fastenal's Website are incorporated by reference herein and constitute the exclusive and complete Agreement between Fastenal and Purchaser.
Orders Terms
All orders must be received with a cash payment or purchased through Visa or MasterCard. For approved Purchasers with established and acceptable credit, the terms of purchase are Net 30 days from date of shipment. All payments must be in U.S. Dollars. Any credit applied to the account of Purchaser must be used within one (1) year and any credits remaining after this time period will be subject to cancellation if not used or requested. If an open account Purchaser fails to make full payment within thirty 30 days from date of shipment, Fastenal may defer any further shipments or other orders, or cancel any portion of an unshipped order. Fastenal reserves the right to charge interest at the rate of 18% per annum (1.5% monthly) or at the highest rate available under applicable law, to any account balance exceeding the terms set forth herein. It is understood and agreed that Purchaser will pay, to the extent permitted under law, all reasonable costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees and costs incurred by Fastenal in connection with any collection action for payment of the amounts due herein.
Sales Tax
Applicable state and local tax will be charged on orders, unless Purchaser provides Fastenal with an exemption certificate. Note your tax-exempt status when ordering.
Freight
Unless otherwise stated with the order, Purchaser will pre-pay for any freight costs associated with the delivery of Product to its destination. Any extra or additional charges or services rendered in transit or at the destination will be the responsibility of Purchaser. Title and risk of loss will pass to Purchaser upon delivery to the common carrier or Purchaser’s designated location.
Purchaser Representations
Purchaser acknowledges that it is not an agent of Fastenal and agrees to comply with the applicable provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Purchaser warrants and covenants that it has not offered, agreed to pay or paid, either directly or indirectly, anything of value to a foreign official (defined under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act), a foreign political party or party official, including a candidate, in connection with the purchase and resale of the Product. Also, Purchaser represents and warrants that it is not on, or associated with any organization on the United States Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security's Denied Persons List or Unverified List; or the United States Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control lists, Specially Designated Nationals, Specially Designated Global Terrorists, Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers, Specially Designated Narcotic Traffickers-Kingpin, or Specially Designated Terrorists List; or the United States Department of State's Designated Foreign Terrorist Organizations, Embargoed Countries list, or Debarred Persons List; or is subject to a denial order issued by the United States Department of Commerce.
International Shipments (Outside United States)
If Purchaser intends to export the Product, Purchaser represents that it is purchasing the Products to be exported from the United States and importing them to the country specified in the purchase order. Purchaser agrees that the Products will be shipped to that destination in compliance with the laws of such country. No re-export or diversion will occur. Purchaser will be responsible for obtaining and paying for all licenses, permits or similar governmental authorizations necessary for the exportation and importation of the Product. All costs associated with exportation and importation of the Product, including the selection and use of freight forwarders, will be the sole responsibility of Purchaser. At the time of Order, Purchaser agrees to inform Fastenal of any NAFTA or other certificates of origin or other special documentation, packaging or product marking or labeling, but Fastenal shall not be responsible for providing any such documentation, packaging, marking or labeling, unless expressly agreed by Fastenal.
Electronic Commerce (Optional)
If Fastenal and Purchaser agree to be bound by transactions performed through Fastenal's e-commerce Website via the issuance of purchase orders by Electronic Data Interchange (EDI), facsimile, and e-mail, such transactions will be subject to the Terms of Purchase, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties. The parties acknowledge that no writing shall be required in order to make their electronic transactions legally binding, notwithstanding any contrary requirement in the law. As necessary, the parties will adopt as their signature an electronic identification to be affixed to or contained in each Document transmitted by the party. The parties will implement reasonable security procedures to ensure authorized transmissions and to protect business records and data from improper access. By performing such transactions in the forgoing manner, the parties agree that no signature will be required in order to have a legally enforceable electronic commerce transaction, which will honored to the fullest extent under law. The parties agree not to contest the validity or enforceability of Signed Documents under the provisions of any applicable laws, including any Statute of Frauds statutes, relating to whether certain agreements be in writing and signed by a party in order to be bound. Any such Signed Documents, if introduced as evidence in any legal or administrative proceeding, will be admissible as evidence to the same extent as business records, which originate and are maintained in documentary form. The provisions under this Electronic Commerce paragraph will be in addition to any other agreements entered into between Fastenal and Purchaser concerning electronic data interchange.
Terms of Tool Repair and Inspection Service
Applies to all customers obtaining services from Fastenal.
Thank you for selecting Fastenal to provide service or repairs in connection with the goods or tool(s) you (“Purchaser”) are submitting. Fastenal's Service Center will be inspecting, and, as you requested, completing the appropriate estimates, repairs and services to the tools submitted (“Tool(s)”) or the materials or goods you requested us to inspect (“Inspections”) in a manner that is consistent with industry standards. Please understand, not every Tool may be repairable, but it is our intention to provide you with the services you've requested. In connection with the services we will be providing, the following terms will apply:
1.All estimates, repairs and service to the Tools and Inspections will be conducted in conjunction with relevant industry standards, and based upon Fastenal’s reasonable interpretation of such standards. Any estimates provided will become invalid after the Tool is returned to the Purchaser or any time period stated in the quotation.
2.All Tools received will be repaired up to the FastFix Rate, WITHOUT an estimate. FastFix Rate pricing is based on average repair charges performed on industrial grade Tools. The actual repair charges could vary for Tools needing only minor repairs versus major repairs.  All Inspections will be based upon the specific requirements expressed in a quotation or purchase order provided by Purchaser and Fastenal does not assume any responsibility or liability for failure to provide any further services not identified in the quotation or purchase order.
3.Upon the completion of the Tool or Inspections services, the Purchaser will be provided the Tool or notified of the completion of the requested Inspections. The following Limited Warranty replaces the Limited Warranty in the Terms of Purchase and will apply to the Tool or Inspections services completed by Fastenal:
•The repairs to the Tool completed by Fastenal are warranted for 90 days from the date of completion of the service, unless otherwise expressly stated in writing.  Any Inspections are warranted at the time of completion of the service to be in conformity with the quotation or purchase order and, if not specified, applicable industry standards.  Provided the service to the Tool or Inspections are not in conformity with the quotation or purchase order (if not specified, Fastenal utilizes applicable industry standards and manufacturer specifications), Fastenal will repair the Tool or re-perform the Inspections, during the period stated above, without charge to the Purchaser. This warranty does not apply to accessories, damage caused by repairs made or attempted by others, alterations or misuse of the Tool or Purchaser failing to adequately provide sufficient access to the goods to be inspected or cooperation to timely complete the Inspections.
•THIS WARRANTY IS EXPRESSLY IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS AND OF ALL OTHER OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILTIES ON OUR PART, INCLUDING RESPONSIBILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. The remedies provided herein are exclusive. This warranty gives Purchaser specific rights and you may have other rights, which may vary in certain states or provinces. IN NO EVENT WILL FASTENAL'S LIABILITY OR DAMAGES FOR THE SERVICES PERFORMED EXCEED THE FEES OR CHARGES PAID AND THE RE-PERFORMANCE OR REFUND OF AMOUNTS PAID BY PURCHASER (AS DETERMINED BY FASTENAL AT ITS SOLE DISCRETION) WILL BE THE PURCHASER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY.
4.If the Tool being serviced or repaired is covered under a manufacturer's warranty, Fastenal will perform such work in accordance with the manufacturer's recommended procedures. In addition to the warranties provided under provision 3 above, the Purchaser may be entitled to additional warranties as afforded by the manufacturer. Please consult the manufacturer's terms of sale for further details. Fastenal reserves the right to charge a handling fee for warranty repairs as required.
5.Provided a Tool is not repaired or cannot be repaired within the value range selected by the Purchaser, the Tool will be returned to the Purchaser (unless Purchaser specifically requests the Tool be discarded) and the Purchaser will be responsible for an Inspection Fee charged by Fastenal. The Tool will not be reassembled. Upon return of the unrepaired Tool, the Purchaser agrees and understands the following:
•This Tool has not been repaired by Fastenal and it is returned to the Purchaser. This Tool may contain defects or faults and is not in good working order. It is recommended that this Tool be serviced or repaired prior to using it for the purpose it was intended, or to properly dispose of the unrepaired Tool. Upon receipt of this Tool, the Purchaser assumes all risk of loss, liability or injury arising out of use of the Tool by the Purchaser, its employees, or third parties.
6.Purchaser must pick up the Tool promptly from our branch location after it is returned. All fees and costs of repairs must be paid before the Tool will be returned to Purchaser. If Purchaser fails to pick up your Tool within six (6) months from the date the Tool is returned to Fastenal’s branch, the Tool will be deemed abandoned and Fastenal will dispose of the Tool at its discretion, with any proceeds applied to fees and handling costs.
7.In the event Purchaser does not cooperate or provide Fastenal reasonable and timely access to the materials subject to Inspection, Purchaser shall reimburse Fastenal for any damages, additional costs, expenses, materials or labor expenses that may be incurred by Fastenal in order to complete the Inspection services in accordance with the quotation or purchase order.
The Terms of Purchase will apply to all Orders for services and the Terms of Tool Repair and Inspection Services will be in addition to such Terms of Purchase, unless stated otherwise herein. In the event of conflict between the Term of Purchase and the Terms of Tool Repair and Inspection Services, these Terms of Tool Repair and Inspection Services shall prevail for the performance of services by Fastenal. If you have any questions concerning the terms of service noted above, please contact your local Fastenal branch.
Terms of Registration
Applies to all customers registered on Fastenal.com.
Agreeing to the Terms of Registration indicates your acceptance of all applicable terms and conditions set forth in the Legal Information page. You certify, represent, and warrant that all purchases made by or access granted to any employees or agents of your organization utilizing your Fastenal account are authorized purchasers or representatives of your organization. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to verify and maintain the protection, security, and distribution of your account number, user names, and passwords associated with the Fastenal website. You expressly agree that all liability relating to password management resides with you and your organization and that under no circumstances, including negligence or misconduct, shall Fastenal be liable for any damages that result from the use of this service. You acknowledge that your purchasing rights and privileges may be modified at any time upon notice from Fastenal.
Supplier Code of Conduct
Applies to all suppliers who sell product to Fastenal.
At Fastenal Company, including its subsidiaries (‘Fastenal’), we are committed to operational excellence, ethical and responsible conduct, fair and respectful treatment of all individuals, and practices that promote safety, health and environmental protection. We expect the Suppliers who do business with us to share these commitments, and we strongly encourage each Supplier to meet the following standards in all activities that relate to our company. We will evaluate Suppliers’ compliance with these standards in determining whether to grant or continue preferred status. Suppliers that do not comply with the foregoing 'Code of Conduct' may be disqualified from preferred status and/or have their business relationship with Fastenal terminated.
Compensation. Supplier must comply with all applicable wage and hour laws and regulations – including those relating to minimum wages, overtime, and other elements of compensation – and will provide all legally mandated benefits.
Hours of Work. Supplier will maintain work hours in compliance with all applicable wage and hour laws and regulations. Supplier will not require employees to work more than any limits on regular and overtime hours allowed by any applicable local law.
Forced / Prison Labor. Supplier will not use forced or involuntary labor, including prison labor, bonded labor, indentured labor, or any other type of labor associated with human trafficking or abuse.
Child Labor. Supplier will not use child labor. “Child” is any person who is either (1) younger than 16, or (2) younger than the minimum age required for the employment under applicable law. Supplier will comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the employment of minors.
Coercion and Harassment. Supplier will treat each employee with dignity and respect, and will not engage in or permit corporal punishment, threats of violence, or other forms of harassment whether based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, religion, disability, age, or any other legally protected characteristic.
Discrimination. Supplier will not discriminate in hiring practices or any other condition of work on the basis of race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, color, age, national origin, physical or mental disability, religion, status as a disabled veteran, or other legally protected characteristics.
Workplace Safety and Emergency Planning. Supplier will provide a safe and healthful workplace for employees by endeavoring to meet or exceed international safety standards. Supplier must have procedures in place for handling emergencies such as fire, spills, and natural disasters.
Environmental Protection. Supplier will comply fully with all applicable environmental laws, and seek ways to conserve natural resources and energy, reduce waste and the use of hazardous substances, and minimize any adverse effects on the environment.
Compliance With Applicable Laws. Supplier will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to their business, as well as the standards of its industry, including those pertaining to the manufacture, pricing, sale, distribution, labeling, import, and export of merchandise. Without limiting this requirement, Supplier will not: (A) violate, misappropriate or infringe upon the intellectual property rights of Fastenal or any third party; or (B) engage in any activities that would violate any applicable laws and regulations relating to (1) bribery or illegal payments, (2) laws against unfair competition, (3) unfair and deceptive trade practices, (4) the environment, (5) health and safety, (6) international trade, including exports and imports, (7) data privacy, (8) money laundering, (9) employment, (10) contracting with governmental entities, or (11) medical devices, if applicable.
Commercial Bribery. Supplier will not in any way bribe any officer, director, manager, employee, representative or agent of Fastenal or any other entity, including without limitation, by offering or giving kickbacks or by offering or giving gifts of more than nominal value.
Accounting Records. Supplier’s accounting records must (1) be kept and presented according to the laws of each applicable jurisdiction, (2) in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions, assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and (3) not contain any false or misleading entries.
Conflicts of Interest. Supplier must immediately report to Fastenal any "conflict of interest" of which they become aware. A “conflict of interest” is any circumstance, transaction or relationship directly or indirectly involving the Supplier in which the private interest of any employee of Fastenal improperly interferes, or even appears to improperly interfere, with the interests of Fastenal.
Subcontracting. In addition to any restrictions on the use of subcontractors that are otherwise agreed to between the Supplier and Fastenal or the applicable subsidiary, Supplier will not use any subcontractor in connection with Fastenal unless the subcontractor has received a copy and reasonably complies with this Code of Conduct in connection with any activities performed for Fastenal.
Monitoring and Compliance. Supplier understands that Fastenal or our designated agents (including third parties) may engage in monitoring activities to assess compliance with this Code of Conduct including on-site inspection of facilities and review of books and records. Neither Fastenal nor any of its authorized agents assumes any duty to monitor or ensure compliance with this Code of Conduct. The Supplier understands that Supplier is solely responsible for full compliance with this Code of Conduct by its officers, directors, managers, employees, representatives and agents.
Management System and Communication. Supplier must establish and maintain processes that are reasonably designed to ensure compliance with, mitigate the risks identified in, and facilitate continuous improvement with respect to, this Code of Conduct. Supplier must ensure that this Code of Conduct is adequately communicated to all employees. Supplier should immediately notify Fastenal at +1 (507) 453-8981 upon learning of any known or suspected improper behavior by Supplier or by employees of Fastenal.
Global Supplier Purchase Order Terms & Conditions
Applies to all suppliers who sell products to any of Fastenal's global subsidiaries outside of Europe.
All Purchase Orders issued by Fastenal Company or any of its North American Subsidiaries, including but not limited to Fastenal Company Purchasing, Fastenal Canada, Ltd., Fastenal Mexico S de RL de CV and all Fastenal locations worldwide except in Europe (“Fastenal”) will be subject to the terms and conditions herein. No terms or conditions in any acceptance, confirmation, acknowledgment or invoice from the Supplier (herein “Seller”), inconsistent with this Purchase Order (“P.O.”) shall apply unless approved in writing by Fastenal. Shipment or performance pursuant to this P.O. shall constitute acceptance of the terms and conditions set forth herein and creates a contract that shall be governed in accordance with the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code and the laws of the State of Minnesota. These terms and conditions will be applicable to the current and any subsequent Purchase Orders entered into between Fastenal and Seller. Seller will be subject to and agrees to comply with Fastenal's Code of Conduct in connection with the processing and completion of every P.O. These terms and conditions will not void or in any way relieve the parties of obligations pursuant to Shared Investment Program (SI) or other agreements executed by the parties either before or after the date of the P.O.
Warranties
Seller warrants that for a period of one (1) year after distribution by Fastenal: (i) all products covered by this P.O. will be of good quality and workmanship, free from defects, and fit and sufficient for the intended purpose for which required; (ii) all materials supplied under this P.O. will conform to the description, quality and performance furnished or specified by Fastenal, or if not furnished or specified, to standard commercial specifications; (iii) no materials or products provided under this P.O. are banned, misbranded or mislabeled and all goods are produced in conformity with all applicable federal, state and local statutes, rules and regulations. The warranties in this section shall survive delivery of goods or completion of services and shall not be waived by acceptance of products or payment. Such warranties shall cover all losses, including costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) to which Fastenal will be exposed by any defects of Seller’s material or performance. These warranties will extend and be passed through to Fastenal’s customers and subsequent end users of such products. All shipping, freight in connection with the return of non-conforming or defective products to the Seller shall be borne by the Seller. Such warranties include replacement product, freight on returned or replacement product, and any potential sorting or product repair that may be required at Seller’s location or at a Fastenal location.
Corrective Action
Seller will immediately notify Fastenal in writing of any potential or actual stop sale, product recall or corrective action on a product distributed by Fastenal. Seller will reimburse Fastenal for all direct costs incurred by Fastenal (excluding lost profits and/or lost business opportunities), expenses of notifying end users and reasonable costs of processing a recall through Fastenal’s system (including labor and materials for the repair and replacement of products, freight and handling charges, customer service, administration, etc). Upon completion of the corrective action, Fastenal will notify Seller of such costs or expenses and Seller will submit reimbursement to Fastenal within thirty days after notification. Fastenal will be entitled to all remedies available under applicable law, including without limitation immediate termination of any Purchase Order, repair or replacement of the product, at Fastenal’s discretion, with all costs charged back to the Seller and exercise of set-off rights concerning any indebtedness owed to Fastenal by Seller.
Product Liability Indemnity
Seller agrees to defend, indemnify, assume any liability, save and hold harmless Fastenal, its agents, subsidiaries, employees, customers, insurers, successors and assigns, from and against any claims, demands, suits, liabilities, penalties, losses, damages, or charges, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including attorney’s fees incurred), by any third party arising out of or based on any alleged non-conformity, defect or failure of any product covered by this P.O. or arising out of any actual or alleged violation by such products of any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation. This indemnity includes without limitation any product safety or quality control recall, corrective action or product retrofit, and any action or proceeding arising out of any of the above occurrences.
Infringement
Seller warrants that all products covered by this P.O. shall be delivered free of any claims of infringement and Seller agrees to defend, indemnify, and save Fastenal harmless from any and all third party claims of liability, loss, damage and expense arising from any infringement or alleged infringement on any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, or other right, by reason of the purchase, use or resale by Fastenal of any or all of the products covered by this P.O.
Insurance
Seller covenants and agrees, as a condition of purchase, at its expense to provide and procure broad form vendors liability insurance coverage naming Fastenal Company and Subsidiaries as an additional insured on applicable endorsements and certificates. This coverage shall not be canceled without Fastenal’s consent and the policy limits shall be $1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury and property damages with a minimum of $3,000,000 in the aggregate. Seller, upon request (certificates are required once purchases meet or exceed $100,000 per year), will submit Certificates of Insurance to Fastenal annually upon renewal. Seller will submit Certificates of Insurance to Fastenal prior to any Purchase Order performed by the Seller. All certificates should be remitted to the attention of Tracy Corcoran. Please email certificates to trcorcor@fastenal.com, facsimile to 507-494-6333 or by mail to Fastenal-PSC Building 4730 Service Drive, Winona MN 55987.
Product Returns
Fastenal reserves the right to return over-stock products to Seller for credit against open invoices without penalty or restocking fees. Fastenal will reasonably attempt to consolidate over-stocked new products, advise you of the amount of the returns, and coordinate shipments to the Seller. Fastenal will pay the freight to return over-stocked products. Seller will promptly accept and handle all return requests (in reasonably new, re-saleable condition) and credit open Fastenal accounts within thirty (30) days of your receipt of returned products.
Product Information and Data
Seller grants to Fastenal for business purposes the perpetual, nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty free right to use Seller’s Product Information and Data. Seller’s Product Information and Data shall include but not limited to item description, manufacture’s model number, cross-reference data, UL and CSA information, NAFTA data, tariff number preference criteria, regulatory data, shipping data, product dimensions and weight, cost and list price data, forecast data, technical specifications, catalog data and product images for Fastenal’s business purposes, including but not limited to, the right to reproduce (manipulate, reconfigure), copy, publish, sell, transfer (license and sublicense) to any third party or distribute by any other method. Seller certifies that the Labeling and Origin Criteria for products (or parts thereof) imported into the United States and distributed to Fastenal is accurate as provided and Seller will promptly notify Fastenal of any changes. Notifications for changes related to PPAP controlled product shall be in accordance with the latest AIAG requirements. Seller, as necessary or upon request, will provide relevant information about products, which are distributed to Fastenal locations in any country, including information governing the regulations for sale of product or limitations on the use of such products in these locations.
Compliance with Laws
Seller shall comply with all applicable provisions of Executive Order NO. 11246, and any relevant rules, regulations or orders of the Secretary of Labor pertaining to equal employment laws. To the extent applicable to this Purchase Order, the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses are incorporated herein by reference. Acceptance of this purchase order constitutes certification of the following clauses: FAR 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity: FAR 52.222-35 Affirmative Action for Special Disabled and Vietnam Era Veterans; FAR 52.222-36 Affirmative Action for Handicapped Workers.
Upon shipment Seller agrees to provide Fastenal with updated OSHA safety data sheets as applicable, and to comply with, and furnish all information evidencing compliance with all federal, state or local laws and regulations pertaining to the environment. If Seller is supplying Fastenal hazardous materials as defined by state and federal statutes and regulations, including without limitation the Federal Department of Transportation and California Proposition 65, Seller shall label such materials in accordance with such regulations. All labels and packaging associated with products supplied to Fastenal must comply with the current edition of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Handbook 130 or related labeling and packaging standards as imposed in various states. Seller agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Fastenal for any failure or non-compliance by Seller in connection with this section, including without limitation the payment of any fees, fines, assessments or penalties.
Confidentiality and Ownership of Plans and Drawings
All information, including but not limited to designs, specifications, customer lists, pricing, discounts, rebates, business operations, and other informative materials furnished by Fastenal and received, obtained by or utilized by Seller in connection with Fastenal purchases is solely for the use of obtaining such purchases and is deemed confidential, and shall not be disclosed or used without Fastenal’s consent. Title to all tooling, plans, drawings, prints, samples, and all other materials shall remain with Fastenal, and if requested, shall be promptly returned to Fastenal. No license or copyright privileges are granted to Seller under this P.O. and all rights are expressly retained by Fastenal. This provision will be in effect during the term of the Agreement and will continue for a period of two (2) years after termination. The aforementioned requirements shall not apply to information which: a.) is within the public domain; b.) is known to other parties at time of receipt; c.) is rightfully obtained from a third party without breaching the terms of this Agreement.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL FASTENAL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR INJURIES TO PERSONS OR TO PROPERTY OR LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF FUTURE BUSINESS OR REPUTATION, WHETHER BASED ON TORT OR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Force Majeure
Fastenal shall not be required to accept or pay for any goods or service covered by this P.O. if prevented from accepting and utilizing the same by reason of any labor dispute, accident, fire, casualty, act of Government, terrorism, or any other cause beyond its control.
Insolvency
Fastenal may cancel any portion of this P.O., which remains unfilled after the beginning of any bankruptcy filing, insolvency proceeding or assignment by or against Seller.
Independent Contractor
Seller and Fastenal will be independent contractors in connection with the performance of work and activities under this P.O. Seller will have no right or authority to bind Fastenal to any obligations or responsibilities and will not represent or hold itself out as an agent or representative of Fastenal.
Termination and Survival of Obligations
Fastenal shall have the right to terminate this P.O. in whole or in part at any time without cause by giving prior written or oral notice to Seller effective upon receipt. All of the obligations, terms, and conditions contained herein, including but limited to, indemnities and the procurement of insurance shall survive termination of this P.O. Seller shall have the right to discontinue sale of products to Fastenal upon forty-five (45) days prior written notice, subject to any continuing obligations under this P.O.
Dispute Resolution
All disputes, controversies or differences between the parties that are not settled by negotiation shall be decided in accordance with the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association and judgment will be entered on the award. The arbitrator will be bound by the express terms of this Agreement. The site of arbitration will be a mutually agreeable location in Minnesota and the arbitrator(s) will be bound by the applicable law of the State of Minnesota.
Shelf Life
Seller shall supply Fastenal will all applicable data concerning the shelf life of products purchased under this Agreement. Such data includes expiration dates, “born on” dating or “fill” dating, and Seller shall mark product packaging accordingly.
Gifts & Promotional Contests
Seller shall refrain from the use of bribes and kickbacks. Gifts given by Seller to Fastenal employees in the ordinary course of business with a value of less than $20 (golf balls, T-shirts, hats, etc.) are acceptable, as are business lunches and dinners. Gifts or offerings with a value in excess of $20 that are offered in connection with a promotional contest must be approved in advance, in writing, by the applicable Fastenal Product Manager. All other gifts are strictly prohibited. Fastenal requires Seller to comply with the obligations under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and any other anti-bribery laws or regulations of any country with regard to or in connection with providing products under this P.O. and any other activities involving Fastenal.
Invoicing
Fastenal will promptly pay invoices submitted by the Seller within the payment terms specified on the invoice or as agreed to by the parties. However, all invoices must be submitted to Fastenal within a reasonable period of time and in no event will Seller submit an invoice to Fastenal in excess of twelve months after the date of delivery of the product under a P.O. The parties agree that any invoices not submitted to Fastenal within twelve months from the date of delivery of the products will be void and are not subject to payment by Fastenal.
NAFTA Certification
Seller will reasonably identify any products supplied under this PO that qualify as a good subject to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Seller will provide appropriate documentation to Fastenal to confirm the origin of the goods or qualification of the goods for NAFTA eligibility.
If applicable, a list of all products supplied to Fastenal that qualify for NAFTA must be forwarded to Fastenal annually. Please specify how you supply your NAFTA or Country of Origin certificates.
NAFTA SUPPLIED HOW: ___________________________________ (BLANKET, CASE by CASE, or NOT AT ALL)
Copies of NAFTA Certificates will be forwarded to Fastenal at no additional charge. Your NAFTA product list and copies of NAFTA Certificates relative to products that qualify for NAFTA should be emailed to naftacertificates@fastenal.com or faxed to 507-494-3226.
Export Controls
Seller will notify Fastenal or reasonable identify on the Seller’s products whether a product may be subject to the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, International Traffic in Arms Regulations or similar governmental regulations or may be subject to restrictions related to the exportation of such Seller products to any foreign countries. In advance of shipment of such regulated products to Fastenal, Seller will promptly provide to Fastenal any Export Control Classification Numbers or other data or information that may be required or needed to be submitted to a governmental agency with regard to the exportation of the Sellers products to a foreign country. If you have any questions on exports controls, information can be found at www.bis.doc.gov/licensing/exportingbasics.htm.
Conflict Minerals
“Conflict Minerals” refers to tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold, which are derivatives of cassiterite, columbite-tantalite, and wolframite, regardless of where they are sourced, processed or sold. There is an increasing awareness of violence and human rights violations in the mining of certain minerals from an area described as the “Conflict Region”, located in the eastern portion of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and surrounding countries. As a result, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (‘Act’) of 2010 directed the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to adopt rules to implement disclosure requirements related to these “Conflict Minerals”. These rules apply to manufacturers who file periodic reports with the SEC and who manufacture or contract to manufacture products containing “conflict minerals” that are “necessary to the functionality or production” of those products. These manufacturers are required to make inquiries as to the origin of these “conflict minerals” and file a report with the SEC to describe and disclose the results of those inquiries.
To ensure compliance with the Dodd-Frank Act, our Sellers are required to undertake reasonable due diligence with their supply chains to determine whether the specified metals, if any exist in their respective products, are being sourced from:
1. Mines and smelters outside the Conflict Region or2. Mines and smelters which have been certified by an independent third party as “conflict free”, if sourced within the Conflict Region.
Sellers are required to provide written documentation to conflictminerals@fastenal.com to confirm whether the raw materials tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold used in the manufacture of the products supplied to Fastenal originated from outside the Conflict Region or, if the raw material originated from within the Conflict Region, that the mines or smelters are certified as “conflict free” by an independent third party. Fastenal’s Conflict Mineral Reports are available on the Investor Relations page: investor.fastenal.com.
California Proposition 65
Proposition 65, the Safe and Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986, was enacted as a ballot initiative in November 1986. The Proposition was intended to protect California (USA) citizens and the State’s drinking water sources from chemicals known to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm, and to inform citizens about exposures to such chemicals. In order to notify customers of possible exposure at the point of sale and on Fastenal.com, Seller must notify Fastenal (productcompliance@fastenal.com) if product contains chemicals covered by this Act that meet or exceed Safe Harbor levels that require a ‘reasonable warning’ and validate that the items are properly labeled for sale in California (USA). The list of chemicals and metals covered by Prop 65 now exceeds 900, and the list continues to grow every year. For a complete listing, visit www.oehha.org/prop65.html.
Material Declarations, REACH and RoHS
To be able to sell Fastenal products in the global market place, Fastenal must achieve and maintain material and substance compliance for all products we distribute.
Fastenal is requiring Full Material Declaration (FMD) regardless whether the product has SVHC’s present or is described as an ‘article’ by the REACH Directive (the 'Standard'). This Standard applies to all fasteners (nuts, bolts, screws, washers and pipe fittings) that Fastenal distributes. In the event of conflict between this Standard and any Fastenal Product Standard, the Seller shall immediately notify Fastenal of the conflict. Fastenal's Quality Assurance (Material Declaration) group must approve any deviation from the requirements of this Standard prior to the item being purchased and supplied to Fastenal. The primary objective of this Standard is to obtain compliance to environmental laws and directives such as RoHS, REACH, etc. Seller certifies compliance with this Standard via acceptance of a P.O. Contact materialdeclarations@fastenal.com with questions.
European Suppliers Terms & Conditions
Czech (198KB) French (167KB) German (172KB) Hungarian (186KB) Italian (167KB) Polish (208KB) Romanian (195KB)
Applies to all suppliers who sell products to Fastenal's European subsidiaries.
All Purchase Orders issued by Fastenal Netherlands Holdings B.V. and all Fastenal Netherlands Holdings B.V. affiliates ordering goods to be shipped to any European country (collectively “Fastenal”) will be subject to the terms and conditions herein. No terms or conditions in any acceptance, confirmation, acknowledgment or invoice from the Supplier (herein “Seller”), inconsistent with this Purchase Order (“P.O.”) shall apply unless approved in writing by Fastenal. Shipment or performance pursuant to this P.O. shall constitute acceptance of the terms and conditions set forth herein and creates a contract that shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands. These terms and conditions will be applicable to the current and any subsequent Purchase Orders entered into between Fastenal and Seller. These terms and conditions will not void or in any way relieve the parties of obligations pursuant to Shared Investment Program (SI) or other agreements executed by the parties either before or after the date of the P.O.
Warranties: Seller warrants that for a period of one (1) year after distribution by Fastenal: (i) all products covered by this P.O. will be of good quality and workmanship, free from defects, and fit and sufficient for the intended purpose for which required; (ii) all materials supplied under this P.O. will conform to the description, quality and performance furnished or specified by Fastenal, or if not furnished or specified, to standard commercial specifications; (iii) no products provided under this P.O. are banned, misbranded or mislabeled and all products are safe and are in compliance with the statutory requirements and other government regulations in addition to the requirements applied within the branch of industry in respect of safety, quality and environmental standards, in the country of delivery and, in so far as is known to Seller, the country of destination. The warranties in this section shall survive delivery of goods or completion of services and shall not be waived by acceptance of products or payment. Such warranties shall cover all losses, including costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) to which Fastenal will be exposed by any defects of Seller’s material or performance. These warranties will extend and be passed through to Fastenal’s customers and subsequent end users of such products. All shipping, freight in connection with the return of non-conforming or defective products to the Seller shall be borne by the Seller. Such warranties include replacement product, freight on returned or replacement product, and any potential sorting or product repair that may be required at Seller’s location or at a Fastenal location.
Corrective Action: Seller shall immediately notify Fastenal in writing of any potential or actual stop sale, product recall or corrective action on a product distributed by Fastenal. Seller shall reimburse Fastenal for all direct costs incurred by Fastenal (excluding lost profits and/or lost business opportunities), expenses of notifying end users and reasonable costs of processing a recall through Fastenal’s system (including labor and materials for the repair and replacement of products, freight and handling charges, customer service, administration, etc). Upon completion of the corrective action, Fastenal will notify Seller of such costs or expenses and Seller will submit reimbursement to Fastenal within thirty days after notification. Fastenal is entitled to all remedies available under applicable law, including without limitation immediate termination of any Purchase Order, repair or replacement of the product, at Fastenal’s discretion, with all costs charged back to the Seller and exercise of set-off rights concerning any indebtedness owed to Fastenal by Seller.
Indemnity: Seller agrees to defend, indemnify, assume any liability, save and hold harmless Fastenal, its agents, affiliates, employees, customers, insurers, successors and assigns, from and against any claims, demands, suits, liabilities, penalties, losses, fines, damages, or charges, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses (including attorney’s fees incurred), by any third party arising out of or based on any alleged non-conformity, defect or failure of any product covered by this P.O. or arising out of any actual or alleged violation by such products of any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation. This indemnity includes without limitation any product safety or quality control recall, corrective action or product retrofit, and any action or proceeding arising out of any of the above occurrences.
Infringement: Seller warrants that all products covered by this P.O. shall be delivered free of any claims of infringement and Seller agrees to defend, indemnify, and save Fastenal harmless from any and all third-party claims of liability, loss, damage and expense arising from any infringement or alleged infringement on any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, or other right, by reason of the purchase, use or resale by Fastenal of any or all of the products covered by this P.O.
Insurance: Seller covenants and agrees, as a condition of purchase, at its expense to provide and procure broad form vendors liability insurance coverage naming Fastenal Company Purchasing and affiliates as an additional insured on applicable endorsements and certificates. This coverage shall not be canceled without Fastenal’s consent and the policy limits shall be EUR1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury and property damages with a minimum of EUR3,000,000 in the aggregate. Seller will submit Certificates of Insurance to Fastenal annually upon renewal. Seller will submit Certificates of Insurance to Fastenal prior to any Purchase Order performed by the Seller. All certificates should be remitted to SUPPLIER COMPLIANCE. Please fax certificates to (507) 494-6333, or email to suppliercompliance@fastenal.com, or mail to 4730 Service Drive, Winona MN 55987 to Tracy’s attention.
Product Returns: Fastenal reserves the right to return over-stock products to Seller for credit against open invoices without penalty or restocking fees. Fastenal will reasonably attempt to consolidate over-stocked new products, advise the Seller of the amount of the returns and coordinate shipments to the Seller. Fastenal will pay the freight to return over-stocked products. Seller will promptly accept and handle all return requests (in reasonably new, re-saleable condition) and credit open Fastenal accounts within thirty (30) days of your receipt of returned products.On certain occasions, Fastenal will place “inventory expansion” orders for products not previously stocked in our distribution centers. These expansion orders should be viewed as an initiative to place products within our distribution network benefitting both parties and will be “standard” products from our suppliers. Fastenal will clearly identify expansion purchase orders at the point of order. Within 18 (eighteen) months of the expansion purchase order date, Fastenal will review the movement of these items and in some cases need to return slow or non-moving items to our suppliers. In these cases we will request a Returned Goods Authorization (RGA) from the supplier and expect that those requests will not be unduly withheld.
Product Information and Data: Seller grants to Fastenal for business purposes the perpetual, nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty free right to use Seller’s Product Information and Data. Seller’s Product Information and Data shall include but not limited to item description, manufacture’s model number, cross-reference data, UL and CSA information, NAFTA data, tariff number preference criteria, regulatory data, shipping data, product dimensions and weight, cost and list price data, forecast data, technical specifications, catalog data and product images for Fastenal’s business purposes, including but not limited to, the right to reproduce (manipulate, reconfigure), copy, publish, sell, transfer (license and sublicense) to any third party or distribute by any other method. Seller certifies that the Labeling and Origin Criteria for products (or parts thereof) imported into the European Economic Area and Switzerland and distributed to Fastenal is accurate as provided and Seller will promptly notify Fastenal of any changes. Notifications for changes related to PPAP controlled product shall be in accordance with the latest AIAG requirements. Seller, as necessary or upon request, will provide relevant information about products, including information governing the regulations for sale of product or limitations on the use of such products in these locations.
Compliance with Laws: Seller shall be responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and administrative requirements with respect to its activities pursuant to any P.O. and any ensuing agreements, including those governing trans-border sales, importation, storage, shipment, transfers of products, economic sanctions, and export controls. The foregoing expressly includes all applicable anti-bribery and corrupt practices laws, including without limitation the Bribery Act 2010 (U.K.), the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 1977, and any additional anti-bribery, corruption, commercial bribery, money laundering, or terrorist financing laws applicable to Seller. The foregoing also includes all applicable export control and economic sanctions laws. Seller shall also comply with all applicable provisions of Executive Orders 11246 and 13496, and any relevant rules, regulations or orders of the Secretary of Labor pertaining to equal employment laws. To the extent applicable to this Purchase Order, the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses are incorporated herein by reference. Acceptance of this purchase order constitutes certification of the following clauses: FAR 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity; FAR 52.222-35 Affirmative Action for Special Disabled and Vietnam Era Veterans; FAR 52.222-36 Affirmative Action for Handicapped Workers; and FAR 52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights under the National Labor Relations Act. To the extent not exempt, this contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a) at 29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. Seller shall notify Fastenal if product applies to state, federal, or country laws requiring but not limited to additional licensing, permits, recycling, environmental handling charges or reporting demands. Seller must notify Fastenal if an item becomes restricted for sale or use in a specific location. Without proper direction, product could potentially be exported or sold in any country within the European Economic Area and Switzerland and/or other countries once in Fastenal distribution. Contact PRODUCT COMPLIANCE at productcompliance@fastenal.com with this information so Fastenal can ensure compliance as the distributor of this product.In the event that safety information sheets are available for a product and/or packaging, the Seller will be obliged to supply those sheets. Safety information sheets must be provided free of charge at the time of the first delivery of and/or change to the product. The Supplier must comply with (any legislation implemented within the member states of the European Union further to) the provisions contained in EC Directive 91/155/EEC (as amended from time to time) and any successors thereof.Seller shall furthermore specifically ensure that all goods delivered comply with the provisions of EC Directive 2011/65/EC (RoHS) and all further amendments thereto and successors thereof as well as all national regulations issued in execution thereof. All delivered goods must be suitable and fit for RoHS compliant production and sales at all times and therefore should not contain any of the substances that are, or may be deemed to be, prohibited in light of the Directive and the applicable legislation in the country of delivery and the country where the end-user of the goods is established, in so far as the country of the end-user is known to Seller.In addition, the Seller shall in particular be responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and administrative requirements with respect to product safety, including but not limited to (any legislation implemented further to the) General Product Safety Directive 2001/95/EC as amended from time to time and any successor thereof.
Confidentiality and Ownership of Plans and Drawings: All information, including but not limited to designs, specifications, packaging configurations, customer lists, pricing, discounts, rebates, business operations, and other informative materials furnished by Fastenal and received, obtained by or utilized by Seller in connection with Fastenal purchases is solely for the use of obtaining such purchases and is deemed confidential, and shall not be disclosed or used without Fastenal’s consent. Title to all tooling, plans, drawings, prints, samples, and all other materials shall remain with Fastenal, and if requested, shall be promptly returned to Fastenal. No license or copyright privileges are granted to Seller under this P.O. and all rights are expressly retained by Fastenal. This provision will be in effect during the term of the Agreement and the P.O. and will continue for a period of two (2) years after termination. The aforementioned requirements shall not apply to information which: a.) is within the public domain; b.) is known to other parties at time of receipt; c.) is rightfully obtained from a third party without breaching the terms of this Agreement and the P.O.
Limitation of Liability: IN NO EVENT WILL FASTENAL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR P.O., INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR INJURIES TO PERSONS OR TO PROPERTY OR LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF FUTURE BUSINESS OR REPUTATION, WHETHER BASED ON TORT OR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO ANY LIABILITY RESULTING FROM GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF FASTENAL'S EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT.
Force Majeure: Fastenal shall not be required to accept or pay for any goods or service covered by this P.O. if prevented from accepting and utilizing the same by reason of any labor dispute, accident, fire, casualty, act of Government, terrorism, or any other cause beyond its control.
Insolvency: Without prejudice to any rights by virtue of law or this P.O. or any ensuing agreement, Fastenal may at any time (wholly or partially) suspend, terminate or cancel - without any liability to the Seller - the Agreement, this P.O. or any ensuing agreement with immediate effect, in case of any bankruptcy filing, insolvency proceeding or assignment by or against Seller.
Independent Contractor. Seller and Fastenal will be independent contractors in connection with the performance of work and activities under this P.O. Seller will have no right or authority to bind Fastenal to any obligations or responsibilities and will not represent or hold itself out as an agent or representative of Fastenal.
Termination and Survival of Obligations: Fastenal shall have the right to terminate this P.O. in whole or in part at any time without cause by giving prior written or oral notice to Seller effective upon receipt. All of the obligations, terms, and conditions contained herein, including but limited to, indemnities and the procurement of insurance shall survive termination of this P.O. Seller shall have the right to discontinue sale of products to Fastenal upon forty-five (45) days prior written notice, subject to any continuing obligations under this P.O.
Choice of Law and Dispute Resolution:The Agreement, this P.O., the terms and conditions herein and any ensuing agreements shall be exclusively governed by the laws of the Netherlands. The provisions of the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods ("Vienna Convention") shall not apply to the Agreement, this P.O., the terms and conditions herein or any ensuing agreements. All disputes, controversies or differences between the parties under this agreement that are not settled by negotiation shall be decided by arbitration administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution in accordance with its International Arbitration Rules and judgment will be entered on the award. The number of arbitrators will be one and the arbitrator will be bound by the express terms of this agreement, with English as the language used in the arbitral proceedings. The site of arbitration will be Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Shelf Life and Temperature Control: Seller shall supply Fastenal with all applicable data concerning the shelf life or temperature control demands of products purchased under this Agreement. Such data includes expiration dates, “born on” dating or “fill” dating, and Seller shall mark product packaging accordingly. If items require refrigeration when stocked, this is information Fastenal needs to ensure compliance. Send applicable information to productcompliance@fastenal.com.
Supplier Code of Conduct: Seller shall comply with Fastenal’s Supplier Code of Conduct, which can be found at www.fastenal.com, under the Legal Information link. Where required by law Fastenal will timely provide Seller with a hard copy of this Code of Conduct.
Gifts & Promotional Contests: Without prejudice to the section "Compliance with Laws" and the other provisions of this P.O., Seller shall refrain from the use of bribes and kickbacks. Gifts given by Seller to Fastenal employees in the ordinary course of business with a value of less than $20 (golf balls, T-shirts, hats, etc.) are acceptable, as are business lunches and dinners. Gifts or offerings with a value in excess of EUR 20.00 that are offered in connection with a promotional contest must be approved in advance, in writing, by the applicable Fastenal Product Manager. All other gifts are strictly prohibited. Fastenal requires Seller to comply with the obligations under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and any other anti-bribery laws or regulations of any country with regard to or in connection with providing products under this P.O. and any other activities involving Fastenal.
Invoice Requirements: Seller shall promptly submit full and complete invoices to Fastenal to effectuate payment. Seller’s invoices shall include a valid Fastenal purchase order number. If Seller’s invoice does not contain a valid Fastenal purchase order number, then Fastenal may withhold payment until a full and complete invoice is submitted to Fastenal. The time period for payment shall not begin to accrue until such full and complete invoice is received by Fastenal.
Pricing Terms:Any proposed price increases must be sent to the applicable Fastenal Product Manager and Business Development Manager in the form of a letter containing your company letter head. All increases must be based on raw material only. Such proposals must adhere to the following timeline:
1) A ninety (90) day written notice must be provided. Notifications must include the following information:
Proposed date that pricing adjustments will be charged on invoices.
Cite third party sources. (Acceptable sources include CRU, MEPS, LME, MRE, AMM).
State what % of Seller's distributors are receiving the same pricing adjustment
Priced file containing current pricing and proposed pricing.
Any price decreases must be sent to the applicable Fastenal Product Manager and Business Development Manager as soon as there is a 5% decrease in base materials. Purchasing by all locations is transparent and pricing will be universal (in some cases, two tier pricing will be allowed to encourage efficient distribution-only ordering. Cases where this comes into play must be approved by the appropriate Fastenal Business Development Manager and Product Manager.)Fastenal will promptly pay invoices submitted by the Seller within the payment terms specified on the invoice or as agreed to by the parties. However, all invoices must be submitted to Fastenal within a reasonable period of time and in no event will Seller submit an invoice to Fastenal in excess of twelve months after the date of delivery of the product under a P.O. The parties agree that any invoices not submitted to Fastenal within twelve months from the date of delivery of the products will be void and are not subject to payment by Fastenal.
Assignment: The Seller may not assign the Agreement, this P.O. or any ensuing agreement or any of its rights and obligations thereunder, either in whole or in part, to any third party without the prior written consent of Fastenal. Such consent may be subject to certain conditions. Any (attempted) assignment in violation of the foregoing shall have no effect, and this provision shall have property law effect
Further Business Cooperation: In an effort to further enhance the relationship between the parties, the parties are encouraged to consider the use of the services or products manufactured or distributed by the other party and, whenever commercially possible or appropriate under the circumstances, the Supplier will use its best reasonable efforts to patronize or purchase the services and products offered by Fastenal.
Export Controls: Seller will notify Fastenal or provide reasonable identification on the Seller’s products whether a product may be subject to the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, International Traffic in Arms Regulations or similar governmental regulations or may be subject to restrictions related to the exportation of such Seller products to any foreign countries. In advance of shipment of such regulated products to Fastenal, Seller will promptly provide to Fastenal any Export Control Classification Numbers or other data or information that may be required or needed to be submitted to a governmental agency with regard to the exportation of the Sellers products to a foreign country. If you have any questions on exports controls, information can be found at www.bis.doc.gov/licensing/exportingbasics.htm.
Conflict Minerals: On August 22, 2012, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) adopted the Conflict Minerals Final Rule to implement Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Act. The Act imposes SEC reporting requirements upon publicly-traded companies whose products contain metals derived from minerals define as ‘conflict minerals’ or derivative materials of these metals. The metals are: tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold. Upon request, Seller must notify Fastenal if product contains, in any amount, the minerals covered in this Act and their conflict status (conflict-free, conflict, or undetermined). If you have any questions on Conflict Minerals, information can be found at http://www.sec.gov/News/Article/Detail/Article/1365171562058.
CA Prop65:Proposition 65, the Safe and Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986, was enacted as a ballot initiative in November 1986. The Proposition was intended to protect California (USA) citizens and the State’s drinking water sources from chemicals known to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive hard, and to inform citizens about exposures to such chemicals. In order to notify customers of possible exposure at the point of sale and on Fastenal.com, Seller must notify Fastenal if product contains chemicals covered by this Act. Find the most current list and more information about CA Prop65 at: http://www.oehha.ca.gov/prop65.html.
Supplier Portal: The Supplier Portal, available on Fastenal.com under My Account, was created to allow suppliers access to maintain important company information such as contacts (sales, operations, quality, compliance, accounting, and more), payables information, product information upload options, and will-call delivery entries. Soon, this portal will act as a landing page for suppliers to access key documents such as scorecards, supplier agreements, EDI documents, key Fastenal contact information, and more.Get registered today at Fastenal.com – My Account – Register. Current supplier registrants will require 2 recent POs or Invoice numbers in order to complete the registration. Contact suppliercompliance@fastenal.com.
Terms for International Business
Applies to all orders outside of the United States.
Customers that place Orders and purchase Products or Services from an international (outside the United States) Fastenal store location will be purchasing such Products or Services from one of Fastenal’s foreign subsidiaries. Because these foreign subsidiaries may be subject to unique laws or regulations in the country they operate, certain terms and conditions may be applicable to the transaction that is completed for you by these Fastenal foreign subsidiaries. Provided you purchase Products or Services from any of these foreign subsidiaries, the following terms and conditions (unless otherwise agreed to in writing) will apply to your transaction:
Fastenal International (customer outside North America)
Terms of PurchaseEnglish / Spanish
Fastenal Canada, Ltd. (Canada customer)
Terms of PurchaseEnglish / French
Fastenal Mexico, S. de R. L. de C. V. (Mexico customer)
Terms of PurchaseEnglish / Spanish
Last updated: August 1, 2019
Expand All
Collapse All
Customer Service
Branch Locator
Catalogs
Contact Us
Feedback
Help & Support
International Requests
Request Information
Blue Lane Freight
Company Information
About Us
Careers
Investor Relations
Legal Information
Privacy Statement
Social Responsibility
Vehicles for Sale
Marketing Information
Fastenal Branding
Marketing Partners
Fastenal Brands
Innovators
Press Room
Associated Websites
Av-Tech Industries
Fastenal Canada
Cardinal Fastener
Holo-Krome
Spensall
Mansco
Fastenal Gear
BK5K
Fastenal Racing
Fastenal Mexico
Stay Connected
Email Exclusives
Sign up to receive special offers and promotions from Fastenal.
WE ARE WHERE YOU ARE.
English
|
Français
Need Assistance?
Call 877-507-7555
Copyright © 2020 Fastenal Company. All Rights Reserved.