http://www.hargreavesfoundry.co.uk/help/privacy/
HomeCast Iron DrainageFoundryAbout UsNewsContactFoundry Blog
Help
Site Map
Privacy
please click here
Home »
Help » Privacy
Privacy
All contents copyright © 2020 Hargreaves Foundry. All rights reserved.
Hargreaves Foundry. ("Hargreaves Foundry," "We" or "Us") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of visitors to the Hargreaves Foundry web site (the "Site"). While visiting the Site, We may ask You ("You" or "Your") to provide information that personally identifies You ("Personal Information") for purposes of interacting with the Site.
We will take measures to ensure that the Personal Information You submit to Us remains private, and is used only for the purposes as set forth herein. To further the protection of Your Personal Information, We have adopted a set of guidelines (outlined below) to describe the Personal Information We collect about You, why We collect it, how We use it and when We share it with third parties.
This Privacy Policy has been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving, and that underlying business models are still not established. Accordingly, this Privacy Policy is subject to change without prior notice. Any such changes will be posted on this page. Please see the Effective Date stated at the conclusion of this Policy.
What kind of information does Hargreaves Foundry collect from visitors?
We only collect Personal Information that You submit to Us, including but not limited to personal data (i.e., Your name, mailing address, email address, title, organization, and information supplied by You voluntarily to Hargreaves Foundry relating to computer software or hardware installed in Your site that is applicable to Hargreaves Foundry's products), for example when You download information or documents, request further information from Us or participate in a promotion or survey, etc. We may also collect aggregate information regarding users of the Site. Hargreaves Foundry may make Personal Information available to third parties, including business partners, for marketing purposes. Hargreaves Foundry also uses such information to contact people for marketing purposes.
What are cookies?
There is a technology called "cookies" which can be used to provide You with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to Your browser, which may then be stored on Your computer system. This element of data is a piece of text, not a program. The Site can only access the information from a cookie sent by the Site. We cannot access other cookies sent by other web sites or the information contained therein. Additionally, We cannot learn Your email address or any other information about You through the use of a cookie. The only way We would learn such information is if You specifically submit that information to Us.
Why does the Site use cookies?
Hargreaves Foundry uses cookies to track usage of the Site and further customize Your experience when You are visiting the Site. By tracking usage, We can best determine what features of the Site best serve You.
May I decline to accept a cookie?
You may decline to accept cookies sent by the Site by selecting an option on Your browser to reject cookies. Other sites linked to the Site may also send cookies; however We do not control such activities. If You decline a cookie, You may not be viewing the Site in a way in which it was designed to optimally be presented.
What benefits do I receive from cookies?
Overall, the use of cookies helps to give You a customized experience at the Site. Through the use of cookies, We will know what's working and what's not. That information is then used to keep our Site fresh and relevant to You the user. Cookies also allow the personalization of any online services We may provide to You.
IP Addresses
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to Your computer whenever You access the Internet. All computer identification on the Internet is conducted with IP addresses, which allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other. Hargreaves Foundry does log IP addresses, or the location of Your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. However, We do not use IP address logs to track Your session or Your behavior on the Site.
Use of Personal Information
We do not provide specific Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties. However, We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with our business partners and other affiliated third parties (i.e., the number of users who have visited the Site on a specific day, etc.). Hargreaves Foundry may match aggregated user information with third party data. Also, We may disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to potential advertisers, partners and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.
It should be noted, however, that this Privacy Policy only addresses the use and dissemination of information that We collect from You. To the extent that You disclose any information to other parties, through other web sites on the Internet linked to the Site, different policies may apply. Since Hargreaves Foundry does not control the privacy policies of third parties, You are subject to the privacy customs and policies, if any, of that third party, and Hargreaves Foundry shall not be responsible for the use or dissemination of Your Personal Information by that third party. Therefore, We encourage You to ask questions before You disclose Your Personal Information to others.
Third Party Hosting
Hargreaves Foundry contracts with one or more third parties to maintain and host the Site. Therefore, any information You submit, including Personal Information, shall be placed and stored on a computer server maintained by this third party. Your use of the Site and any provision of Personal Information You submit to the Site constitutes Your acknowledgement that such information or content could pass through and may be stored in servers outside the control of Hargreaves Foundry. You agree that Hargreaves Foundry has no liability or responsibility for any such pass through or storage of same.
Opting-Out
When Hargreaves Foundry first collects information about You, We will offer You the opportunity to "opt-out" of having Your Personal Information shared with parties outside of Hargreaves Foundry, unless otherwise required by law, court order, or other government or law enforcement authority. Should You not want Hargreaves Foundry to send You e-mail or postal mail about our products and services, You also can choose to have Your name removed from our database. You can do so by sending an e-mail to Our webmaster.
Effective Date and Changes
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1, 2002. Hargreaves Foundry reserves the right to modify the terms of this policy at any time and in our sole discretion, by posting a change notice to this page. Your continued use of the Site following our posting of a change notice will constitute binding acceptance of those changes.
©2020 - Hargreaves - Engineering Castings - Cast Iron Drainage - Architectural Iron Castings
Privacy | Terms | Contact | Downloads
Site by Refractiv
In order to provide you with the best experience this website is set to "allow cookies". Cookies are small bits of information that we place on your computer. The cookies used help us to gather information about the pages you visit on this website allowing us to make your browsing experience better. To find out more about our use of cookies and your privacy please read our Privacy Policy.
If you continue to browse this site, you consent to the use of cookies.