https://www.rewonline.com/terms-and-conditions.html
Call us Toll Free
(800) 821-9153
Click or Swipe to Continue Shopping
Go to REW page (Continue Shopping)
MENU
Home
RESTAURANT EQUIPMENT
SINKS & PLUMBING
SMALLWARES
TABLETOP
SIGNAGE & FURNITURE
STORAGE & TRANSPORT
JANITORIAL
Shop by Brand
Shop Used Equipment
Contact Us
About REW
FAQ
REW Blog
Newsroom
Terms Conditions
Chat
Español
0
Call us Toll Free
(800) 821-9153
Español
0
Restaurant Equipment World™
RESTAURANT EQUIPMENT
|
SINKS & PLUMBING
|
SMALLWARES
|
TABLETOP
|
SIGNAGE & FURNITURE
|
STORAGE & TRANSPORT
|
JANITORIAL
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Introduction
We've made our Terms And Conditions as straight-forward and user-friendly as possible. They protect us as a company, but more importantly, protect your rights as a customer.
All purchases from Restaurant Equipment World™, a Pierce Sales Company, Inc. company, are subject to the "Terms and Conditions of Sale."
All sections contained within the "Terms and Conditions of Sale", including the "
Introduction
," "
Return Policy
," "
Warranty
," "Cancellation
," "
Storage of Customer's Property," "
Freight and Delivery," "
Terms," "
Default," "
Installation/Erection," "
Title," "
Claims," "
Interpretation of Contract," "
Court of Venue," "
Additional Internet Terms," "
Remainder in Full Effect," and "
Changes to This Agreement" web pages, applies to all purchases from Restaurant Equipment World™, a Pierce Sales Company, Inc. company.
Restaurant Equipment World™, a Pierce Sales Co., Inc. company, is referred to as PSCI throughout the "Terms and Conditions of Sale". Buyer hereby agree to prices, terms and conditions presented in this document.
Additional information for users of our sites are found under "Additional Notices," inlcuding the "
Copyright Notice" and "
Privacy Policy" pages. These apply to all users of our sites, unless otherwise stated.
If you have any questions regarding our terms and conditions, please don't hesitate to contact us.
Return Policy
While we do our best to provide you with the best product for your situation from the outset, there may be situations in which you may need to return a product. This can include a product with manufacturing defects, shipping damage, or you may just decide you want a different model. We've carefully crafted our shipping policy to create a fair environment for returns.
RMA Time
Within 30 days of receiving your order, if you are unsatisfied with the product(s) you received, please contact one our friendly customer service representatives who will gladly issue you an RMA number for your unused product that is in resalable condition (in the original undamaged packaging). This RMA number is valid for 30 days from the date issued. Any returns received without a valid RMA number may not be accepted.
Fees
Due to expenses incurred by our company with the return process and fees charged to us by outside vendors such as our credit card processor, we charge a 15% minimum restocking fee on all unused items returned. Some manufacturers charge additional restocking fees for special order items or items shipped directly from their warehouses. We will attempt to negotiate with the manufacturer on your behalf to reduce or eliminate these charges (if any occur).
Eligibility
Equipment and supplies which have been used, custom fabricated or modified are not returnable due to product liability issues.
DOA Equipment
Equipment which is DOA (Dead on Arrival) is not subject to a restocking fee.
We will assist you to ensure that your equipment works properly or is replaced with an identical item as soon as possible without you incurring unnecessary expenses.
Freight Charges
Freight charges to or from you are not refundable unless the shipment was made in error by Restaurant Equipment World or the by manufacturer of the equipment or supplies.
Credit of Funds
Upon receipt and inspection of the returned product(s), we will issue you a refund minus any restocking fees.
Funds for equipment which is returned directly to the manufacturer will be credited to you upon our organization receiving credit from the manufacturer.
Credit card purchases will be refunded to the same credit card used for the original purchase. Items paid for by check, money order or cashier's checks will be refunded via a company issued check. Equipment which has been modified, damaged or used by the buyer will not be refunded and the product will be returned to the buyer.
Additional Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about this return policy please contact us and a friendly and knowledgeable customer service representative will be happy to discuss these issues with you.
Warranty
Restaurant Equipment World™, a Pierce Sales Company, Inc., seller, agrees to deliver commercially acceptable equipment and products in accordance with manufacturer supplied specification sheets which customer agrees have been furnished by Seller. Seller does not make any express or implied warranties about products unless specifically stated on Sales agreement form.
Manufacturer's Warranty
Manufacturer's warranty only applies if specifically listed on sales agreement form. Manufacturer's refrigeration four 4 year extended motor compressor warranty, manufacturer's one year labor warranty, are applicable only when specifically furnished as part of the manufacturer's warranty or as itemized on the face of this order. Restaurant Equipment World, Inc., a Pierce Sales Company. Inc. company, is not responsible for any consequential damage or spoilage due to the installation, operation, or time or manner of service of any equipment, or date or time of delivery.
Used Equipment Warranty
Used equipment, if any, is sold for parts only unless a 30 day warranty of major components is specifically stated, and if so such warranty is subject to prior authorization of repair by Restaurant Equipment World, Inc., a Pierce Sales Co., Inc. Company, or of providing refund of purchase price at option of PSCI. Minor repairs on used equipment, adjustment, cleaning, repainting, and normal service are not included.
Cancellation
Order can be canceled only on terms that will compensate Seller against loss to include loss of management time. The restocking charge is a minimum of 20% and all merchandise returned must be freight prepaid and only with our written authorization. All merchandise will be subject to factory return freight and repair charges, if required. Special order and custom fabrication items cannot be returned.
Deposits, at option of PSCI can be applied on a pro rata basis to each individual line item. If customer provides deposit on new or used equipment and does not meet timely agreed on payment schedule, order can be canceled at option of PSCI. On used equipment if customer does not make full payment within 14 days of agreeing to purchase equipment, then PSCI and buyer agrees not to hold PSCI responsible for any damages. It is agreed that no verbal commitment to hold used equipment is binding.
Storage of Customer's Property
When buyer is unable to accept delivery as agreed, diversion warehouse and re-delivery charge will be added to invoice.
Freight and Delivery
Unless otherwise specified, the price quoted is F.O.B. the manufacturer's plant and is based on continuous and uninterrupted delivery of completed order, unless distinctly stated otherwise. Inside delivery, if requested, is extra.
Delays in Delivery
Seller agrees to maintain and achieve delivery schedules mutually agreed upon, and reconfirmed at time of placing order, and all deliveries are contingent on wars, strikes, fires, floods, accidents and other contingencies beyond the control of Restaurant Equipment World, Inc., a Pierce Sales Co., Inc. company. Buyer is responsible for costs associated with delays caused by, but not limited to, problems with access to building or work area, other trades not finished, building not secure for equipment storage, or space not clear of debris, etc.
Terms
Cash or certified check on delivery unless stated otherwise in writing. All claimed must be made in five days of receipt of goods. Interest at 1 1/2% per month will be charged on all past due accounts. Buyer agrees that all funds are due at Restaurant Equipment World, Inc., a Pierce Sales Co., Inc. company, offices in Orlando, Florida.
Default
Upon default on the terms of this agreement, the existing outstanding balance plus late payment will immediately become due and payable without notice or demand and Restaurant Equipment World, Inc., a Pierce Sales Co., Inc. company, shall have the right to enter the premises wherever the merchandise is located and take possession thereof and remove the same. All payments may be retained as liquidated damages and the equipment may be sold with or without notice at public or private sale, and the proceeds less expenses shall be credited against the amount unpaid and the buyer agrees to pay any difference after the sale without further demand and all legal expenses and attorney fees incurred for the collection of any unpaid balance.
No invoice alteration or modification by purchase order or otherwise of any provision of this agreement shall be binding unless in writing and signed by an officer of Restaurant Equipment World, Inc., a Pierce Sales Co., Inc. company. No breach or modification of any term of this proposal, once accepted as a firm agreement, shall be considered a precedent or warrant for subsequent breach.
Buyer agrees that if for any reason it is necessary to hire an attorney, to enter in litigation, or incur any legal expense to enforce any provision of this agreement, buyer agrees to pay all reasonable costs.
Installation
The price from Seller does not include inside delivery, uncrating, repairs which may be needed due to improper uncrating or any building alteration, plumbing, wiring, ventilation, gas piping, roughing in, final connections or installation of any kind or adjustments unless specifically stated. Also Seller shall not be responsible for any errors in measurements caused by or furnished by customer. Buyer is responsible for canopy gauge and size and is responsible for making sure canopy meets local codes and that make-up air is specified, if needed.
Title
Restaurant Equipment World, Inc., a Pierce Sales Co., Inc. company, as seller will retain title to the property herein described until paid in full. The Buyer agrees not to remove equipment or any part thereof without written consent of the Seller. Buyer at his own expense shall carry insurance to protect the interest of the seller. Buyer agrees to do all acts necessary to perfect and maintain retention of title in Seller.
Claims
Buyer accepts responsibility for filling any and all claims with carrier for loss, damage, etc. Loss or damage should be noted on the freight bill and/or receipt. Concealed damage must be registered with carrier within 15 days of shipment. All claims must be filed immediately. All crating and packaging material must be saved for carrier inspection.
Interpretation of Contract
This contract shall be interpreted under the laws of the Sate of Florida and is subject to approval by an authorized officer of Restaurant Equipment World, Inc., a Pierce Sales Co., Inc. company. It is understood that no agreement, oral or written, either express or implied, and no representation, either contemporaneously with, or prior to the execution of this instrument, have been made shall limit or qualify the terms of this agreement.
Court of Venue
Buyer agrees that the Court of Venue is to be an appropriate court in Orange County, Florida. Buyer consents to jurisdiction being in Orange County, Florida and agrees not to contest this consent of jurisdiction and agrees to pay all costs associated with a change in jurisdiction if jurisdiction is contested by buyer.
Additional Internet Terms
While we try extremely hard to insure that all prices are correct and up to date, with over 300,000 items in our online catalog mistakes can happen.
Therefore, Restaurant Equipment World™ and Pierce Sales Co., Inc. are not responsible for typographical or pricing errors.
We reserve the right to update pricing, add items, or discontinue carrying items at any time at our sole discretion.
All prices listed are contingent on this order being placed via our online internet store.
Showroom prices may be slightly higher.
Shipping for all items is billed separately.
Prices quoted for an order are contingent on customer picking up the items ordered from our showroom in Orlando, Florida.
Minimum order quantities apply on some items.
Shipping and delivery charges will be discussed between you and a member of our sales staff.
Due to our large sales volume some items may not be in stock in our showroom.
Orders placed via our web site are not accepted by Restaurant Equipment World™ or Pierce Sales Co., Inc. until the customer's credit card has been billed for the amount agreed upon by both parties for the merchandise ordered online.
If you are buying from us outside of the United States we can do a freight forward for you however, the payment must be done by a wire transfer. We can not accept Non-U.S. credit cards
Remainder in Full Effect
If for any reason a court of law determines any part of this agreement to be invalid, the remainder of the agreement shall remain in full effect without delusion.
Changes to this Agreement
Changes are to this agreement are not valid if made verbally even if they are expressed or implied.
The only changes to this agreement which are valid are those made in writing by an authorized officer of Pierce Sales Company, Inc.
Copyright Notice Plain-Language Notice
Before explaining our formal, "legal" copyright notice we wanted to explain our position in plain-language for ease of understanding.
Basically, we ask that you do not take any part of our site and use it for your own purposes.
This does not however mean that customers can not search our catalog and take pricing or pictures when making a buying decision.
It means that if you decide to take any part of our site including but not limited to our meta-tags, phrases, or images and put them on your own site or other media in an effort to gain from the use of those items, it will not be tolerated.
We regularly conduct internet searches and examine other sites for stolen content from our site.
And yes, we have come across violations before and we have pursued the individuals and companies responsible.
We simply ask that if you want to take something from any of our sites that you please contact us first and ask for specific written permission to do so.
Members of the media / press may however take images, phrases, or other wording for articles and stories specifically related to our company and our online operations.
These items may be printed but we ask that you simply give us the courtesy of a phone call to let us know that you are doing a story.
To sum it up, if you take and use contents of our web site without our permission, we will prosecute by filing BOTH criminal and civil litigation against you and your company.
With that said and done, here's the more formal, legal version of our copyright notice.
Copyright Notice from Restaurant Equipment World, Inc. (Pierce Sales Co., Inc.) Legal Notice and Patent on E-Commerce Business Model
You will face civil legal action against you and / or your company by breaching these copyright terms.
This copyright notice is for all pages contained within our main internet sites, www.REWonline.com and www.rewonline.com.
This copyright notice also covers all other sites owned by Restaurant Equipment World, Inc. or Pierce Sales Co., Inc.
Many of these other sites can be found at www.rewonline.com/subsite-list.html.
Provisions of this copyright notice:
Use of the term "this corporation" in this document refers to Restaurant Equipment World, Inc. and Pierce Sales Co., Inc.
All information contained within these pages including but not limited to graphics, photos,
logos, formats, databases, scripts, procedures, meta-tags, meta-names, forms, concepts,
catalogs, databases, and layouts is copyrighted material and may not be copied, reproduced, edited, or manipulated without the express written permission from this corporation.
The Pierce Sales Co., Inc. / Restaurant Equipment World, Inc. "Florida World" logo contained within these pages and each individual site owned by this corporation is trademarked and may not be copied, reproduced, edited, or manipulated without the express written permission of this corporation.
"REX - The Restaurant Equipment Search Engine" (actual search engine and order processing system software), the name, use of the name, or references to the name REX or "Restaurant Equipment Search Engine" in relation to Restaurant Equipment or in relation to any search engine on the internet or other medium is property of
this corporation.
Restaurant Equipment World, Inc. and Pierce Sales Co., Inc. claim any and all present and future rights on any networks foreign or domestic of any type including but not limited to .COM, .NET, and .ORG.
The use of the word "world" in relation with any type of activity or site relating to the restaurant equipment, restaurant, or foodservice industry is also claimed under this copyright notice.
The "World Network of Restaurant Equipment Sites" or "World Network" in relation to any type of activity relating to the restaurant business as a whole including but not limited to the restaurant equipment or foodservice business is also claimed by this corporation.
Notice is given that patents have been filed for each site owned by this corporation and patent infringements will not be tolerated.
This legal notice additionally declares first rights and use of the concept of the hub and spoke system for restaurant equipment sales on the internet.
This hub and spoke system consists of having one central restaurant equipment site linked to many other product specific sites thereby forming a collaboration of restaurant equipment sites all with one central hub location.
This hub location processes orders and acts as a center stage between each of the other sites.
This concept is claimed by this corporation and will be upheld with a federal trademark patent.
If any part of this agreement is found to be invalid in court, the rest of this agreement shall remain intact.
ANY INFRINGEMENTS TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR CONCEPTS OWNED BY RESTAURANT EQUIPMENT WORLD, INC. OR PIERCE SALES CO., INC. INCLUDING BY NOT LIMITED TO THOSE ITEMS LISTED IN THIS LEGAL NOTICE DOCUMENT WILL NOT BE TOLERATED AND LEGAL ACTION WILL BE TAKEN TO ENSURE THAT OUR PROPERTY, IDEAS, AND CONCEPTS ARE PROTECTED.
Other logos or service marks of organizations besides our own which are shown on pages of our web sites including but not limited to FedEx, UPS and the Food Equipment Distributors Association (FEDA) are all property of their respected companies.
We claim absolutely no right to their property or intellectual material.
Please contact those companies for their individual copyright notices.
Privacy Policy Introduction
We value your privacy and have posted this policy for your review.
In summary, we will NOT sell, rent, lease or otherwise distribute your personal information to 3rd parties unless required for credit card verification or by court order requiring us to comply.
Restaurant Equipment World, Inc. (Pierce Sales Co., Inc.) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for all websites within their World Network of Restaurant Equipment Sites.
The main website addresses are: www.REWonline.com and www.rewonline.com.
Other "world network" web sites can be found at www.rewonline.com/subsite-list.html.
This privacy policy applies to all web sites within our network of restaurant equipment sites.
IP Address
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information but is NOT used to target you specifically in any way.
It is a way to measure what parts of the world our customers are coming to us from.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
These cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information.
Information Usage
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. All of this information is kept STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL and is NEVER shared with any outside parties other than for the purpose of verifying information with your credit card issuer to ensure that you are the authorized cardholder making the purchase.
Information may also be released if we are required to do so under law by court order (subpoena).
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
These measures include the 256-bit encryption by Verisign™.
Additionally, all orders are sent with encrypted credit card numbers.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
To opt-out of further communications from us, you can visit the following URL: www.rewonline.com/nomailing.html.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Email: sales@rewonline.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at any time at
sales@rewonline.com
Credit Card Fraud Notice
In an effort to protect each of our loyal customers, Restaurant Equipment World™ verifies all billing and shipping address with the credit card issuers records prior to the shipment of merchandise.
We maintain an in-house investigation and security division which works closely with credit card issuers, the local Sheriff's office, the Federal Bureau of Investigations and the United States Secret Service.
We will track down and prosecute any person who fraudulently obtains goods or services from our company via credit card or other method.
More About Us ...
About REW
Why Buy From Us?
What We do
Our History
Our Website
Government & Military
GSA Contract Schedule
AFNAF NPA
Newsroom
Media Kit
Industrial Equipment
Employment
New Vendor
Financing
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
Contact Us
Office: (407) 679-9004
Toll-free: (800) 821-9153
International Offices
Located in Dubai, UAE (United Arab Emirates)
Versión en Español
Download the Restaurant Equipment World App Today!
©2020 Pierce Sales Co., Inc. - Restaurant Equipment World™ - All Rights Reserved