https://www.ooaccess.com/privacy-policy/
PrivacyAt Open Options, your privacy is important to us.Please see our statement below on how your information is collected and used on our site.Privacy PolicyOpen Options is committed to protecting your private information.  This Statement of Privacy applies to ooaccess.com (the Site) and Open Options, L.P. (the Company) and governs data collection and usage.  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Open Options include ooaccess.com and Open Options, L.P.The Open Options Site (ooaccess.com) is a corporate business website and provides information to the public about our company, products, and services.  In providing that information we may require the collection of some of your personal data.  By using the Open Options Site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationIn order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Open Options may collect personally identifiable information.  Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to the following:– First and Last Name – Mailing Address – E-mail Address – Phone Number – Employer – Job TitleOpen Options may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your:– Age – Gender – Language – Geographical Location – IP AddressOpen Options does not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Partner Portal; (b) sending us an email message through contact forms; (c) requesting a demo or (d) submitting comments via support forum. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.Use of your InformationOpen Options collects and uses your personal information to operate its website and deliver the services you have requested.  Open Options may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Open Options and its affiliates.Security of your Personal InformationOpen Options secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Open Options uses an SSL Protocol for this purpose. When personal information is transmitted, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.Sharing Information with Third PartiesOpen Options does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.Open Options may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, or provide customer support. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Open Options, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.Open Options may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Open Options or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Open Options; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Open Options, or the public.CookiesThe Open Options Site may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you register with Open Options' Partner Portal site, a cookie helps Open Options to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information and Partner Portal settings.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Open Options services or websites you visit.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.  When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.Comments When visitors leave comments on the Site (as in Support Forum) we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaAll uploaded files are usually publicly accessible.  If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact formsOpen Options maintains several contact forms on the Site and contact form submissions are kept for a certain period for customer service purposes.  No information submitted through contact forms are shared or used for marketing purposes.Embedded content from other websitesThe Open Options Site my contain links or embedded content from other websites.  These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites and encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.Analytics and Tracking User BehaviorOpen Options may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit  in order to determine what Open Options products and services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Open Options to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Open Options Site utilizes Google Analytics to track some user behavior such as information about your computer hardware and software. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Open Options website.E-Mail CommunicationsFrom time to time, Open Options may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, alerts, confirmations, notifications, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Open Options or click on a link therein. If you would like to stop receiving marketing or informational communications via email from Open Options, you may opt out of such communications by submitting a request.When you use this site several actions (e.g. commenting, registering for login, password change request, etc.) trigger the dispatch of emails. They contain information about you associated with your email address and/or account. Which data are part of these emails depends on the action performed. These emails are stored and accessible to the site management as log to assist in troubleshooting communication problems.External Data Storage SitesWe may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.Changes to this Privacy PolicyOpen Options reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.Contact UsOpen Options 16650 Westgrove Drive, Suite 150 Addison, TX 75001 Telephone (972) 818-7001For inquiries, comments or to submit an unsubscribe request please complete our contact form.Effective as of May 25, 2018The rules and guidelines governing use of our website and/or Partner Portal.View Terms of UseGet in touch16650 Westgrove, Suite 150 Addison, TX 75001 Phone: 877.818.7001 Fax: 972.818.7003Contact us! Find UsNewsletter Latest NewsA Tale of Two Integration Setups: Fixing an Idemia Integration IssueOctober 30, 2020 - 3:44 pmQuick Turnaround with Open Options Professional ServicesOctober 30, 2020 - 8:10 amNew Training Certification Program Helps Canadian Dealers “Cross the Border” VirtuallyOctober 29, 2020 - 2:51 pmDownload Connect Care App Scroll to top