http://www.masterflo.com/en/website-privacy-statement
Master Flo
En
Website Privacy Statement
Website Privacy Statement
We,
Master
Flo Valve Inc. (“Master Flo”), are
a manufacturer of world-class equipment and solutions for the oil and
gas industry, headquartered in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and
operating facilities and sales offices in Canada and around the
world. This website is directed at our business customers to provide
Master Flo products and services worldwide. This site only collects
data from business representatives of Master Flo customers.What
information we collect through the websiteWe
collect IP addresses and device identifications through the use of
cookies. We collect this data to record visits and improve our
website, as well as to recognize the computer when revisiting our
website. You may opt-out of cookies through the privacy settings on
your browser.Where
we keep and how we protect your informationWe
may store your personal information on servers managed by Ultimate
Software in the United States, in Microsoft Office 365 datacenters
located in the United States, in Amazon Web Services datacenters
located in the United States and/or on computers managed by the
Stream-Flo Group of Companies in Canada, the United States and/or in
the United Kingdom. Datacenters managed by Ultimate Software,
Microsoft and Amazon are certified under ISO standards and the EU-US
Privacy Shield privacy protection.
All
Master Flo datacenter
suppliers,
including Ultimate Software, Microsoft and Amazon contribute to data
security and have been chosen by us after the exercise of due
diligence for reliability in data protection.
How
we share information
We
only share personal information with third party contractors engaged
to assist us in improving our website and providing our services and
only for that purpose. We ensure that they all comply with applicable
Privacy or Data Protection Legislation.
Your
privacy rights
You
have the right to access the personal information you have provided
to us through the website by contacting us at privacy@masterflo.com.
If you find your information is inaccurate, we will correct or delete
it, as needed. You can withdraw your consent to us holding the
information you provided at any time.
To
read Master Flo’s Privacy Policy click
here.
Contact
us
For
any privacy and personal information queries and concerns, please
contact us at privacy@masterflo.com.
Products
Solutions
Services
Home
Resources
Company
Careers
R & D
Events
News
Credit Application
Contractor Orientation
Contact Us