http://www.chinesetranslationhelp.com/privacy-policy/
Quality Chinese Translation ServicesFollow Us
Home
Services
Chinese Legal Translation
About Us
Chinese Translation Brochure
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Resources
Other Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Request a Price Quote
Chinese Translation Mailing List Signup
Blog
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Customer Privacy Policy
Your confidentiality and privacy is taken very seriously at Quality Chinese Translation Services. We keep all information and documents confidential and take many steps to insure the security of the information.
Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed. Quality Chinese Translatin Services will not at any time, either directly or indirectly, use for its personal benefit, disclose, or communicate in any manner any information that is pertaining to its Clients. All your information will be kept strictly confidential.
Quality Chinese Translation Services offers secure and encrypted document downloads through http://www.yousendit.com for those clients who have files larger than 10 Megabytes or that do not want their documents passing through email services which are not encrypted. Most email programs like yahoo also limit file size lengths to 10 Megabytes or spam filters sometimes filter out file attachments altogether. Using a secure encrypted download center avoids unnecessary delays and problems like these. We are always striving to keep our technology current and to meet our clients needs.
Get A Free Quote
Your Name*Your Phone*Your Email*
Your Message
Recent Posts
Quality Chinese Translation Services New Mobile Web Design
Quality Chinese Translation Services Attends South Bay NCTA Meeting
It Pays to Translate English into Chinese
Bad Chinese Legal Translations Are Costing Companies Money
Member Participant of CALOBA
Free Quote 100% Confidential
Highest A+ BBB Rating Quality Chinese
Translation Services
is proud to announce that we maintain the highest A+ rating from the BBB as an accredited business.
We have never had an unhappy customer.
Read More
NCTA Corporate Member We are proud to announce that Quality Chinese
Translation Services
is a corporate member of the Northern California Translators Association (NCTA).
Read More
CALOBA Member We are also proud to announce that Quality Chinese
Translation Services is a member of the Chinese American Lawyers of Bay Area (CALOBA).
Read More
Return to top of page
Quality Chinese
Translation Services -
10398 Lockwood Dr. A, Cupertino, CA 95014;
Ph: 408-414-7001; License: 34450
Copyright © 2020 Quality Chinese
Translation Services