http://www.gelest.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Effective August 23, 2018
Your privacy is important to Gelest, Inc. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Gelest, Inc. collects, and the ways in which Gelest, Inc. uses that personal information, including in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) (EU) 2016/679.
Personal information collection
Gelest, Inc. may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website, which may include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website address;
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website, which may include your name, address, telephone number, and email address, as well as anonymous demographic information which may include your zip code, age, gender, and preferences;
information about transactions carried out over this website;
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services.
Using personal information
Gelest, Inc. may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
personalize the website for you;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
send to you products that you purchase;
supply to you services that you purchase;
send to you statements and invoices;
collect payments from you;
send you marketing communications.
Gelest, Inc. may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights. Gelest, Inc. does not sell its customers lists to third parties.
Use of Cookies
Gelest, Inc. utilizes online marketing services on its website provided by Sharpspring Technologies, Inc. (“SharpSpring”); analytics tools provided by Google Analytics (“Google”), and Alexa Analytics (“Alexa”); advertising provided by Google AdWords (“Google”); performance analysis provided by New Relic and Hotjar; and multi-lingual support provided by WordPress.org (“WordPress”). SharpSpring’s, Alexa’s, Google’s, New Relic’s, Hotjar’s, and WordPress’s softwares and services use “cookies,” or text files placed on your hard drive by a website server which will record certain information with respect to the webpages you visit.  Cookies are used to identify users, remember preferences and to help you complete certain tasks without having to re-enter information.  You have the ability to accept or decline cookies, and to opt-out at any time.
SharpSpring’s Cookie Policy may be found here:  https://sharpspring.com/legal/sharpspring-cookie-policy/
Information on WordPress’s Cookie Policy can be found here: https://wordpress.org/about/privacy/cookies/
Information on Google’s cookie usage can be found here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies
Information on the types of cookies Google uses can be found here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/types
Google’s Privacy Policy can be found here: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Alexa’s Privacy Policy can be found here: https://www.alexa.com/help/privacy
New Relic’s Privacy Policy can be found here: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy and Cookie Policy can be found here: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/cookie-policy
Hotjar’s Privacy Policy can be found here: https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy and Cookie Information can be found here: https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/cookie-information
You can use a browser add on provided by Google to opt out of analytics tracking: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Securing your data
Gelest, Inc. will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Gelest, Inc. will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers and information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that Gelest, Inc. collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Gelest, Inc. operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
Gelest, Inc. may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other Gelest, Inc. affiliated websites. Gelest, Inc. is responsible for the privacy policies or practices of these affiliate websites.
Contact Gelest, Inc.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, Gelest, Inc.’s treatment of your personal information, or wish to withdraw your consent to Gelest, Inc.’s use of your personal information please write:
by email to info@gelest.com; or
by post to 11 East Steel Road, Morrisville, PA 19067.
Notification of Changes
If Gelest, Inc. decides to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement so our users are aware of the information we collect, how it is used, and under the circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy statement under which the information was collected.
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.
Search by Structure
Can’t find what you’re looking for?We can help.
Gelest has over 25 years of experience in custom synthesis.
Get a Quote
Need Help? Contact Us.
Our Capabilities
Recognized world-wide leader and innovator in materials science and technology.
Learn More
The Gelest Technical Library
A selected list of Gelest Reports, Publications, Patents and Brochures.
Learn More
Calculators & Tools
Resources to help you to select the product that best fits your project.
Learn More
(888) 734-8344
We’re here to answer any questions you have.
Knowledgeable staff are standing by.
Contact us today
Stay Connected
Subscribe to our news feed for new products, industry news and trends.
Footer Signup
Email*
Custom Synthesis
Have a unique need?
We can help. We've been creating custom solutions since 1991.
Tell us about your need
© Copyright 1991 - 2020 Gelest, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Site Disclaimer Terms & Conditions
Request a Shipping Address
× close