http://www.sportspeople.com.au/terms
Home
Terms and Conditions
Edit Page 2738
Terms and Conditions
Advertising at the Sportspeople Jobs Market
Advertisers on the Sportspeople Jobs Market agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions. Once you agree to the terms and Conditions, they are binding on you.
Prices set by Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd (ABN 36 614 886 350) trading as Sportspeople may vary without notice,
All amounts owing to Sportspeople must be paid within 14 days of receipt of invoice.
Advertisers must pay invoice amount in full, notwithstanding any errors or omissions.
Where a fee is payable Goods and Services Tax (GST) is applicable to all advertisers in Australia. Sportspeople has received a GST Private Ruling from the Australian Taxation Office (Authorisation Number 71991) and does not charge GST to a non-resident (Australia) entity.
Where Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd has not been paid in accordance with its invoice terms, Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd reserves the right to refer the unpaid invoice(s) to a Collection Agency. Additional charges, including liquidated damages, will apply where Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd refers any unpaid invoice(s) to a Collection Agency.
The advertiser indemnifies Sportspeople against all claims, actions, suits, liabilities, costs and expenses incurred as a result of the listing or intended listing by the advertiser.
Sportspeople accepts no responsibility or liability for any errors and requests the advertiser check their advertisement for errors as soon as they have been listed on the Sportspeople Jobs Market.
Sportspeople is not liable for any loss or damage incurred by an advertiser as a result of any failure or delay in listing an advertisement.
Advertisers must adhere to the principles of truth in advertising Codes of Practice.
Advertisers agree to Sportspeople's use of their corporate logo and images for the promotion of their advertisement.
Sportspeople reserve the right to either reject or remove any advertisement from its site for any reason whatsoever.
Advertisers must ensure that all advertisements posted to the Sportspeople Jobs Market comply with all applicable legislation, regulations, by-laws, ordinances or codes of conduct, including but not limited to the Trade Practices Act 1974 (Commonwealth), the Fair Trading Acts in all applicable States and Territories, and the Human Rights and Equal opportunity Commission Act 1986.
Advertisers agree to indemnify Sportspeople, its officers, employees and agents against all claims, actions, suits, liabilities, costs and expenses incurred on any account by Sportspeople as a result of the listing or proposed listing of any advertisement by an advertiser on the Sportspeople Jobs Market, or any related site.
Sportspeople provides no warranty to Advertisers that services generally available through the Sportspeople Jobs Market will be uninterrupted or error free. Sportspeople agrees to use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that any disruptions to or a denial of access to the Sportspeople Jobs Market will be remedied as quickly as possible.
Advertisers understand and agree that the following actions constitute a new/additional job advertisement under these terms and conditions: reposting an archived or deleted job ad; extending a job ad beyond 30 days (known as "renewing" and this can occur on multiple occasions); and refreshing any job posting.
Advertisers agree that pursuant to Sections 18K(1)(b) and 18N(1)(b) of the Privacy Act 1988, Sportspeople may, for the purposes of assessing an Advertiser's commercial credit application, obtain from either a credit reporting agency or other credit providers, personal credit information about the Advertiser and/or its directors.
Advertisers agree that pursuant to Section 18K(1)(h) of the Privacy Act 1988, Sportspeople may obtain a consumer credit report about the Advertiser from a credit reporting agency for the purposes of collecting overdue payments relating to commercial credit owed by the Advertiser.
Advertisers agree to comply with section 53B of the Trade Practices Act 1974 (Commonwealth) which requires that Advertisers that are companies not mislead persons seeking employment as to the availability, nature, terms or conditions or, any other matter relating to the employment opportunity being offered.
Sportspeople has taken all necessary steps to ensure that all personal information collected from its customers is protected against loss and against unauthorised use, modification, disclosure or other misuse and that only personnel authorised by Sportspeople have had access to personal information.
This agreement is governed by the laws of New South Wales. Advertisers irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of New South Wales, and waive any objection to legal action being brought in those Courts on the grounds of venue or inconvenient forum.
All fees for advertisements in New Zealand will be charged in New Zealand currency. All other advertisements will be charged in Australian Dollars (plus GST).
In the event a duplicate payment is made and a refund requested, Sportspeople will first deduct a $10 administration fee.
AUSTSWIM Recognised Swim Centres
Not an AUSTSWIM Recognised Swim Centre? Click here for more information.
A 20% discount will apply to Jobs Market advertisements for AUSTSWIM Recognised Swim Centres. The job must be an "Aquatic" job located in Australia.
The position will be listed at the Sportspeople Jobs Market and the AUSTSWIM Job Board - Two ads for the price of one!
To receive the discount you must be a current AUSTSWIM Recognised Swim Centre. If you run more than one Swim Centre, ALL Swim Centres must be AUSTSWIM Recognised Swim Centres to receive the discount.
"AUSTSWIM Recognised Swim Centre" must be checked in your customer account file - click here for instructions
The discount will be reflected in the invoice, which is issued after the advertisement is placed.
Advertisements must be placed directly. If an advertising agency is contracted, the discount will not apply.
Benefits to AUSTSWIM Recognised Swim Centres only apply during the term of the agreement between Sportspeople and AUSTSWIM.
Discount not available in conjunction with any other discount, promotion or offer, including ad packs.
Fitness Australia Business Members
Not a Fitness Australia Business Member? Click here for more information.
A 20% discount will apply to Jobs Market advertisements for Fitness Australia Business Members. The job must be a "fitness" job located in Australia.
The position will be listed at the Sportspeople Jobs Market and the Fitness Australia Job Board - Two ads for the price of one!
To receive the discount you must be a current Fitness Australia Business Member. If you run more than one fitness centre, ALL fitness centres must be Business Members to receive the discount.
"Fitness Australia Business Member" must be checked in your customer account file - click here for instructions
The discount will be reflected in the invoice, which is issued after the advertisement is placed.
Advertisements must be placed directly. If an advertising agency is contracted, the discount will not apply.
Benefits to Business Members only apply during the term of the agreement between Sportspeople and Fitness Australia.
Discount not available in conjunction with any other discount, promotion or offer, including ad packs.
Sportspeople Learning
Advertisers at Sportspeople Learning agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions. Once you agree to the terms and Conditions, they are binding on you.
Listing of courses, programs and activities at Sportspeople Learning are Free of Charge. Additional promotion of these listings (i.e. Featured Learning) will incur a fee.
Prices set by Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd (ABN 36 614 886 350) may vary without notice.
All amounts owing to Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd must be paid within 14 days of receipt of invoice.
Advertisers must pay invoice amount in full, notwithstanding any errors or omissions. The advertiser indemnifies Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd against all claims, actions, suits, liabilities, costs and expenses incurred as a result of the listing or intended listing by the advertiser.
Where a fee is payable Goods and Services Tax (GST) is applicable to all advertisers in Australia. Sportspeople has received a GST Private Ruling from the Australian Taxation Office (Authorisation Number 71991) and does not charge GST to a non-resident (Australia) entity.
Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd accepts no responsibility or liability for any errors and requests the advertiser check their advertisement for errors as soon as they have been listed on the Sportspeople Learning.
Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd is not liable for any loss or damage incurred by an advertiser as a result of any failure or delay in listing an advertisement.
The inclusion of any advertisement at Sportspeople Learning does not imply Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd endorses the activity or makes any recommendation on the activity merit.
All advertisers must adhere to the principles of truth in advertising Codes of Practice.
Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd reserve the right to either reject or remove any advertisement from it site for any reason whatsoever.
Advertisers must ensure that all advertisements posted to the Sportspeople Learning comply with all applicable legislation, regulations, by-laws, ordinances or codes of conduct, including but not limited to the Trade Practices Act 1974 (Commonwealth), the Fair Trading Acts in all applicable States and Territories and the Human Rights and Equal opportunity Commission Act 1986.
Advertisers agree to indemnify Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd, its officers, employees and agents against all claims, actions, suits, liabilities, costs and expenses incurred on any account by Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd as a result of the listing or proposed listing of any advertisement by an advertiser on Sportspeople Learning, or any related site.
Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd provides no warranty to Advertisers that services generally available through Sportspeople Learning will be uninterrupted or error free. Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd agrees to use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that any disruptions to or a denial of access to Sportspeople Learning will be remedied as quickly as possible.
Advertisers agree that pursuant to Sections 18K(1)(b) and 18N(1)(b) of the Privacy Act 1988, Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd may, for the purposes of assessing an Advertiser's commercial credit application, obtain from either a credit reporting agency or other credit providers, personal credit information about the Advertiser and/or its directors.
Advertisers agree that pursuant to Section 18K(1)(h) of the Privacy Act 1988, Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd may obtain a consumer credit report about the Advertiser from a credit reporting agency for the purposes of collecting overdue payments relating to commercial credit owed by the Advertiser.
Advertisers agree to comply with section 53B of the Trade Practices Act 1974 (Commonwealth) which requires that Advertisers that are companies not mislead persons seeking employment as to the availability, nature, terms or conditions or, any other matter relating to the employment opportunity being offered.
This agreement is governed by the laws of New South Wales. Advertisers irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of New South Wales (Australia), and waive any objection to legal action being brought in those Courts on the grounds of venue or inconvenient forum.
All fees for Featured Learning advertisements in New Zealand will be charged in New Zealand currency. All other Learning advertisements will be charged in Australian Dollars (plus GST).
Sportspeople Job Seeker Registration
Registered Sportspeople Job Seekers agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions. Once you agree to the Terms and Conditions, they are binding on you.
Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd reserves the right to either reject or remove any subscriber for any reason whatsoever.
As a registered Sportspeople Job Seeker you agree to provide at a minimum your email address and first name to Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd. You authorise Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd to retain this information until such time as you either unsubscribe or are removed by Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd.
Unless we obtain your prior consent Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd will not provide your details to any third party.
Sportspeople will use your email address to provide you with information including but not necessarily limited to position vacancies at the Sportspeople Jobs Market, Sportspeople services and general career advice. The timing, frequency and content of this information shall be at the discretion of Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd.
By subscribing as a Sportspeople Job Seeker you have authorised Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd to use your email to email and communicate to you regarding our services, jobs, Featured Jobs and e-news.
You can elect to unsubscribe from email and communications at any time by logging into your Job Seeker account and nominating you do not wish to receive emails.
Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd has taken all necessary steps to ensure that all personal information collected from its customers is protected against loss and against unauthorised use, modification, disclosure or other misuse and that only personnel authorised by Sportspeople Group Pty Ltd have had access to personal information.