http://www.summitcreditunion.com/privacy-security-accessibility
Skip to main content
summit-bracket2
bracket2
atm-outline
location-pin-outline
location-pin-filled
atm-filled
calendar2
bracket
google-play[2]
app-store
summit-location-pin-lg
code
lock
user
worksheets
phone
print
programs
open
pdf
checkmark-form
close-x
close
download
checkmark-chart
checklists
blog-tools
social-facebook
social-google-plus
social-pinterest
LInkedIn-2C-128px-R
instagram-rainbow
social-twitter
social-youtube
ehl
calendar
calculators
bracket22
checkmark
email
text-area-corner
external-link
success
error
information
warning
calendar-add-event
auto-rates
mortgage-rates
home-equity
new-certificates
ncua
summit-logo-itmoi
arrow-left
arrow-right
checkmark2
summit-logo
summit-logo-white
summit-bracket
silhouette
arrow-down
arrow-up
auto-rates2
blog
calculators2
call
ehl2
home-equity2
itmoi
locate
mortgage-rates2
new-certificates2
programs2
search
summit-location-pin-sm
tools
clock
Toggle navigation
Close
Search form
Search
Routing# 275979034Copied to clipboard
Join
Meet
Locate
Checking and SavingsCheckingChecking Overview
Free Checking
Student Free Checking
Dividend Checking
Ultimate Checking
SavingsSavings Overview
Primary Savings
Secondary Savings
GoSave Account
Holiday Savings
Health Savings Account
Money MarketMoney Market Overview
Ultimate Money Market
Money Market Plus
CertificatesCertificates Overview
Regular Certificate
Rate Riser
Certificate Plus
IRA Certificates
Digital BankingDigital Banking Overview
Mobile Deposit
Digital Wallets
Climbr
Voice Banking
Tools & Resources:Choosing the Best Savings Account
Budgeting Worksheet
Savings Goal Calculator
Schedule An Appointment Find a Branch
Credit CardsCredit CardsCredit Cards Overview
Ultimate Cashperks
Visa Platinum Rewards
Visa Platinum
Student Rewards
Global Good Card
Tools & Resources:Debt Consolidation Calculator
How to Improve Credit Score
Budgeting Worksheet
Balance Transfer Calculator
Make a Payment
Schedule An Appointment Find a Branch
LoansMortgageMortgage Overview
Buying a Home
Refinancing A Home
Construction Loans
Second and Vacation Homes
Investment Property Loans
First-Time Home Buyer Guide
Home EquityHome Equity Overview
Home Equity Loans
Home Equity Line of Credit
AutoAuto Overview
New Vehicles
Used Vehicles
Recreational Vehicles
Discounted Auto Insurance
Mechanical Repair Coverage
PersonalPersonal Overview
Personal Loans
Personal Lines of Credit
StudentStudent Overview
Private Student Loans
Student Lines of Credit
EnergyEnergy Overview
Energy Efficient Loan
Solar Energy Loan
Tools & Resources:Loan Payment Calculator
Mortgage Resource Center
First-Time Homebuyer Videos
Auto Buying Resources
Make a Payment
Schedule An Appointment Find a Branch
InvestmentsInvestment OptionsInvestment Options Overview
Mutual Funds
Managed Accounts
Stocks and Bonds
IRAs
Annuities
Preparing For Your FuturePreparing For Your Future Overview
Saving Money For Retirement
Living in Retirement
Saving For College
Tools & Resources:Basics of Investing
Retirement Calculator
Schedule An Appointment Find a Branch
InsuranceOn PurchasesAuto
Homeowners
Loan Protection
On YouLife
Health
Long-Term Care
AD&D
Annuities
Tools & Resources:Value of Insurance
Calculate Insurance Needs
Schedule An Appointment Find a Branch
BusinessCheckingChecking Overview
Dividend Checking
Small Business Checking
Analyzed Checking
Community Checking
SavingsSavings Overview
Basic Savings
Certificate
Money Market
Credit Card
LoansLoans Overview
Real Estate & Commercial Construction Loans
Investment Property Loans
Term Loans
Business Line of Credit
Small Business Administration Loans
Cash ManagementCash Management Overview
ACH Services
Remote Deposit Capture
Credit Card Processing
Online Banking
Tools & Resources:Employee Financial Wellness
Steps of Starting a Business
Schedule An Appointment Find a Branch
Money SmartsProgramsAll Programs
Red Shoes
Project Money
Project Teen Money
Oodles
FoolProof
Financial Wellness for Employees
Blog & ToolsBlog & Tools
Blogs
Calculators
Worksheets
Checklists
Infographics
Podcasts
Money Smarts
Mortgage Resource CenterMortgage Resource Center
First-Time Homebuyer’s Handbook
Homebuying How-To Videos
EventsAll Events
Upcoming Events
On Demand Webinars
Summit Fest
Co-op Connection
FAQ
AboutAbout UsAbout Us Overview
Annual Report
Leadership and Governance
Credit Union Advocacy
Member News
Awards and Accomplishments
Your Financial Partner
History
Giving BackGiving Back Overview
Scholarships
Financial Outreach
Cash Boomerang
Sustainability
CareersCareers Overview
Job Openings
Credit Union Difference
Press Room
Tools & Resources:Make a Payment
Login to Online Banking
Frequently Asked Questions
Schedule An Appointment Find a Branch
Contact
Meet
Routing# 275979034Copied to clipboard
Contact
Locate
Search
Online Banking ID
Login
Not Enrolled? Visit a Local Branch or Contact Us.
Not a Summit member? JOIN NOW
GO Mobile   WITH THE SUMMIT APP
Privacy, Security and Accessibility
Protecting Your Privacy
Summit Credit Union, your member-owned financial institution, is committed to providing you with competitive products and services to meet your financial needs and help you reach your goals. We are equally committed to protecting the privacy of our members. Please view our current Privacy Policy (pdf) and the Online Privacy Policy (pdf).
Let us know if you have questions. Please do not hesitate to call us -- we are here to serve you!
Web Site Security
Summit Credit Union uses 128-bit encryption for all transactions completed via our Web site, which provides the highest level of security and privacy available. We also employ a secure firewall to prevent unauthorized access to our network.
When you visit www.summitcreditunion.com, we do collect anonymous statistics to help us measure the performance of the site, such as: the day and date of the visit, the Internet service provider, which browsers visitors use, and how many hits our pages receive. Credit Union uses consumer data, including but not limited to non-personally identifiable information such as cookies, IP addresses, and mobile advertising identifiers, as applicable, to perform matching with third party cookies to provide targeted marketing. We don't collect any personal information about your usage unless you provide it to us via a loan or membership application, to reorder checks, or for other services.
If you have any questions about the security and privacy of our web site, please contact us.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Accuracy of Data Contained in Web Sites Linked to SCU's Web Site
By clicking onto any link on this Web site, the user specifically acknowledges that the credit union is not liable in any way with respect to the user's use of any information gained through this Web site, and that the risk of injury from any use of the information rests entirely with the user. The user specifically acknowledges that the credit union is not liable for defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users, links or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. This disclaimer of liability also applies to any damages or injury, including but not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, or negligence or under any other theory or cause of action.
Solicitation Prohibited
Use of this Web site and information herein to send faxes and e-mail to Summit Credit Union and its employees for solicitation purposes is prohibited.
Accessibility Statement
Summit Credit Union is committed to providing a website that is as accessible as our branches and services. We are currently in the process to implement the recommendations of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) as published by the Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).
There is no single definitive test of conformance to Level AA of the WCAG but we have used a variety of methods for assessing our accessibility, not limited to but including physical tests using screenreaders and keyboard only. If you find a part of the site that you feel does not conform to Level AA of the WCAG or are having difficulty getting the information you need, please use one of the methods below to let us know so that we can rectify it.
Contact us by phone at (800) 236-5560
Contact us via email:  MemberService@summitcreditunion.com
We are dedicated in our efforts to comply with WCAG 2.1 Level AA standards by resolving current and future unforeseen issues with accessibility on existing pages as well as new pages within the Summit Credit Union website.
Summit Credit Union strives to make every page accessible to users but cannot guarantee that every page conforms to WCAG 2.1 Level AA.
Some pages have partial conformance due to the use of 3rd party vendors or is under review. As such Summit Credit Union does not claim full site-wide Conformance, instead a partial conformance, as defined by WCAG Level AA 2.1. Summit Credit Union cannot ensure conformance of crucial third-party plug-ins and widgets.
Summit Credit Union has used WCAG guidelines for conformance as suggested by the Department of Justice. Though some of the conformance found in WCAG conforms with 508 Compliance, we are not 508 Compliant.
Summit Credit Union chose to use WCAG for conformance because they are determined by the W3C, the consortium that makes the guidelines for the Internet, worldwide.
Summit Credit Union uses automated testing as a baseline for conformance but understands W3C's position that there is as yet no tool that can perform a completely automatic assessment on the checkpoints in the guidelines, and fully automatic testing may remain difficult or impossible.
* THIRD PARTY DISCLOSURE
These sites are owned by a third party unaffiliated with Summit Credit Union. Summit Credit Union does not endorse or guarantee the products, information or recommendations provided by the linked website and is not liable for any products, services, or content advertised on the linked website. The linked website may have a privacy policy that is different than that of Summit Credit Union and that may provide less security; please consult the linked website's privacy policy for further information.
If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 608-243-5000 for assistance.
Federally insured by NCUA
Federally insured by NCUA Equal Housing Lender
Copyright 2020 © Summit Credit Union. All rights reserved.
CLOSE ×
You are leaving Summit Credit Union
Please read the following before proceeding to:
The website you are about to visit is solely the responsibility of the merchant or other party providing the site. The content of this third-party site, including materials and information, is solely the responsibility of the provider of the site. The Credit Union is not responsible for any such third-party content. Any transactions that you enter into with a vendor, merchant or other party that you access through this third-party site are solely between you and that vendor, merchant or other party. The Credit Union does not endorse the content contained in this third-party site, nor the organization publishing the site, and hereby disclaims any responsibility for such content. The Credit Union Privacy Policy does not apply to this third-party site, and for further information you should consult the privacy disclosures of the third-party site.
Stay on SummitCreditUnion.com
Go