http://www.dulux.com/en/expert-help/dr-dulux-paint-finishes-explained
Login with...
Or by email
Email
*
Password
*
I forgot my password
Login
Register with...
Or by email
Email
*
Password
*
Password requirements:
At least one capital letter
At least one special character or number
Minimum of 8 characters
Continue
I agree to the processing of my personal data by AkzoNobel, including from other AkzoNobel Group companies as well as entities acting on their behalf.
I consent to receiving the personalized newsletter from Dulux, to be informed about AkzoNobel products (and services), including from other AkzoNobel Group companies...
...
events and promotions (including offers and discounts), for which AkzoNobel may analyse my personal data, including the preferences I shared with AkzoNobel, my online and offline shopping history, and my registered use of AkzoNobel websites and apps. AkzoNobel can contact me through E-mail, Mail, SMS, Apps, Social Media or though other communication channels provided by me. What does this mean?
Show more
Show less
Create account
Successfully registered, please login
Login
login
Please enter email address associated to your account
Email
*
Send
Password changed successfully.
Back to my account
You should receive an email with instructions to reset your password shortly.
Back to login
We will use this to provide you with useful information
1
When are you decorating?
In the next month
From 1-3 months
From 3-6 months
After 6 months
2
What are you decorating?
All
Hallway
Living room
Bedroom
Kitchen
Bathroom
Study
Dining room
Outside
Childrens room
3
Why are you decorating?
I am decorating in order to refresh my room style (e.g. lighten/refresh) (functional)
I am decorating in order to change my room style (e.g. modernise) (decorating)
You need to answer at least one of the survey questions before submitting.
Submit
Welcome to your world in colour
I have some colours in mind
I would like some ideas
I am looking for...
A particular product
Some advice
Some ideas
My nearest store
Back to start
Pick your colour palette
I'll be painting ...
Bathroom
Living room
Dining room
Bedroom
Kids room
Hallway
Home office
Kitchen
It's ...
Radiator
Skirting boards
Metal
Windows
Window frames
Doors
Ceilings
Wood
Door frames
Walls
Masonry
Entrance doors
Cupboards
Furniture
uPVC
Garage doors
Tiles
Melamine
Show me all colours
Dulux Colour of the Year 2021
Expert Help for Tips & Tricks
The right products for the job
Find a store near you
Dulux Colour of the Year 2021 – Brave Ground™
Every year, Dulux colour experts translate global design trends into the new Colour of the Year. The shade for 2021 is Brave Ground™. A warm, natural neutral that lets other colours shine, it provides a springboard for change in your home. Discover how you can use this versatile shade, plus its four complementary colour palettes, to start a transformation.
Discover more
Living Room Inspiration
Some ideas for how to use our 2020 Colour of the Year and supporting palettes in your living room.
Watch more on YouTube
Dulux Colour of the Year 2020
Tranquil Dawn
Our 2020 Colour of the Year has an air of calm and clarity that captures the mood of the new decade. Discover how this beautifully versatile colour can transform your home.
Discover more
Say hello to paint innovation.
Dulux Easycare is Washable & Tough, helping it stay the way you painted it.
Read more about Easycare
Let’s make your woodwork wonderful
Dulux Quick Dry water-based paints offer a fuss-free, budget-friendly way to transform unsung wooden design details such as skirtings, bannisters, furniture and door frames.
View the range
Paint Finishes Explained
Don't know your eggshell from your satin? Dr Dulux helps you de-mystify paint jargon.
Read the Guide
Dulux Promise
We understand that decorating is about more than just paint on walls
Find out more
Let’s Colour
Adding Colour to People’s Lives
Our paint not only transforms walls, but also improves the lives of millions around the world.
Learn how & get inspired
Terms and Conditions
For the full terms & conditions please
click here
Join our newsletter
Discover decorating trends and ideas in our new monthly newsletter.
I agree to the processing of my personal data by AkzoNobel, including from other AkzoNobel Group companies as well as entities acting on their behalf.
I consent to receiving the personalized newsletter from Dulux, to be informed about AkzoNobel products (and services), including from other AkzoNobel Group companies
...
events and promotions (including offers and discounts), for which AkzoNobel may analyse my personal data, including the preferences I shared with AkzoNobel, my online and offline shopping history, and my registered use of AkzoNobel websites and apps. AkzoNobel can contact me through E-mail, Mail, SMS, Apps, Social Media or though other communication channels provided by me.
What does it mean?
Show more
Show less
Subscribe
If you'd like to know more about how we use your personal data, please read our privacy statement.
Our latest tips and inspirations are on their way to your mailbox.
Easy and safe payment
Follow us