http://www.fmi.org/utility-pages/privacy-policy
About Us
About Us
History
Leadership
Staff
Policy Statements
Contact Us
Careers
Job Listings
Year in Review
Join FMI
Newsroom
Latest News
News Archive
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
Press Credentials
Voice of The Food Industry Blog
Store
Store
Top Sellers
How to Place an Order
View Cart
My Profile
Industry Topics
Asset Protection
Biotechnology
Biotechnology Vocabulary
Biotechnology Frequently Asked Questions
Bioengineering aka GMO
Bioengineering Frequently Asked Questions
Bioengineering Talking Points by Department
Gene Editing
Gene Editing Frequently Asked Questions
CBD
Corporate Social Responsibility
Animal Welfare
The FoodKeeper
Food Waste
Sustainability
Transparency
Crisis Management
Food Assistance Programs
Feeding Assistance Toolkit
Food Prices
Fresh Foods
Seafood
FreshForward
General Merchandise and Health & Beauty Care
Health & Well-being
Nutrition
Family Meals Movement
Facts Up Front
Independent Operator
Labeling
Menu Labeling
Menu Labeling Q&A
Product Code Dating
GMO Labeling
Omnichannel
Omnishopper
Payments
Swipe Fees
Secure Payments Partnership
Pharmacy
Private Brands
SmartLabel® Implementation Recommendations
Supplier Diversity
Supply Chain
Tax Reform
Technology
TechTalk Series
Total Store Collaboration
Wage & Labor Issues
Wholesaler
Our Research
Supermarket Facts
Grocery Store Chains Net Profit
Median Total Store Size – Square Feet
Weekly Household Grocery Expenses 2020
UPC Random Weight Perishables
Research Reports
U.S. Grocery Shopper Trends
Food Retailing Industry Speaks
Grocery Revolution
Ask a Librarian
Food Industry FAQ's
Publications Abstracted
Online Library
Supermarket Anniversary Facts
Food Industry Glossary
U.S. Grocery Shopper Trends
Food Retailing Industry Speaks
Events & Education
Calendar
Conferences
Webinars
E-Learning Portal
College and University Programs
Certificates and Development
Future Leaders eXperience
Future Leaders Direct
Food Retail Learning Map Experience
Food Retail Leader Certificate
Retail Management Certificate
Food Safety
Food Safety News
Food Safety Resources
Backgrounders
FSMA Resource Center
Recalls
SafeMark Food Safety Training
Safe Quality Food Institute
Partnership For Food Safety Education
Food Protection Committee Portal
Coronavirus
State Issues Crisis Tracker
Worker and Customer COVID-19 Safety Resources
Government Affairs
Priority Issues
State Affairs
Issue Papers
StateTrac
State Associations
50 State Outlook Report
Government Relations Newsletters
Regulatory
FoodPAC and FMI LEAD Fund
Government Relations Staff
Voting Resources
Contact Congress
Testimony
Grocery Industry Economic Impact
FMI v. Argus Leader
Get Involved
Newsletters and Forums
Government Relations Newsletters
Committees
Directories
Awards
Store Manager Awards
Executive Leadership Awards
Share Groups
Community Outreach
Best Practices
Nominees
FMI Emerge
FMI Member Plus Program
Frequently Asked Questions
FMI Foundation
Family Meals
COVID-19 Business Solutions
Product Discovery and Operational Services
Supply Chain Operations Tools
Workforce Tools
COVID-19 Resources
Coronavirus Resources
State Issues Crisis Tracker
Worker and Customer COVID-19 Safety Resources
Pandemic Preparedness Checklist
COVID-19 Business Solutions
COVID-19 Testing FAQ
COVID-19 FAQ
COVID-19 Family Meals Tips
U.S. Grocery Shopper Trends
Logout
Login
Search the site
SEARCH
Back to Top
Privacy Policy
Posted On: May 24, 2018 | Effective Date : May 24, 2018
FMI believes in your right to privacy when using the Internet for your communication. This Privacy Policy describes how FMI collects, uses, discloses, transfers, stores, retains or otherwise processes your information when you (whether you are a person or business) access or use in any manner any FMI services (including, but not limited to through a digital receipt or FMI Invoice, at a point of sale, using Online Store, registering for a conference, event, meeting or webinar ) through FMI’s website or applications (collectively, “Services”); or otherwise contact or interact with us, even if you have not applied or signed up for a FMI account or other Service or downloaded one of our applications.
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of our Services, and covers information collected in connection with your access to and use of our Services. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By continuing to interact with our Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy Explains:
What information we collect about you
How we use your information
When and with whom we share your information
How long we retain your information
Cookies and other similar technologies
Third party advertising and analytics
Your Rights
Security
California Privacy Rights
Changes to this privacy policy
Contact
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
1. Information You Provide to Us Directly
FMI may collect different information from or about you depending on the manner in which you use our website. The following examples are provided to help you better understand the information We may collect through your use of the FMI.org website.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We will collect any information you provide to us directly such as the following:
In order to use certain features of the FMI website, such as creating a profile, purchasing a publication, registering for a meeting, or applying for a scholarship, you are required to create an Account, and in that case, we will collect and store any personal information you provided to us, such as first name, last name, company name, company address, phone, fax, e-mail address, payment and billing information, and credit card information.
Information Received Through Third-Party Platforms:
You may access FMI.org through Third- Party Platforms, such as Facebook. If you use our  FMI website on  or through a Third  Party Platform, including via any mobile and/or other Internet connected devices (“Wireless Devices”),  or click on  third party links, the collection, use, and disclosure of your information and your use of the FMI website will also be subject to the privacy policies and other terms of such third parties or Third  Party Platforms. You should review such privacy policies, terms, and other agreements.
2. Information We Collect Through Automated Means
Technical and Usage Data
When you access the FMI website, we collect certain information by automated means. This information may include without limitation: (a) technical information about your computer or Wireless Device, such as Your IP address, device type, operating system type and version, unique device ID, browser, browser language, domain and other systems information, platform types (collectively, “Technical Information”); and (b) usage statistics about your interaction with  the FMI website, including pages accessed, time spent on  pages, pages visited, search queries, click data, date and time, and other information regarding your use of the FMI website (collectively, “Usage Data”).
This Technical Information and Usage Data, which may be linked to your information, is collected through the use of server logs and tracking technologies, including: (i) cookies, which are small pieces of code that websites send to your computer or Wireless Device to uniquely identify your browser or mobile device or to store information in your browser setting; and (ii) web beacons, which are small objects that allow us to measure the actions of visitors using the FMI website. For more detailed information regarding how we use cookies and other technology, please review the additional information in this Privacy Policy under the Section entitled "Our Cookies Policy."
Geolocation Information: IP addresses received from your browser or device may be used to determine your approximate location, such as the city, state and/or country associated with an IP address.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use information about you for a number of purposes, including:
Providing, Improving, and Developing our Services
Reviewing and analyzing user browser and wireless device technical information;
Reviewing user activity across FMI.org (for example, FMI analyze trends and User traffic and usage information to identify determine the performance of content, research reports or events);
Processing or recording payment transactions or money transfers;
Otherwise providing you with the FMI products and features you choose to use;
Displaying your historical transaction or appointment information;
Providing, maintaining, and improving our Services;
Developing new products and Services;
Delivering the information and support you request, including digital receipts, invoices, and scheduling information;
Improving, personalizing, and facilitating your use of our Services;
Measuring, tracking, and analyzing trends and usage in connection with your use or the performance of our Services.
Communicating with You About our Services
Responding to questions or concerns;
Sending you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us about our products, services and the industry we serve;
Sending push notifications to your desktop or wireless device to provide updates on relevant resources and content, which can be managed through your computer or smartphone browser;
Manage your account preferences, establish your profile and registration information;
Conducting surveys and collecting feedback about our industry and Services.
Protecting our Services and Maintaining a Trusted Environment
Enforcing our Terms of Service or other applicable agreements or policies;
Verifying your identity;
Complying with any applicable laws or regulations, or in response to lawful requests for information from the government or through legal process;
Fulfilling any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with our Services;
Analyze trends and user traffic, track purchases and usage information;
Contacting you to resolve disputes and provide assistance with our Services.
Advertising and Marketing
Marketing of our Services, events, research and products;
Communicating with you about opportunities, products, services, contests, promotions, discounts, incentives, surveys, and rewards offered by us and select partners;
If we send you marketing emails, each email will contain instructions permitting you to “opt out” of receiving future marketing or other communications.
If we obtain any Personal Information from you we will not sell it to third parties. It may be used internally as part of special merchandising and promotion programs and we may disclose non-personally identifiable compilations of information to third parties for marketing related purposes.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us. To learn about your choices regarding interest-based advertising and cross-device tracking, please see below.
Digital Receipts
If you provide FMI with your contact information to receive receipts via email, we may store the email address or phone number you provide. We use your email address or phone number to send you a receipt for your purchase. Digital receipts may contain additional messages, offers, or links that may be of interest to you. For example, you may be able to submit feedback, or visit websites.
If you wish to opt out of receiving automatic digital receipts or change your preferences, please see below.
Other Uses
For any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with our Services from time to time.
WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
When and How We May Share/Disclose Your Information with Third Parties
We will share your information which may include Registration Information, Profile Information, and Shared Content and Course Information with  the following third parties or under the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this  Privacy Policy:
We may share your information with  third party companies that perform services on our  behalf, including for payment processing, order fulfillment, data analysis, marketing services, advertising services (including but not limited to retargeted advertising), e-mail and hosting services, and customer services and support. These third party service providers may access your personal information, and are required to use it solely as directed by us for the purpose of our requested service.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Analytics and Data Enrichment Services
We use third-party analytics such as Google Analytics, to help understand your usage of our services and to improve our Service.
Aggregate or De-identified Information
We may disclose or use aggregate or de-identified information for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
Social Media Features
The FMI website may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button. Our integration of these features may allow third party social media provided to collect certain information such as your IP address, which page you are visiting when using Our Services, and to set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
We generally retain your information as long as reasonably necessary to provide you the Services or to comply with applicable law. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. We can retain copies of information about you and any transactions or Services in which you may have participated for a period of time that is consistent with applicable law, applicable statute of limitations, or as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, to detect or prevent fraud, to collect fees owed, to resolve disputes, to address problems with our Services, to assist with investigations, to enforce other applicable agreements or policies, or to take any other actions consistent with applicable law.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. This allows the specific information collected (name, email, address, phone number, etc.) to become anonymous, but allows FMI to keep the transaction or engagement data. For example, FMI will not be able to tell if John Smith registered for an event, but we will be able to tell that a person registered for an event and maintain headcount and transactional history. This will allow FMI to maintain a level of information that helps us develop and improve our products and services.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Like many online platforms, FMI and its analytics vendors use server logs and automated data collection tools, such as browser cookies, pixel  tags, scripts and web beacons. These tools are used for analytics purposes to enable FMI to understand how Users interact with  the FMI services. FMI and its analytics vendors may tie the information gathered by these means to the unique account ID of Users.
Cookies are small text les placed onto a computer or device while  browsing the Internet. Cookies are used to collect, store and share bits  of information about user activities. FMI uses both session cookies and persistent cookies.
A session cookie is used to identify a particular visit to the FMI services and collect information about interaction with  the FMI service. These cookies expire after a short time, or when the user closes their web browser after using the FMI service. FMI uses these cookies to identify a user during a single browsing session, such as when you  log into  the FMI services. This helps FMI improve the Service as well as improve the Users’  browsing experience.
A persistent cookie will remain on  a user’s device for a set period of time specified in the cookie. FMI uses these cookies to identify and recognize a specific user over a longer period of time. They allow  FMI to:
analyze the usage of the FMI services (e.g. what links users click on) in order to improve our offering
test different versions of the FMI services to see which particular features or content users prefer to optimize the FMI services
provide a more personalized experience to users with  more relevant content and course recommendations and
allow users to more easily log in to use the FMI services. Persistent cookies include: preferences cookies to remember information about a user’s  browser and settings preferences, such as preferred language. Preference cookies make user experience more functional and customized authentication and security cookies to enable a user to log in or stay logged in and access the FMI service, to protect user accounts against fraudulent log-ins by others, and help detect, and protect against abuse or unauthorised usage of user accounts.
functional cookies to make the experience of using the FMI service better, like remembering the sound volume level selected by the user.
FMI uses tracking technology to: (i) determine if a certain page was  visited (e.g. the landing page of an advertisement for FMI services that is displayed on  third party sites) or whether an email sent by FMI was  opened or clicked on  by a user; and (ii) to customize the learning experience of individual users by recommending specific courses and other content.
Cookie List
FMI will retain the data of users for as long  as instructed by the Customer. FMI will delete certain or all personal data relating to users upon request of the Customer. FMI may retain aggregated or anonymized data as set forth below.
Service
Name
Expiration
Purpose
FMI Custom SSO
session
unauthfileReturnUrl
username
24 hours after login
60 minutes
1 year
Required
Sitefinity
.SFAUTH-fmi_redesign
.SFROLES-fmi_redesign
sf_timezoneoffset
sfExpPages_f669d9a7-009d-4d83-ddaa-000000000002
60 minutes
30 minutes
Server session
1 year
Required
YouTube
PREF VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE YSC
6 months
session
Tracking, Performance, Personalization
OneSignal
_OneSignal_Session
__cfduid
intercom-id-344a89aeac3f033e4dec4370781543b948aece6d
1 year
9 months
Preference
SharpSpring
koitk
__ss
__ss_referrer
__ss_tk
10 yrs
1 day
1 hours
Nearly indefinie
Tracking
Feathr
__cfduid
feathr_session_id
60 minutes
Tracking and Marketing
Google Analytics
_ga
_gat_UA-2209860-1
_gid
2 years
1 minute
1 day
Tracking
Google Analytics (onesignal.com):
_ga _gid
1 day
Tracking
Google Custom Dimensions
mxx_companyType
mxx_isBoard
mxx_isCommittee
mxx_jobFunctions
mxx_memberStatus
mxx_memberType
mxx_primaryContact
1 year
1 year
1 year
1 year
1 year
1 year
1 year
Tracking
User Preferences with respect to cookies and other tracking technologies
A user can  set his or her web browser to notify about the placement of new cookies, limit the type of cookies or reject cookies altogether; if enabled, a user may not be able to use some or all of the features of the FMI services (for example, may not be able to log in). General information about cookies and how to disable them can  be found at www.allaboutcookies.org (http://www.allaboutcookies.org).
Most modern web browsers give you the option to send a Do Not Track signal to the websites you visit, indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. However, there is no accepted standard for how a website should respond to this signal, and we do not take any action in response to this signal. Instead, in addition to publicly available third-party tools, we offer you the choices described in this policy to manage the collection and use of information about you.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
We can use third-party service providers to provide site metrics and other analytics services. These third parties can use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information, such as your IP address, identifiers associated with your device, other applications on your device, the browsers you use to access our Services, webpages viewed, time spent on webpages, links clicked, and conversion information (e.g., transactions entered into). This information can be used by FMI and third-party service providers on behalf of FMI to analyze and track usage of our Services, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand how you use our Services. The third-party service providers that we engage are bound by confidentiality obligations and other restrictions with respect to their use and collection of your information.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies, which are covered by such third parties’ privacy policies. For more information, we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn about their privacy practices. For more information about targeted advertising specifically, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Examples of our third-party service providers to help deliver our Services or to connect to our Services include:
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to understand how our Services perform and how you use them. To learn more about how Google processes your data, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. To opt out of Google Analytics please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Facebook: We use Facebook to advertise and market our services, and to enable our customers to market their services. To learn more about how Facebook uses your data please visit https://www.facebook.com/help/325807937506242/ or log on to your Facebook account and access your settings. To understand more about Facebook advertising please see here https://www.facebook.com/about/ads.
Feathr and SharpSpring: We use Feathr and SharpSpring to monitor how you engage with FMI’s content and then tailor ads and content about our products and services to match your interest. Please visit https://www.feathr.co/privacy-policy to learn more about how Feathr processes your data and https://sharpspring.com/legal/privacy/ to learn more about how SharpSpring processes your data.
Matrix Maxx: Matrix Maxx is FMI’s Association Management Service (AMS) and is used to collect and store membership and contact details, event registration, store purchases and details about your interactions with FMI so we can better serve our members and industry stakeholders.
These third party service providers make use of cookies to implement their services.
YOUR RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights in relation to your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out below, please contact us. You have the right to:
Personal Information
You may access, change, or correct information that you have provided by making a request to us using the contact details below, in which case we may need to verify your identity before granting access or otherwise changing or correcting your information. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking across websites. FMI does not have a mechanism in place to respond to DNT signals. FMI does track some activity across websites (including your search terms, the website you visited before you visited or used the Services and other clickstream data) and we may continue to collect information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy from web browsers that have enabled DNT signals or similar mechanisms.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from FMI, if those messages, are powered by FMI, by following the instructions in those messages. Opting out of receiving communications may impact your use of the Services. If you decide to opt out, we can still send you non-promotional communications, such as digital receipts that you request.
SECURITY
We take reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, the internet is not a 100% secure environment, and we cannot guarantee absolute security of the transmission or storage of your information. We hold information about you both at our own premises and with the assistance of third-party service providers.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about our disclosure of your personal information by us to third parties for direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please contact us using the listing below.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a revised version and updating the “Effective Date” above. The revised version will be effective on the “Effective Date” listed. If you disagree with these changes, you may stop using our Services at any time. Your continued use of our Services constitutes your consent to any amendment of this Privacy Notice.
CONTACT
Please contact FMI with any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice.
FMI
2345 Crystal Drive
Suite 800
Arlington, VA 22202
ATTN: Privacy
Email: privacy@fmi.org
Phone: 202-452-8444
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our notice, or if you believe our notice or applicable laws relating to the protection of your personal information have not been respected, you may file a complaint with FMI using the contact information  listed above, and we will respond to let you know who will be handling your matter and when you can expect a further response. We may request additional details from you regarding your concerns and may need to engage or consult with other parties in order to investigate and address your issue. We may keep records of your request and any resolution.
Industry Topics address your specific area of expertise with resources, reports, events and more.
Our Research covers consumer behavior and retail operation benchmarks so you can make informed business decisions.
Events and Education including online and in-person help you advance your food retail career.
Food Safety training, resources and guidance that help you create a company food safety culture.
Government Affairs work — federal and state — on the latest food industry policy, regulatory and legislative issues.
Get Involved. From industry awards to newsletters and committees, these resources help you take advantage of your membership.
Best practices, guidance documents, infographics, signage and more for the food industry on the COVID-19 pandemic.
fmi-icon-certificate
fmi-icon-food-safety
fmi-icon-asset-protection
fmi-icon-education force-icon-3
fmi-icon-research
fmi-icon-government-affairs
fmi-icon-get-involved
fmi-icon-industry-topic force-icon-3
fmi-icon-labeling
fmi-icon-corporate-social-responsibility
fmi-icon-payments
fmi-icon-crisis-management
fmi-icon-private-brands
fmi-icon-food-assistance
fmi-icon-Supplier-Diversity
fmi-icon-fresh-foods
fmi-icon-supply-chain
fmi-icon-general-merchandise
fmi-icon-technology
fmi-icon-health-wellness
fmi-icon-Collaboration
fmi-icon-Health-Reform
fmi-icon-wage-labor
fmi-icon-IO-Icon
fmi-icon-wholesaler-topic
fmi-icon-newsroom force-icon-3
fmi-icon-tax-reform
fmi-icon-about_icon force-icon-4
fmi-icon-about_icon
fmi-icon-cart
fmi-icon-blog_icon force-icon-5
fmi-icon-cart
fmi-icon-Communications
fmi-icon-Communications
fmi-icon-omnichannel
fmi-icon-biotechnology-topic
fmi-icon-FoodSafety
fmi-icon-Asset
fmi-icon-Education
fmi-icon-Research
fmi-icon-Government
fmi-icon-Get-Involved
fmi-icon-Industry-Topics
fmi-icon-Label
fmi-icon-Corporate-Responsibility
fmi-icon-Payment
fmi-icon fmi-icon-Crisis_Continuity_White
fmi-icon-PB
fmi-icon-Government
fmi-icon-Supplier-Diversity
fmi-icon-FreshFoods
fmi-icon-Supply
fmi-icon-GHMBC-Icon
fmi-icon-TechIcon
fmi-icon-Health
fmi-icon-Collaboration
fmi-icon-Health-Reform
fmi-icon-Government
fmi-icon-IO-Icon
fmi-icon-Wholesaler
fmi-icon-Communications
fmi-icon-Government
fmi-icon-cart
fmi-icon-cart
fmi-icon-cart
fmi-icon-Communications
fmi-icon-cart
fmi-icon-Communications
fmi-icon-Communications
fmi-icon-TechIcon
fmi-icon-Bio_Tech_White
fmi-icon-PharmacyIconWhite
© 2020 FMI.
All rights reserved.
2345 Crystal Drive, Suite 800,
Arlington, VA 22202
|
phone:
202-452-8444
|
fax:
202-429-4519
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Website design by Matrix Group International, Inc. ®
Sign Up for the
FREE daily briefing on top stories in food retailing.
Sign up