https://www.wildcountry.com/en-us/return-policy
By using www.wildcountry.com/en-us, you agree to SALEWA North America's
Term of Use and Privacy Policy.
I Agree
Return Policy
Close menu
Profile
Help
CLIMBING HARDWARE
MAN
WOMAN
REVO
About
Athletes
Wild Country Blog
Return Policy
THANK YOU FOR YOUR ORDER
We hope that we have fully met your expectations in the purchase of one of our WILDCOUNTRY® products.If your purchase doesn't meet your expectations, you can return it in just a few steps.
DO YOU WANT TO RETURN AN ITEM?
If you purchased your items from the official Wildcountry online shop, you are eligible for FREE return shipping if,
1. The product has not been used
2. The product has not been opened
3. It is within 15 days from the date of purchase.
Returns with UPS:
1. If you are a registered user: Complete the online return procedure by accessing your account and clicking on “My Orders”. Click on the “Returns” button found on the side menu to the left and follow the instructions displayed until the return has been properly registered.
2. If you made the order as a guest without registering: Click here and enter your order number and email address. The page with the details of your order will then be displayed. Click on the “Refund the Product” button at the top of the page and follow the instructions until your return has been properly registered. For both registered users and users without accounts:
3. Print out the “RMA” return request document and include it with the package.
4. Click on the button "CREATE RETURN LABEL", print it and stick it on the package.
5. Carefully seal the package and post it within 15 days of completing the online return request, or bring the package to the nearest UPS Pickup Station.
6. Note down the tracking number on the return label.
- If the return package complies with conditions above, your request will be processed as soon as possible. The amount paid will be credited with the same method used for payment within 10 business days from receipt of the returned package to our warehouse. Please observe these condition - The product is in its original state and packaging. - The clothing products have the label attached. - The accessories have all parts of the original packaging. - The shoes are in the original box.
Returned products must be in the same condition in which they were received: intact and not used (including labels and the original packaging).
For more information, please see the 'Terms and Conditions' section.
DO YOU WANT TO EXCAHNGE YOUR ITEM?
At this time, our system is not set up to accept exchanges. If the product does not meet your expectations, we ask that you please follow the returns process, then place a new order on www.wildcountry.com/en-us/*Please not, during your returns process you will need to print out a document containing a WRMA number. Do not forget to include this document with the package. This number is ESSENTIAL to have in order for us to complete the returns process. If you need support with your order, feel free to contact our Customer Service team by calling: 303-444-0446
Get exclusive offers and stories directly to your inbox
Sign up for your own Wild Country newsletter and get articles and weekly updates about products.
For Men
For Women
By signing up, I accept the terms & conditions.
*The field is mandatory. By entering my e-mail address, I agree to have read and accepted the Privacy policy of Oberalp S.p.a.