http://www.wgbhstocksales.org/legal/terms_of_use
Stock Sales & Licensing
(617) 300-3939
stock_sales@wgbh.org
About Us
Rates & Policies
FAQ
How to License
Contact Us
WGBH Stock Sales & Licensing
WGBH Stock Sales Terms of Use
This Stock Footage Sales Site (the “Site”) is owned and operated by WGBH
Educational Foundation (“WGBH”). The following terms and conditions govern your
use of the Site. By accessing or using the Site, you agree to be bound by the
terms and conditions stated herein.
The terms and conditions set forth herein
apply to all information, online communications, services, text, graphics,
links or other material and information that is or becomes available on the
Site (collectively, "Information"). By signing on and using the Site, you
specifically agree to abide by these terms and conditions and any modifications
thereto.1. Restrictions on Use: This Site is intended as a catalog of stock footage
and other materials (the “Material”) which are available to be licensed by you.Any use of Material is strictly limited to the terms of a specific license
agreement relating to specific Material (a “License Agreement”).
Subject to
the terms of a License Agreement, Material may not be modified, copied,
reproduced, republished, downloaded, uploaded, linked to, stored in any medium
(including in any other website), distributed in any way, posted, shown or
played in public, broadcast, transmitted or re-transmitted in any way. You may
download watermarked low resolution clips from this Site
solely for screening purposes and rough cut editing.
In the event you wish to
use Material from the Site, its use shall be subject to a License Agreement,
and a license will be issued for usage of the Material upon payment of the
appropriate licensing fees.
It is understood and agreed that you shall have no
right to use any material except for the screening purposes specified herein,
until such time as a License Agreement has been executed and the appropriate
license fee(s) have been paid to WGBH; use of the Materials for any other
purpose is a violation of WGBH’s copyright and other proprietary rights. 2. Conflicts:
Where any matter contained in these Terms and Condition or
elsewhere on this Site may be read so as to alter, amend or supersede any part
of the License Agreement, then the License Agreement shall be taken to be the
definitive and over-ruling part of this Agreement. 3. Copyright:
All rights, including copyright and database right, in this
Site and its contents (including all text, images, software, illustrations,
artwork, high resolution photography, video clips, audio clips and any
after-sales material), are owned by or licensed to WGBH, or otherwise used by
WGBH as permitted by applicable law.4. Trademarks:
All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary
to WGBH. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring to you any
license or right under any trademark or patent of WGBH.5. Users' Obligation to Abide By Applicable Law:
In connection with the use of
the Site, you shall not engage in conduct or publish information which would
infringe upon or injure the personal or property rights of any individual,
group, or entity, including but not limited to defamation, harassment, invasion
of privacy, tort, or disclosure of confidential or trade secrets. Furthermore,
you shall not violate any law or treaty or intellectual property rights
protected by law (such as copyright, patent and trademark rights). You
acknowledge that the Information and Materials available on the Site may
include intellectual property that is protected under the copyright, trademark,
and other intellectual property laws of the United States and/or other
countries ("Intellectual Property Laws"). Such Intellectual Property Laws
generally prohibit the unauthorized reproduction, distribution, or exhibition
of all text, photographic and graphic (art and electronic) images, music, sound
samplings, and other protected materials. The violation of applicable
Intellectual Property Laws may give rise to civil and/or criminal penalties.6. Disclosure of Online Communications:
You are cautioned that any online
communications may not be fully confidential. In addition, you should be aware
that federal postal regulations do not protect electronic mail. You should be
aware that some administrative personnel of WGBH may, in the course of their
regular duties, have access to communications required by law.7. Rogue Programming and Viruses:
WGBH is not responsible for any computer
virus, trojan horse, timebomb, worm, or any other rogue programming ("Rogue
Programming") that may be contained in any of the Information, Material or
software contained on the Site. WGBH has no obligation to detect the presence
of any Rogue Programming. Any downloading of software or other materials or any
other use of the Information on the Site is at your risk, and you are advised
to take adequate precautions to minimize any loss to your system caused by
Rogue Programming, including use of anti-virus programs and proper backup of
files. You agree not to post, transmit, or make available in any way through
the Site any software or other materials that contain Rogue Programming.8. Content of Information:
You are responsible for the content of any
Information you put on the Site. WGBH has no obligation to, and does not in the
normal course, monitor or control any Information that is or becomes available
on the Site. WGBH reserves the right to review any Information that is or
becomes available on the Site. WGBH reserves the right to refuse to post or to
remove any Information that is, in WGBH's sole discretion, unacceptable,
undesirable, or in violation of these rules. However, WGBH has no obligation to
exercise such reservation of rights by WGBH.9. Disclaimer of Warranties:
The Site, the Information and Material on the
Site are provided on an "As Is" basis without warranties of any kind, either
express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title,
noninfringement, or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a
particular purpose. WGBH does not warrant that any information is complete or
accurate, that the Site will be uninterrupted or error free, or that any
information or material is free of Rogue Programming. 10. Limitation of Damages:
Under no circumstance, including negligence, shall
WGBH be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or
consequential damages that may result from the use or inability to use the
Site, including without limitation use of or reliance on information available
on the Site, interruptions, errors, defects, mistakes, omissions, deletions of
files, delays in operation or transmission, nondelivery of information,
disclosure of communications, or any other failure of performance.11. Release and Indemnity:
You hereby release and waive any and all claims
and/or liability against WGBH arising from or in connection with your use of
the Site. You also agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless WGBH from and
against any and all claims or liability, including costs and attorneys fees,
arising from or in connection with your use of the Site or failure to abide by
applicable law.12. Modifications:
The Terms and Conditions and the Information may be
revised, amended, or supplemented by WGBH without notice at any time for any
reason.
Continuing to use the Site after a change has been made will signify
your acceptance of the changes.13. Privacy Policy:
The Site's Visitors' Privacy Policy provides additional
terms and conditions that apply to your use of our Site.
If you do not agree
to these The Site Terms of Service, please do not use the Site.14. Other:
These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and interpreted
pursuant to the laws of the State of Massachusetts, United States of America,
without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision
of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason, unenforceable
then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not
effect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
About Us
|
Rates & Policies
|
FAQ
|
How to License
|
Contact Us
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions
Copyright 2015 WGBH Educational Foundation. All rights reserved.