https://www.profitspi.com/stock/view.aspx?vc=terms
Search
Contact
API
Classic
Sign in
View pricing
HomeBacktestingScreeningChartsPatternsWatch ListsExchangesUpload DataDaily EmailStrategy LibraryScreen LibraryChart LibraryPattern Library
Home : Terms of Service
Profitspi Terms of Service1. Acceptance of TermsWelcome to Profitspi. Profitspi Pte Ltd ("we" and "us", as the case may be) provides the Service (as defined below) to you, subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us in our sole discretion from time to time without notice to you. You agree that your continued use of the Service after such update will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to be bound by the updated TOS. You can review the most current version of the terms of service at any time. In addition, when using particular Profitspi services, you and us shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services which may be posted from time to time. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS.2. Description of ServiceWe currently provide users with access to a rich collection of on-line services and information via the Profitspi website(the "Service"). Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, shall be subject to the TOS. You understand and agree that the Service is provided "AS-IS" and that we assume no responsibility for the timeliness, currency, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings.3. Your Registration ObligationsIn consideration of the Service being made available to you, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form (such information being the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof) without any liability to you.4. Profitspi Privacy PolicyRegistration Data and certain other information about you is subject to our Privacy Policy which is incorporated by reference into and made a part of this TOS. By giving the Registration Data and certain other information about yourself to us, you agree and acknowledge that we may release such information to third parties as specified in the Privacy Policy, and that you give consent to such disclosure. For more information, please see our full privacy policy.5. Member Account, Password and SecurityYou are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section 5.6. PaymentThe Profitspi site provides free access to certain services. An enhanced service is available to subscribers for which payment is required. Profitspi will notify you in all cases if the service you are trying to access is not free and give you the opportunity to choose to pay for the service. You agree to pay any fee for any of the premium services that you use. Payment is to be made by credit card and the fees are payable in advance by way of monthly, quarterly, half-yearly or yearly recurrng subscription and are non-refundable except if Profitspi gives you notice to terminate without cause. If your renewal payment should fail you will be notified by email from our payment provider. Your premium service will expire at the end of the day of your expected renewal. Your subscription service will be restored once you have provided our payment provider with your new credit card details. You are responsible for cancelling your subscription renewal using the Cancel button provided on your subscription details page. Please note that Profitspi does not store your payment details.7. Modifications to ServiceWe reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that we shall not be liable in any way to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.8. TerminationYou agree that we, in our sole discretion, may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Service, and remove and discard any Content within the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if we in our sole opinion believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the TOS. You agree that we may in our sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Service, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You also agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of this TOS may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that we may in our sole discretion immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Service. Further, you agree that we shall not be liable in any way to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Service.9. LinksThe Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that we have no control over such sites and resources, and that we are therefore not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable in any way for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.10. Terms and Conditions of AccessProfitspi Pte Ltd, at our discretion, provide you with services including, but not restricted to, news and information services. You agree to comply with the conditions imposed on your use of the services, as set out in these Terms and Conditions of Access and elsewhere in our services. These services may be outside our control or provided by a third party in which in case we cannot take responsibility for their content, or for any delays, interruptions or errors in the provisions of these additional services.Certain data accessible on our services is the intellectual property of the relevant news and information services provider or third parties that provide such data to the relevant service provider, or us. The data is protected by copyright and other intellectual laws and all ownership rights remain with the information service provider or the third party or us, as the case may be.You may only use the data retrieved from our services for your own personal and non-commercial purposes while accessing our services. Such use will be in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Access and the requirements set out elsewhere on our services. You may not copy, distribute or redistribute the data, including by caching, framing or similar means or sell, resell, re-transmit or otherwise make the data retrieved from our services available in any manner to any third party.The data is provided “as is.” We or any third party shall not be liable to you or any third party for any loss or damage, direct, indirect or consequential, arising from (i) any inaccuracy or incompleteness in, or delays, interruptions, errors or omissions in the delivery of the data or any other information supplied to you through our services or (ii) any decision made or action taken by you or any third party in reliance upon the data. Nor we shall be liable for loss of business revenues, lost profits or any punitive, indirect, consequential, special or similar damages whatsoever, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damages incurred by you or any third party.Where the information consists of pricing or performance data, the data contained therein has been obtained from sources believed reliable. Data computations are not guaranteed by any information service provider, third party or us or any affiliates and may not be complete. Neither any information service provider, third party or us give any warranties, as to the accuracy, adequacy, quality or fitness, timeless, non-infringement, title, of any information for a particular purpose or use and all such warranties are expressly excluded to the fullest extent that such warranties may be excluded by law. You bear all risk from any use or results of using any information. You are responsible for validating the integrity of any information received over the Internet.Transmission may be subject to arbitrary delays beyond our control, which may delay the provision of our services and the execution of your orders. You acknowledge that neither any information service provider, third party nor we will be liable to you or any third party for any losses arising from such delay.In no event will any information provider, third party or we, be liable for any consequential loss including but not limited to special, incidental, direct or indirect damages resulting from delay or loss of use of our services. We are not responsible for any damage to your computer, software, modem, telephone or other property resulting from your use of our services.11. General InformationThe TOS constitute the entire agreement between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior understandings and agreements between you and us and any previous statements or representations from either party to the other party. The TOS and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by the laws of Singapore without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and we agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision and to construe such provision to the maximum extent permitted by law so as to render that provision valid and enforceable, and that the other provisions of the TOS shall remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Our services
Pricing
Backtesting and screening API
Company information
About us
Contact us
Terms of service
Privacy policy
Help resources
Site search
Help pages
Site features
Backtesting
Screening
Charts
Patterns
Watch lists
Example libraries
Strategies
Screens
Charts and indicators
Patterns
Data coverage
Exchanges
© 2020 Profitspi Pte Ltd.
All data is end-of-day.