http://www.conferenceinterpreters.co.uk/privacy-policy/
What do we collect?
If you fill in our contact / quote form we will temporarily collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
other information relevant to your customer enquiry
Any message you send to us and we do not act upon or leads to a business relationship with us will be deleted after 30 days.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Contacting you in regards to your enquiry
We may use the information to improve our products and services and relationship with you as a client
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail in the future if a suitable service is relevant to you
What rights do you have to your data?
Your legal rights are as lain out in Chapter III of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDRP). You have the right of access to any and all of your data, the right to have it corrected or erased (the “right to be forgotten”), the right to stop most processing or block it altogether in most circumstances, and finally the right to take away or download a copy.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer’s hard drive in relation to your browser. The file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. If you choose to accept cookies in your browser you accept that you are willing to accept cookies on our site for tracking.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites that we have created or have relationships with. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website and the content. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties.
You may request details of personal information which we may hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us at info@design2b.net
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
What if I want to make a complaint?
If you have any concerns you can contact us. You can also take it up with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
Request a call backName *TelephoneSubmit  After pressing submit this form will close.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with that.OkPrivacy policy