http://www.ramseystillimaging.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:
RSM Media Network ("RSM Media Network")
operates http://www.ramseystillimaging.com and may operate other websites. It
is RSM Media Network's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, RSM Media Network collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. RSM Media Network's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how RSM Media Network's visitors use its website. From time to
time, RSM Media Network may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
RSM Media Network also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.ramseystillimaging.com
blogs/sites. RSM Media Network only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to RSM Media Network's websites choose to interact
with RSM Media Network in ways that require RSM Media Network to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that RSM Media Network gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at http://www.ramseystillimaging.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with RSM Media Network are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, RSM Media Network collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
RSM Media Network. RSM Media Network does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
RSM Media Network may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. RSM Media Network may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, RSM Media Network does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
RSM Media Network discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on RSM Media Network's behalf or to provide services available
at RSM Media Network's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using RSM Media Network's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. RSM Media Network will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, RSM Media Network discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when RSM Media Network believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of RSM Media Network, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an RSM Media Network website and have supplied your email address, RSM Media Network
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with RSM Media Network and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. RSM Media Network takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. RSM Media Network uses cookies to
help RSM Media Network identify and track visitors, their usage of RSM Media Network
website, and their website access preferences. RSM Media Network visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using RSM Media Network's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of RSM Media Network's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If RSM Media Network, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that RSM Media Network goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of RSM Media Network may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by RSM Media Network and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, RSM Media Network may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in RSM Media Network's sole
discretion. RSM Media Network encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://www.ramseystillimaging.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
PREVIOUS POST Terms
NEXT POST
Let’s Get In Touch
Partners
Follow Us
Recent Posts
The Advantages of Having a Marketing Strategy
Three Ways to Start an Online Gambling Business
Ways to Increase Traffic for Your Website
The Benefits of Gambling Online
Why You Should Wear Rain Boots
Get Informed
Pages
Let’s Get In Touch
Our People
Privacy Policy
Qualities Of A Good Day Care
Terms
ShareTagsaccessories
Angel Tours Chicago
auto repairs
baby stroller
Best
bills
business
buying guide
camera
commute
consider
cracked windscreed
electrical
Factors
family
gambling
General
home
innovation
jobs
looking
lose weight
marketing
mental
mindblocking
needs
New zealand
Online
photography
placement
relax
resistor
retirement
saving
schooling
Shopping
Shopping Online
special
students
teacher
technology
thick film
tips
tour
weight lose
More Information
Categories
Auto
Business
Career
Education
General
Health
Investment
Photography
Shopping
Technology
Travel and leisure
Visit
Back to Top
Facebookyogaaccessories.com