https://www.smithwick-ins.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Marine Insurance
Back
Pleasure Boat Application
Commercial Marine Application
Auto, Home & Life
Back
Auto Insurance Application
Home Insurance Application
Life Insurance Application
Commercial Insurance
Back
General Commercial Risk Insurance Application
Construction Risk Insurance Application
Marine Resources
About Us
Locations
Back
Falmouth, Maine
Kennebunk, Maine
New Bedford, Massachusetts
South Hampton, New Hampshire
Effective date: May 1, 2020
Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, Inc (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the smithwick-ins.com website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from smithwick-ins.com
Definitions
ServiceService is the smithwick-ins.com website operated by Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, IncPersonal DataPersonal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).Usage DataUsage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).CookiesCookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).Data ControllerData Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.Data Processors (or Service Providers)Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.Data Subject (or User)Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email addressFirst name and last namePhone numberAddress, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, CityCookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information about how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.
You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time, through your device settings.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amounts of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Contact forms
If you contact us through one of our forms we collect the data shown in the form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection and fraudulent submissions.
SMTP Service
If you contact us through the site using one of our contact forms we use an SMTP service to deliver email. This service allows us to monitor and ensure the delivery of the email.
Message Metadata – The metadata of a message, which includes the sender, recipient(s), subject line, originating IP address and other routing data is indexed and maintained for 30 days. This data is used by our staff and support in troubleshooting processing and delivery issues that periodically occur. This data is available in its entirety via our logs and Events API.
Message Body – The bodies of messages for up to 72 hours for both incoming and outgoing messages. For outgoing messages, temporary storage allows our systems to attempt to redeliver messages that could not be delivered on the first attempt.
Suppressions – Suppressions are permanently stored email addresses that are created as a result of a hard bounce, complaint, or unsubscribe.  We store suppressions until you remove them or your account has been deleted. Suppressions may be stored in a backup system for disaster recovery purposes for up to 30 days after removal.
Recipient Data – Mailgun stores activity information of recipient email addresses in a hashed (pseudonymization) format.  This data allows us to more accurately pre-validate email addresses, detect potential risky senders who may damage IP reputation, and help customers optimize their delivery processes.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Use of Data
Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, Inc uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our ServiceTo notify you about changes to our ServiceTo allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do soTo provide customer supportTo gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our ServiceTo monitor the usage of our ServiceTo detect, prevent and address technical issuesTo provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, Inc legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, Inc may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with youYou have given us permission to do soThe processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rightsFor payment processing purposesTo comply with the law
Retention of Data
Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, Inc will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, Inc will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, Inc will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, Inc may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, Inc may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligationTo protect and defend the rights or property of Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, IncTo prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the ServiceTo protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the publicTo protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Data Protection Rights
Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, Inc aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Smithwick and Mariners Insurance, Inc relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Akismet
Akismet is an anti-spam service for the web. It only collects the personal data needed to carry out Akismet’s core function of protecting our site against comment spam collected from commenters on our site. We do not sell the data sent to the Akismet service, and we do not keep it for long. We have short retention periods of between two weeks and ninety days for the vast majority of our spam-related data, at which point it is automatically deleted from our databases. Anyone can opt-out of all long-term tracking for the very small subset of data we do keep longer by using Akismet’s contact form. For more information, please visit Akismet’s Privacy Notice.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information about the use of this site. For details please see the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Embedded Content from Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at 1-800-370-1883.