https://www.ppma.co.uk/privacy.html
You are here
PPMA Group
Privacy
Privacy
In this section
Privacy Policy
We are PPMA Limited – The Processing and Packaging Machinery Association (PPMA) Company Number: 2116954.
This policy sets out how PPMA will use, protect and store any PERSONAL information you may provide through using the PPMA website, PPMA services or attending a PPMA event.
PPMA is committed to protecting your privacy. We are governed by the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) which are enforced by the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk).
If we ask you to let us have information which will identify you (PERSONAL DATA), we assure you that it will only be used as set out in this statement.
We may ask you for the following information:
Your name
Your job title
Email address
Telephone numbers (mobile and landline)
Social media contact details
This personal information is covered by the Regulations. Company data and information is not subject to this.
Surveys
From time to time we may include you in a survey to help us to improve our service to you. The information you have provided will assist us with this process. All personal information gathered during such an exercise will also be subject to this notice.
Security
We take the security of the information you provide seriously. We have systems in place to prevent unauthorised access to the data we gather.
Controlling your PERSONAL DATA
You can limit the use or collection of your personal information.
We will always provide you with a “CONSENT FORM” on the website or any other correspondence we send you in order to gather information. This will enable you to select what happens to the data you provide.
You can ensure that the information you provide to us, cannot be used for any direct marketing purpose or you can select the type of information you would like to receive.
PPMA will not share your information with third parties without your permission, unless we are required by law or our contract with you to do so you can tell us what information you would like to receive via the CONSENT form.
Access to Data
You can ask us what data we hold about you. If you would like to do this, please write to the Data Centre PPMA Limited, New Progress House, 34 Stafford Road, Wallington SM6 9AA.
Links to other websites
Our website may provide you with links to other websites. If you use these links to leave the PPMA website, your PPMA data protection ceases. The site you have linked with then becomes responsible for your data protection. PPMA is not responsible for your privacy on any non-PPMA sites. Always check the privacy statement of any site you visit.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which is installed on our websites. It will ask you if it can be put on the hard drive of your computer. It does not allow us access to your computer or any information or data about you. If you agree, the cookie will allow the site to respond to you as an individual. It gathers information about what you like or dislike and remembers it so our site knows you have visited before and can provide you with the information you want in the way you prefer.
We use cookies to tell us which pages of this website are being used. This helps us to improve the way the website works for you. The data gathered is purely statistical so you cannot be identified from it.
Control
You are in charge! You can restrict the collection and use of your personal data as follows:
If you are asked to complete a form on the website, you can tell us that you do not want the information to be used for direct marketing
If you have agreed to allow your information to be used for direct marketing in the past, you can change your mind at any time. Simply write to or email the PPMA data centre at: datacontrol@ppma.co.uk
PPMA will not allow your information to be used by third parties unless you give us permission or, we are required to do so by law.
We will give you the opportunity to receive information about third parties which might interest you.
Correction of Data
If you believe that any of the information PPMA is holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us at the addresses below, with the corrections. We undertake to correct any information promptly.
PPMA Data Control Office
New Progress House
34 Stafford Road
Wallington
Surrey, SM6 9AA
E: datacontrol@ppma.co.uk
Share this...
In this section
PPMA
BARA
UKIVA
MACHINERY UPDATE
PPMA BEST
PPMA SHOW
Machinery Finder Indexes
Machinery Finder Index Search
Members Area
Resource library
Site search