http://www.littlekidsinc.com/privacy
privacy
Phone Number: 800-545-5437
Subscribe
Register
Contact Us
Home
Products
Fubbles Bubbles®
Fubbles® No-Spill®
Fubbles® Bubbles on the go™
LKI Easter
Bearwear™
Peeps®
Peppa Pig™
PJ Masks ™
Jelly Belly®
Paw Patrol ™
Nickelodeon ™
Nickelodeon SLIME™
Junk Ball®
Sesame Street®
Sunny Day ™
Rise of the TMNT™
Shimmer & Shine ™
Ryans World™
About Us
FAQs
How To
Contact
Contact Us
Cart 0
Privacy Policy
For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes only the person's domain name and/or IP address, but not the email address. We collect the names, email addresses, and other information of those who communicate with us via email, forms, or other means. We also collect aggregate information on what pages visitor access or visit and information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used for internal review, sales, and marketing. We use it to improve the content of our website and our service, and to grow our business. If you supply us with your email address and/or your postal address, you may receive periodic emails and/or postal mailings from us with information on our company and/or products and services. If you do not want to receive mail or email from us in the future, please let us know via email at info@littlekidsinc.com. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will remove your name from our lists.
By accessing this website www.littlekidsinc.com, you acknowledge the terms and conditions expressed herein. We reserve the right to change this
policy at our sole discretion and without notice.
What information is collected, and why?
When a user visits our website, we collect information about the visit that does not identify the user personally. We track information such as
the domain from which the user is visiting and the user's browser type. We also collect specific information regarding the user's session on
our website. This includes items such as the date and time of the visit and the pages viewed.
Sometimes we ask a user to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information (PII). This information generally includes, but is not limited
to, name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number. We request this information when the user requests one of the following:
To register to attend an on-line seminar or demonstration
To receive specific information from us such as a whitepaper or code sample
To sign up for a mailing list
To correspond with us
Or any other such activity that we deem necessary
Little Kids Inc. does not collect any personally identifiable financial or health-related information. We do not intentionally collect information
from children under the age of 13.
How is the information used?
Non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) is collected to allow us to analyze how our website is used and to improve the content and service
the website provides.
Personally identifiable information is collected for analysis to improve the content of the website and the services we provide the user.
Little Kids Inc. owns the collected information and will not sell, trade, or rent the information to others. We may use the information to continue
contact with the user. This may include contact such as follow-up calls, e-mail correspondence, or mail correspondence to follow-up on the
contact or to provide marketing information about promotions, new services, or important website changes. Little Kids Inc. may share this information
with its business partners for the specific purpose of a promotion or service offering.
Are "Cookies" used on the website?
This Website may include links to advertisements and other online offerings provided by third parties that Little Kids Inc. does not own or control (a “Third Party” or “Third Parties”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to Third Party ads and offerings, nor the collection methods or use of the information collected by Third Parties. Advertisements on our websites provided by Third Parties may employ cookies and similar technologies. We encourage you to visit any privacy statement made available by such Third Parties to learn their practices regarding the use of information they may collect from users who click their advertisements and use their website.
Certain Third Parties may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To remove yourself from some or all NAI member advertising programs, please visit the NAI Opt-Out Page and follow the relevant instructions. Please note that if you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, or if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we or a data provider we have engaged may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content. These cookies contain no personally identifiable information. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a data provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form. To opt-out of these cookies, please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are placed on a web user's hard drive. We may use cookies to provide you with better service. Cookies
are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more
useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Web
sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they
do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies.
However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the Little Kids Inc. site if you do so.
How is personally identifiable information safeguarded?
Little Kids Inc. utilizes industry standard methods and mechanisms such as firewalls, intrusion monitoring, and passwords to protect electronic
information. Multiple physical security methods such as locking devices and 24 hour premise monitoring are also employed. Finally, access to
PII is limited to a small number of personnel and on a need-to-know basis.
Links to other web sites
Little Kids Inc. web site may contain links to other internet web sites. Little Kids Inc. neither controls nor endorses external sites and
is not responsible for the content of such sites. This policy does not cover the privacy policies and data collection practices of non-Little
Kids Inc. web sites.
How to opt out of correspondence
Based on the information a user has provided, Little Kids Inc. may send e-mail correspondence to the user. Each correspondence will contain
an easy means to opt out of further correspondence.
0
Item(s) added to your cart.
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
© 2020 Little Kids Inc. - All Rights Reserved. Actual product colors and packaging may vary.
© 2018 Jelly Belly Candy Company, Fairfield, CA 94533 USA. PEEPS®, The PEEPS®Chick Shape and the PEEPS® Bunny Shape are registered trademarks of Just Born, Inc., Bethlehem, PA © 2018 . All Rights Reserved. PJ Masks © Frog Box / Entertainment One UK Limited /Walt Disney EMEA Productions Limited 2014. Les Pyjamasques by Romuald © (2007) Gallimard Jeunesse. All Rights Reserved. Sesame Street® and associated characters, trademarks and design elements are owned and licensed by Sesame Workshop. © 2018 Sesame Workshop. All Rights Reserved. © 2018 Viacom International Inc. All Rights Reserved. Nickelodeon, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Bubble Guppies, Shimmer and Shine and all related titles, logos and characters are trademarks of Viacom International Inc.© 2018 Spin Master PAW Productions Inc. All Rights Reserved. PAW Patrol and all related titles, logos and characters are trademarks of Spin Master Ltd.
Log into Your Account
×
New here? Create an Account
Your account has been created.
Close this popup and you're ready to go!
First Name
Last Name
Email Address (also your username)
Username
Password
Confirm Password
Prove you're not a robot
Register
×
Cart Summary