http://www.cjfield.co.uk/terms-and-conditions.html
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Last updated March 2016.
This is the Terms and Conditions Statement for CJ Field’s website www.cjfield.co.uk. In combination with our Privacy Policy Statement this Statement constitutes an agreement between you the user and CJ Field with respect to your use of this website.
Please read this Terms and Conditions Statement and our Privacy Policy Statement carefully before using the website. If you do not agree with this Statement, please do not use the site. Continued use of the website shall be taken to constitute your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to all visits you have made to the website and will remain applicable to all visits made within the lifetime of this Statement.
Changes to this Terms and Conditions Statement
From time to time CJ Field may need to update this Terms and Conditions Statement. However, future revisions to this Statement will not invalidate the Statement as it currently stands. If you visit this site regularly, please revisit this Statement occasionally to remain up-to-date.
Ownership
All content on this website — i.e. words, images, design and programming — is protected by intellectual copyright law and is the property of its owner. That ownership resides with CJ Field unless otherwise stated or where licences have been obtained from third party copyright holders for inclusion of their work in this website.
You may not copy or distribute by any means, electronic or tangible, any content from this website unless CJ Field grants you express permission in writing to do so. Where third party content is concerned, permission must be sought directly from the copyright holder.
If you agree not to breach these terms, and further agree not to interfere with its operation or attempt to modify in any way the website’s content, then you may browse this website in the conventional manner.
Fair use
Provisions for fair use of Content are set out in Chapter III, Acts Permitted in Relation to Copyright Works of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. Accordingly, users may print or save pages from this Website for research purposes and private, non-commercial use, without seeking CJ Field’s permission. These rights cannot be re-assigned by users to third-parties.
User conduct
Continued use of this website shall be taken to constitute your acceptance of our rules governing user conduct. You will not use the means of contacting us provided by the website for any purpose other than to send us genuine and lawful enquiries about our services. Any contact with us via the website must be courteous and conducted in accordance with Scottish Law. Users must not use obscene or abusive language. They must not submit material or communicate in a manner that is discriminatory or which incites hatred or violence. Users must provide their real names and contact details when contacting us. Any user attempting to deceive or defraud us will be referred to the police. Use of contact information published on this website and use of the means of communication provided by the site constitute acceptance of these conditions.
Links to external sites
Links from www.cjfield.co.uk to external sites are provided as a courtesy not a service. CJ Field is not responsible for the content of any site other than www.cjfield.co.uk and disclaims all liability for any indirect or consequential loss or damage the user may experience as a result of visiting any website linked to from our site.
Linking to cjfield.co.uk
Owners of other websites wishing to link to this website may do so provided that they link only to the home page http://www.cjfield.co.uk/index.html. If they wish to link to any other page they should contact CJ Field via email to seek permission.
Limitation of access to search engine providers, directory compilers, and data harvesters and aggregators
Meta tags in some pages of this site state that we do not want them or the information in them to be catalogued. Please respect our wishes. You are reminded that all of this website’s content is subject to intellectual copyright law. If you have already indexed or copied this content please discard your record or copy immediately. Where access is restricted to certain areas of the site, you must not attempt to bypass the restrictions. Do not attempt to use contact information published on this site for marketing purposes.
Third Parties
This agreement is between you and CJ Field. None of the Terms and Conditions stated herein may be re-allocated to third parties.
Disclaimers
This website is provided free of charge as general introduction to services provided by CJ Field. It is provided ‘as is’ and contains no guarantees. No part of the Website shall be construed as a contractual offer or as being contractually binding. To the fullest extent permitted by law, CJ Field disclaims liability for any loss or damage arising from use of the website or from decisions or actions taken by Users on the basis of the website’s content.
All components of the Website are scanned for malware prior to uploading, and CJ Field’s hosting provider takes reasonable steps to ensure that all site components are secure. However, users are reminded that no website, including this one, can be guaranteed to be entirely secure. Users, therefore, must take responsibility for the security of their computers and personal details when using this Website.
Exclusion of Damages and disclaimer of liability
As far as Scots Law permits, CJ Field accepts no liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage, foreseeable or otherwise, including any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of the Website or its Content. Users use the Website and its Content at their own risk.
The Terms and Conditions of this agreement do not exclude liability on the part of CJ Field for death or personal injury arising from negligence or fraud by CJ Field.
Indemnification
If your use of this site contravenes the terms set out herein, you may be held liable. You agree to indemnify and hold CJ Field harmless from and against any claims or liabilities arising from your breach of this website’s terms.
Law and jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Scots Law and UK Law where applicable. If necessary, issues arising from your use of the Website will be settled under the jurisdiction of the Courts of Scotland. If any provision of these terms is not legally valid, all other terms shall remain applicable apart from that which is invalid. Where lawful, however, the intent of the invalid provision will be pursued.
Contacting the web site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy Statement or your interactions with the site, please contact CJ Field via the link to the webmaster below.
Content Publisher
The publisher of this website is CJ Field.
Webmaster
ABOUT US
DESIGN
EDITING
CONTACT US