https://www.precipart.com/cookie-policy/
Data Protection & Cookie Policy
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, often including a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to here as a “device”) from a website and is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Websites can send cookies to your browser if your preferences allow it, but to protect your privacy, a website can only access cookies that it has already sent to you. Many websites do this whenever a user visits, in order to track levels of online traffic.
When you visit this website, the pages you see are downloaded to your device along with a cookie.
What to do if you don’t want cookies to be set
You can set your device to accept all cookies, notify you when a cookie is received or not receive any cookies at all. If you set your device not to receive any cookies at all, some features might not be provided and you may not be able to take advantage of all the features on this website. Each internet browser works differently, so check the “Help” menu to find out how to change your cookie preferences. Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of desktop browsers.
Cookies on this site
We use cookies on this site to gather information for statistical purposes to track how many individual unique users we have and how often they visit our websites. We collect data listings to determine which of our pages are most frequently visited and by which types of users and from which countries
In some areas of this website we may embed photos and video and social media content from third party websites such as YouTube and Flickr. Therefore when you visit a page with content embedded, you may be presented with cookies from these websites. We do not control the distribution of these cookies. You will need to check the relevant third party website for more information.
Privacy Notice
Precipart complies with all applicable privacy principles and requirements, including those of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) adopted by the European Union and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in the United States.
While using our site or submitting a form, we may obtain data that can be used to identify you. Our basis for processing this information is its necessity for the purposes of the legitimate business interests pursued by Precipart.
Such data may include, but is not limited to, your name and email address. We will use this data only so long as necessary, to provide you with better service. We may periodically send emails with product, event or company information relevant to your business. We will never sell or distribute your information, unless required by law.
You have the right to access this data, and may also request that Precipart rectify, restrict or erase all personal data at any time, if it has not already been deleted.
callCALL PRECIPART
quoteREQUEST QUOTE
CONTACT US
Call PrecipartContact Information
United States
Gears & Motion Control +1 631 694 3100
CUSTOM MECHANICAL COMPONENTS +1 631 694 5900
Switzerland
Mechanical Components & Gears
+41 32 366 6141
United Kingdom
Mechanical Components & Gears
+44 (0) 1865 238 001
REQUEST FOR QUOTECHOOSE A PRODUCT LINE
GEARS & MOTIONCONTROL
OR
CUSTOM MECHANICALCOMPONENTS