http://www.americasalfalfa.com/terms.aspx
Terms
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS PRIOR TO USE OF THIS WEB SITE – IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEB SITE.
Forage Genetics International maintains this Web site for your personal information, education, and communication. You may download materials displayed on this Web site only for your non-commercial personal use and provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices which appears on any such materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content of the Web site for any public or commercial use including, but not limited to, any text, image, audio or video, without prior written consent from Forage Genetics International. Your access to and use of this Web site is also subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing this Web site, you accept, without limitation or qualifications, the terms and conditions set forth below and you acknowledge that any other agreements between you and Forage Genetics International are superseded and unenforceable.
1. BY USE OF THIS SITE, YOU AGREE THAT THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA SHALL APPLY TO ALL MATTERS RELATED TO THE USE OF THIS SITE WITHOUT REGARD TO CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS.  ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS SITE SHALL BE INSTITUTED IN A STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA.  YOU AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF, AND ACCEPT THAT VENUE IS PROPER IN, THESE COURTS IN ANY SUCH LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
2. You should assume that everything you see or read on this Web site is copyrighted (regardless of whether or not a copyright notice appears on all materials) unless otherwise noted and may not be used, except as provided herein, without the prior written consent of Forage Genetics International. Forage Genetics International neither warrants nor represents that any materials displayed on this Web site will not infringe the rights of third parties not owned or affiliated with Forage Genetics International.
3. Although Forage Genetics International uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this Web site, Forage Genetics International makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Forage Genetics International assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Web site.
4. Your use of, and browsing in, this Web site is at your own risk. Neither Forage Genetics International nor any other party involved in creating this Web site is liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, this Web site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on this Web site is provided to you "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Forage Genetics International also assumes no responsibility for, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other equipment or other property due to your access to, use of, or browsing in this Web site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from this Web site.
5. This Site may from time to time contain information relating to various medical, health, and fitness conditions of animals and their treatment. This is for informational purposes only and is not meant to be a substitute for the advice provided by your own veterinarian or other medical professional. You should not use the information contained herein for diagnosing an animal's health or fitness problem or disease. You should always consult your own veterinarian and medical advisors.
6. Forage Genetics International has not reviewed all of the sites linked to this Web site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to this Web site. The existence of any link to such other sites does not imply endorsement by Forage Genetics International of such other sites. Your access to any other off-site pages or sites is at your own risk. No links are permitted to this Web site without the prior written consent of Forage Genetics International. Further, because our site may contain links to the websites of our subsidiaries and affiliates, and to websites that are owned and operated by third parties, it is important to understand that these other websites may have their own privacy policies and would not be governed by this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites owned and operated by any such third parties. Other websites may collect and treat information collected differently, so we encourage you to carefully read and review the privacy policy for each website you visit.
7. Images of people or places displayed on this Web site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Forage Genetics International. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is strictly prohibited unless permitted by these terms and conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on this Web site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate U.S. and international copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and/or communications regulations and statutes and/or treaty provisions. In addition to the rights Forage Genetics International has in the individual elements of the Content, Forage Genetics International also owns a copyright in the selection, coordination and arrangement of the Content.
8. All the Forage Genetics International trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively "Trademarks"), displayed on this Web site, are the registered and unregistered Trademarks of Forage Genetics International. Nothing contained on this Web site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this Web site without the prior written permission of Forage Genetics International. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on this Web site, or any other content displayed on this Web site, except as provided in these terms and conditions, is strictly prohibited.
9 Forage Genetics International will provide commercially reasonable security measures, however, you understand and acknowledge that certain risks are inherent in the transmission of information over the internet and you agree to assume the security risk for the transmission of the information you provide when using this Web site.
10. Forage Genetics International may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting and may also make changes to the content or any links at any time. You are bound by any revisions and should, therefore, periodically visit this page to review these terms and conditions.
Privacy Policy
Updated Jan.01, 2020
Effective Date: Jan.01, 2020. This Website, http://www.americasalfalfa.com, is owned and operated by Forage Genetics International, L.L.C d/b/a America’s Alfalfa.
We know that your privacy is important to you, and we work hard to earn and keep your trust. We have created this Policy to let you know what information we collect when you use this Site, how we use and share the information we collect, and how we protect your privacy.
If you have any questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail at Privacy@landolakes.com.
Definitions
The terms “America’s Alfalfa,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to America’s Alfalfa.
The term “Personal Information” refers to information that identifies you personally, alone or in combination with other information available to us. Examples of Personal Information include your name, physical address, and e-mail address.
The term “Policy” refers to this online privacy policy.
References to this “Site” refer to the Website owned by America’s Alfalfa.
The term “User-Generated Content” refers to all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sounds, video, audio-video clips, and other content you post on or through this Site. One way that User-Generated Content differs from other information you provide to us is that, once submitted, User-Generated Content is made available instantaneously to others who visit this Site. Examples of User-Generated Content include comments posted to discussion boards and reviews of products available on this Site.
Your Consent
Please take a few minutes to review this Policy before using this Site. By using this Site you are consenting to the collection, use, and disclosure of information as set forth in this Policy. If you do not agree to be bound by this Policy, you may not continue to access or use this Site.
This Policy is Part of Our Terms of Use
This Policy is part of the Terms of Use http://americasalfalfa.com/terms.aspx that govern your use of this Site.
4.   Privacy Notices
This Policy may be amended from time to time by “privacy notices” posted on this Site. These privacy notices provide a level of detail that we cannot provide in this more general description of our privacy practices. For example, certain pages of this Site may contain privacy notices providing details about the Personal Information we collect on those pages, why we need that Personal Information, and choices you may have about the ways we use that Personal Information.
Other Agreements
When you sign up to use a special feature of this Site, you may be asked to agree to special terms governing your use of the special feature. In such cases, you may be asked to expressly consent to the special terms, for example, by checking a box or clicking on a button marked “I agree.” This type of agreement is known as a “click-through” agreement. If any of the terms of the click-through agreement are different than the terms of this Policy, the terms of the click-through agreement will supplement or amend this Policy, but only with respect to the matters governed by the “click-through agreement.”
Categories and Sources of Information We Collect
The information we collect and the sources from which we collect it depends on what you do when visiting the Site. The following details the categories of information we collect, some of which include Personal Information, and the sources from which we collect such information. Note that the categories and sources of information outlined in this Policy have been consistent for the 12-month period preceding the Effective Date of this Policy.
When you use our Site, we may collect the following categories of information:
Identity data, such as your name, e-mail address, fax number, work and physical address (including street, city, state, postal code, and/or country), phone numbers including home, work and mobile;
Registration data, such as information provided by you when you register for an account to use our Site, including user names and passwords;
Recruitment data, including information submitted in connection with a job application or inquiry;
Employment Data, including employee personnel file, directory information, ID numbers, contact information, location, and education;
Marketing and communications data, including your marketing preferences and your subscriptions to our publications;
Financial information, including credit card or other financial account information for the purpose of enabling us to facilitate your purchase of our products and services that may be available on our Site;
Transaction data, including inquiries about and orders for our products and services and details of payments to and from you;
Commercial/Farm Data, including geolocation, production data, sustainability data, financial data, and compliance reporting;
Event registration information, including information you provide when filling in e-registration forms;
Biometric Data, including fingerprints for certain employee time records; and
Your feedback, including feedback from you about our Site as well as our products and services generally.
In addition to the above, when you use our Site, we may automatically collect the following categories of information:
Usage data, including information about how you use our Site, what pages you view, the number of bytes transferred, the links you click, the materials you access, the date and time you access the Site, the website from which you linked to our Site and other actions taken within the Site; and
Technical data, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and capabilities and language and your operating system. An “IP address” is a unique number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. It is used to identify your computer’s “location” in cyberspace, so that the information you request can be delivered to you. If you use a dial-up connection or a connection that assigns dynamic IP addresses, your computer will be assigned a new IP address each time you connect to the Internet. If, however, your computer is permanently connected to the Internet using a static IP address, the IP address assigned to your computer will generally be the same each time you use your computer.
To collect the categories of information above, we may use the following sources:
Cookies and Web Technologies. We use “cookies” and other Web technologies to collect information and support certain features of this Site. For example, we may use cookies and other Web technologies to:
Collect information about the ways visitors use this Site—which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page;
Support the features and functionality of this Site—for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits; and
Personalize your experience when you use this Site.
In addition to the cookies we use, our partners may also use cookies. For example, our partners may deliver cookies through this Site or via e-mail that allow them to recognize you in future Web sessions as someone who has expressed an interest in this Site or in our products or services. Likewise, links in e-mails sent to you by our partners may be designed so that we can identify recipients who click on them and/or measure the effectiveness of the e-mail campaign. Cookies used by our partners do not collect Personal Information. They are used to help the Websites you visit understand your interests and to customize the content of the content presented to you. The expiration durations of cookies used by our partners vary and are set by our partners.
Generally, if you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. Please note, however, that your browser cannot screen out cookies that are sent by e-mail. Although you are not required to accept cookies when you visit this Site, you may be unable to use all of the functionality of this Site if your browser rejects our cookies.
Information You Volunteer. We collect information you and others knowingly and voluntarily provide when you use this Site. For example, we collect the Personal Information you provide when you subscribe to one of our newsletters, review or comment on one of our products, or contact us with questions. Some of the information you post to this Site may constitute User-Generated Content. All User-Generated Content must comply with our terms outlined in Section 7 of this Policy.
Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser. We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your Web browser. This information typically includes your IP address, the identity of your Internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings. Generally, we do not link the information provided by your browser to your Personal Information.
User-Generated Content
The User-Generated Content you submit on or through this Site is available to others who visit this Site. In addition, we may use User-Generated Content you submit on or through this Site in advertising campaigns and other promotions. We may or may not use your name in connection with such use, and we may or may not seek your consent before using the User-Generated Content for such purposes. Therefore, you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to User-Generated Content you submit on or through this Site. You should not submit any content you do not wish to make available to the general public, and you must take special care to make sure your submissions comply with our Terms of Use. All terms and conditions of our Terms of Use apply to User-Generated Content submitted on or through this Site. In particular, your submissions must not violate the privacy or other rights of others.
Use of Information Collected
We may use the information we collect through this Site as follows:
to provide the information, products and services you request;
for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes;
to provide you with effective customer service;
to provide you with a personalized experience when you use this Site;
to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to contact you with information and notices related to your use of this Site;
to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to better understand your needs and interests;
to improve the content, functionality and usability of this Site;
to improve our products and services;
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; and
for any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice, click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us.
Generally, the information we collect using cookies and other Web technologies does not include Personal Information. If, however, you have created a user identity, for example, by registering with this Site, we may link the Personal Information you have provided with the information we collect using cookies and other Web technologies, which in enable us to determine whether you have visited this Site before and if so, to make your experience more helpful.
Also, if your Web browser sends us your IP address and you register with this Site, we may link that IP address to the Personal Information you provided as part of such registration. We may also provide your IP address to our third-party service provider who can use it to identify your state and zip code. This gives us valuable demographic information about the individuals who use this Site. In addition, if we suspect fraud or a threat to the security of this Site, we may share our server logs—which contain users’ IP addresses—with the appropriate investigative authorities, who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.
Sharing of Information Collected
We may share the information we collect through this Site, including Personal Information, as follows:
Third–Party Vendors. We share the information collected through this Site with third-party vendors who act for or on behalf of us. For example, we use third-party vendors to design and operate this Site; to conduct surveys; and to help us with our promotional efforts. These third-party vendors may need information about you to perform their functions.
Business Transfers. The information we collect may be transferred to successor organization if, for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of this Site to another organization or if we merge with another organization. If such a transfer occurs, the successor organization’s use of the information we collect will still be subject to this Policy and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.
Compliance with Laws and Protection of Our Rights and the Rights of Others. We may disclose the information we collect when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose the information we collect to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of this Site; to enforce or apply our online Terms of Use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
As Described in a Privacy Notice. We reserve the right to disclose the information we collect as described in any privacy notice posted on a page of this Site where you provide that information. By providing the information on that page you will be consenting to the disclosure of the information as described in that privacy notice.
As Described in a Click–Through Agreement. We reserve the right to disclose the information we collect as described in any click–through agreement to which you have agreed.
Your Choices
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and share the information we collect. In most cases, we will ask you to indicate your choices at the time we collect the information. For example, if you register with this Site, we provide you with an opportunity to “opt out” of receiving certain communications from us. In addition, we will include an “opt out” link in each electronic newsletter or promotional e-mail we send you, so that you can inform us that you do not wish to receive such communications from us in the future.
You may also change previously expressed preferences regarding how we use and share the information we collect. If at any time you wish to be taken off our mailing lists, please contact us at Privacy@landolakes.com. When you contact us, please provide your full name, postal address and e-mail address so that we can find you on our mailing lists. Once we have the information we need, we will remove you from our mailing lists as you have requested. Please give us a reasonable amount of time to honor your request.
How to Access, Update or Correct Information
If you wish to access, update or correct certain information, please contact us at Privacy@landolakes.com. We will respond to you within a reasonable time and, in any case, within the time limits established by applicable law. We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will provide access and correct or delete any inaccurate information you discover. In some cases, however, we may limit or deny your request if the law permits or requires us to do so or if we are unable to verify your identify.
If you are a resident of the state of California or have authorized a representative to act on your behalf whom is registered with the California Secretary of State, you or such authorized representative may make a verifiable consumer request related to the Personal Information we collect. In making a verifiable consumer request, you have rights to ask that we disclose the Personal Information we collect, request that such Personal Information be deleted, and ask that such Personal Information not be sold or shared. To exercise such rights, please submit a verifiable consumer request by either:
Visiting this link.
Calling us at (855) 937-0312.
You, including any authorized representative, may only make a verifiable consumer request related to such Personal Information twice within any 12-month period. Any such verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative thereof.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
If we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the consumer request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you, we will not respond to your request or provide you with any Personal Information.  We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
We may decline to process consumer requests that are frivolous, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. We may also decline aspects of deletion or access requests if we believe doing so would undermine our legitimate use of the Personal Information for anti-fraud and security purposes as described earlier. Once a consumer request is either confirmed or denied, an email notification will be sent to the email submitted as part of the consumer request.
Steps We Take to Safeguard Information
We maintain reasonable administrative, physical and technological measures to protect the confidentiality and security of Personal Information you submit on or through this Site. Unfortunately, no Website, server or database is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will not be disclosed, misused or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of others.
Children Under the Age of Sixteen
Our Website is not intended for anyone under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any Personal Information on this Site. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under 16 years of age. If you are under 16 years of age, do not use or provide any information on this Site. If we learn that we have collected or received Personal Information from a person under 16 years of age without verification of parental consent and supervision, we will delete such Personal Information. If you believe that a person under 16 years of age has submitted Personal Information on or through this Site without the consent and supervision of a parent or guardian, please contact us at Privacy@landolakes.com.
Links to Other Sites
This Site may contain links to Websites operated by other organizations, including Websites operated by our third-party service providers and other third parties. For example, if you click on an advertisement on this Site, you may be taken to a Website that we do not control. This Policy does not apply to information collected on any of these third-party Websites.  When you access third-party Websites through a link on this Site, please take a few minutes to review the privacy policy posted on that Website.
This Policy May Change
This Policy describes our current policies and practices with regard to the information we collect through this Site.
We are continually improving and adding to the features and functionality of this Site along with the products and services we offer through this Site. As a result of these changes (or changes in the law), we may need to update or revise this Policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Policy at any time, without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Policy behind the link marked “Terms & Conditions” at the bottom of each page of this Site. Your continued use of this Site after we have posted the revised Policy constitutes your agreement to be bound by the revised Policy. However, we will honor the terms that were in effect when we collected information from you.
For your convenience, whenever this Policy is changed, we will alert you by posting a notice on our home page for sixty days. We will also update the “Effective Date” at the top of this page. If more than sixty days goes by between your visits to this Site, be sure you check the Effective Date to see if this Policy has been revised since your last visit.
You may access the current version of this Policy at any time by clicking the link marked “Terms & Conditions” at the bottom of each page of this Site.
About Us
Selected for their yield and quality characteristics over the past decades, America’s Alfalfa® varieties produce agronomically-sound, winterhardy and disease resistant alfalfa. Varieties offer high quality, fast recovery and persistence.
Learn More
Sales Tools
Contact Us
If you have questions or need further information, please send us an email or call Customer Service at 1-800-406-7662.
Send An Email »