http://www.henley.ie/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy - Henley Forklift Group
Contact us today01 620 9200 028 9266 6446
Covid-19
Special Offers
News
About
Careers
Home
Products
Diesel and Gas Forklifts
Electric Forklifts
Warehouse Equipment
Port Handling Equipment
Explosion Proof
Long Load Handling
Bomaq Rough Terrain
Inox and Cleanroom
STS Drum Handling Equipment
AGV
Services
Forklift Service
Forklift Parts & Accessories
Driver Training
Thorough Examinations
Fleet Management
Flame Proof Services
Rental
Solutions
Pharmaceutical
Builders Providers
Port Handling
Warehouse & Logistics
Food Production
Concrete
Bomaq Rough Terrain
Contact
Henley NI
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files sent from a website and stored in the user’s web browser while user is browsing a website.
When users visit the same website again, the browser sends cookies back to the website allowing the website to recognise the user and remember things like personalised details or preferences.
More information about cookies and details of how to manage or disable them can be found on www.aboutcookies.org. Please note that if you choose to opt-out of receiving cookies, you may lose some features and / or functionality of www.henley.ie
Which cookies do we use?
When you use the henley.ie website the following types of cookies can be set on your device:
Session Cookies: As you travel around our site, there are times when we need to remember technical information about you as you go from page to page. We use this technical information in many ways to enhance your user experience. This cookie contains no personally identifiable information and only stays in place until you end your session.
We use web analytics services to recognise your browser or device and to identify whether you have visited specific services we offer previously. This information is anonymous and only used for statistical purposes. It allows us to track information, such as how many individual users we have and how often they visit our website.
Functional cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced and more personal features.
Some examples of such features include:
Remembering your preferences and settings such as redirect to mobile version of the site when you are browsing with a smart phone
Remembering your favourites when browsing particular websites
Remembering when you’ve voted in a poll or rated a something so that you don’t do this more than once during your visit.
Managing cookies in your browser
Most current browsers allow you:
Block third party cookies
Block cookies from particular sites
See what cookies you’ve got and delete them on an individual basis
Block all cookies from being set
Delete all cookies when you close your browser
You can visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for more information on how to manage and remove cookies across a number of different internet browsers.
You should be aware that you will lose any preferences if you delete cookies, which includes where you have opted out from cookies (as this requires an opt-out cookie to be set). In additional if you block cookies completely many websites will not work properly and some functionality on these websites will not work at all. We do not recommend turning cookies off when using our Online Services for these reasons.
Managing analytics cookies
Along with logfiles, we use Google Analytics to analyse what people view on our website. Google Analytics isn’t personal information – it doesn’t know who you are.
For more information about Google Analytics’ privacy policy and opt out of Google Analytics completely by using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on  (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout )  You should be also able to use your browser in “private” or “incognito” mode, to look like a brand new user every time you browse the web.
Contact
Killeen Road, Dublin 10
T: 01 620 9200
E: dublin@henley.ie
The Cutts, Belfast
T: 028 9266 6446
E:
info@henleyforklift.co.uk
more
Henley Forklift Group Limited
Unit 73, Derriaghy Ind. Park
The Cutts, Belfast, BT17 9HU
Tel: 028 9266 6446
E: info@henley.forklift.co.uk
more
Products
Diesel & Gas Forklifts
Electric Forklifts
Warehouse Equipment
Port Handling Equipment
Explosion Proof
Combilift Long Load Handling
Rough Terrain Inox and Cleanroom
STS Material Handling Equipment
Solutions
Pharmaceutical
Builders Providers
Warehouse & Logistics
Food Production
Port Handling
Concrete
Rough Terrain
Services
Forklift Service
Forklift Hire
Forklift Spare Parts
Forklift Driver Training
Forklift Thorough Examinations
Fleet Management
Flame Proof Services
AGV/SGF
© 2020 Henley Forklift Group Ltd. |
privacy
|
cookie policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.