https://www.redwingshoes.com/legal/ca-disclosure.html
Skip to main content
Skip to footer content
Due to a system outage, we are not currently accepting orders through our website.
CA Disclosure
Home
Policy
CA Disclosure
Policies
Work Warranty
Heritage Warranty
Privacy
Terms of Use
CA Disclosure
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Policy
Work Warranty
Heritage Warranty
Privacy
Terms of Use
CA Disclosure
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure
This disclosure is provided pursuant to the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010, Section
1714.43 of the California Civil Code, which requires retailers and manufacturers above a certain size and
doing business in California to disclose what efforts, if any, they have taken to monitor human trafficking
and the use of slave labor in their supply chains.
Throughout its history, Red Wing Shoe Company, Inc. (“RWSC”) has been firmly committed to ensuring
its supply chain reflects RWSC’s values and respect for human rights.
Verification. RWSC engages in verification of its footwear and garment manufacturers and all potential
new manufactures to evaluate and address the risk of human trafficking and slavery through social
compliance and code of conduct inspections. These inspections are performed by RWSC directly and
through independent third parties. All third party contract manufacturers agree to abide by RWSC’s
Standards of Business Practices Code.
Auditing. RWSC requires all footwear and/or garment manufacturing facilities to be verified through a
social compliance and code of conduct inspection prior to commencement of the first production and
periodically thereafter for compliance with its code. RWSC has engaged a reputable independent third
party to conduct audits of its manufacturers to monitor the manufacturers’ ongoing compliance with
RWSC’s policies. These audits may be unannounced or pre-arranged. RWSC reserves the right to
internally conduct these workplace inspections at any given time. At this time, all formal inspections are
announced.
Certification. RWSC does not currently require all of its direct suppliers to certify that materials
incorporated into the product sold to RWSC comply with the laws regarding slavery and human
trafficking in the country or countries in which they are doing business.
Accountability. RWSC maintains internal accountability standards and procedures regarding employee
compliance with applicable U.S. laws. Through its Standards of Business Practices Code, RWSC
maintains accountability standards and procedures regarding business partner compliance with
applicable laws, human rights, forced labor and child labor. A garment or footwear manufacturer’s
failure of a company code/social compliance inspection can result in RWSC working with the
manufacturer to remedy the violation, disciplinary action or termination of orders and/or the
manufacturer’s relationship with RWSC, as appropriate under the particular circumstances. Corrections
of the identified issues are validated during a follow up inspection performed internally by RWSC or
through an independent third party.
Training. RWSC is currently in the process of incorporating its company code and social compliance
policies and procedures into its corporate on-line training modules for training RWSC employees and
management on slavery and human trafficking, particularly with respect to mitigating risks within the
supply chain of products.
GP:3119783v8