http://www.brick.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Update: Coronavirus and Acme's response
Privacy Policy
The following terms and conditions set forth the Privacy Policy ("Policy") applicable to the websites operated by Acme Brick Company and its subsidiaries ("Acme"); including, but not limited to: Acme Brick Company, brick.com; Featherlite Building Products, featherlitetexas.com; Innovative Building Products (IBP), ibpglassblock.com; Texas Quarries, texasquarries.com; etc. (each referred to as the "Site" or collectively as "Sites"). The full text of this Privacy Policy is available at https://brick.com/privacy-policy
Acme's goal is to maintain your trust and confidence when handling your personal information. The following Policy explains how information obtained from you may be treated when you access one of Acme's Sites. This Policy is also subject to the Terms and Conditions of Use set forth on the Sites ("Terms"). Please read carefully the terms of the Policy and the Terms before accessing or using any of Acme's Sites.
Collection and Use of Information. Generally, you can browse the pages of Sites without giving personal information. However, Acme may collect some "Basic Information" which includes personal information that is i) automatically obtained regarding your visit to the Sites, HTTP protocol elements; and ii) information voluntarily provided by you by your use of the Site, Click-stream data and Search Terms utilized during your visit to the Sites. The information Acme collects in this way is used for many purposes associated with the operation of Acme's business, including, but not limited to:
Completion, support and improvement of the current activity and content;
Web site and system administration;
Research and development;
Anonymous user analysis and industry data;
Anonymous user profiling and decision-making;
Customizing Content for individual visitors;
Notification of various matters (products, transactions, Site information); and
Contacting visitors for marketing of services or products. (The user must opt-in to this usage.)
You agree that when providing any information, the information will be accurate. Under no circumstances will you provide false or misleading information.
Some of the information collected is necessary to allow you access to certain pages of the websites or maintain the Site. For example, Acme automatically collects standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address (the Internet address of your computer), browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses. Also, other information about your visit to a Site is collected, but may not be personally identified with you, such as the numbers and frequency of visit, pages viewed, the length of a visit, links used, and other website usage in connection with Acme's Sites and products. This information is considered "non-personally identifiable information" and helps Acme evaluate, enhance and add features to the Sites.
Like many other commercial websites, Acme uses standard HTTP "cookies" technology. Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Cookies and the information obtained from you are used to identify and target users; in order to provide one time tailoring and personalized content; research and development; and to analyze usage of the Sites. Cookies make it possible for visitors to conveniently use key features of Sites that may require a login and password. For example, "Favorites" allows users to save images for future review and comparison. With cookies enabled, users do not have to remember established logins and passwords every time they use this feature. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
In addition, "personally identifiable information", such as name, physical address and e-mail address, etc., may be provided by you to Acme through its Sites when you access certain portions of the Sites. Also, information is collected from anyone who posts messages to a bulletin board, chat area, or communicates with Acme via e-mail. User-specific information volunteered by you from survey information, site registrations, and other communications while on these Sites may also be collected. Personally identifiable information is currently used solely for the purposes for which it was specifically provided including, for example, allowing access to secure areas, responding to e-mails, credit card transactions, etc.
PRIVACY. Acme will not disclose personally identifiable information other than in accordance with this Policy. At the current time, Acme does not currently sell, rent or provide outside access to any email, mailing or telephone list to any third party not affiliated with Acme, except as provided in this Policy. Acme does not share your personally identifiable information with anyone unless necessary to perform the action requested by you, except as provided in this Policy. For example, Acme may share personally identifiable information with third parties as necessary to complete a transaction (credit/debit card payments), perform a service on its behalf for you, or perform a service that you have requested. When a third party is provided information in accordance with this Policy, Acme does not allow them to use your information for purposes other than those specified.
In addition, Acme may release personally identifiable information when it believes release is appropriate to (i) enforce or apply its customer agreements and Terms; (ii) initiate, render, bill, and collect for Products ordered; (iii) protect the rights or property of Acme and others; (iv) protect against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of Sites; or (v) if it reasonably believes that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications, or justifies disclosure of records, to a governmental entity without delay.
Acme may also release personally identifiable information if Acme is attempting to comply with or acting in good faith reliance of a law, statute, regulations, court order, government investigation, (e.g. search warrants, subpoena, fraud investigation, E911 information, other legal process or discovery, etc.)
Unless otherwise prohibited by law, any communication or material you transmit to Acme via the Sites or electronic mail that is non-personally identifiable information shall not be considered confidential by you, and Acme may use such communication or material for any purpose consistent with its Privacy Policy. Acme shall have no obligation to refrain from publishing, reproducing, or otherwise using your communications in any way and for any purpose without consent by or compensation to you.
Acme offers links to other companies' websites. Acme does not share your personal information with those companies; however, you are encouraged to check the privacy policies of any third-party websites you visit, as their policies may differ from Acme's. Once you enter someone else's website, Acme cannot control the use of any personal information you may provide.
Security. Acme uses encryption technologies where required by law or contract when transferring and receiving personally identifiable information on its Sites. Some security measures are in place at Acme's physical headquarters to help protect against loss, misuse, theft and alteration of any personally identifiable information collected from you. When Acme transfers and receives certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, visitors are redirected to a secure server.
An important part of ensuring the security of personal information is your own effort to protect against unauthorized access to your wireless device and the personal information contained in it. Acme may require a password to access its Sites ("Password"). In addition, Acme may change the parameters for the Password used to access the Sites without prior notice to you, and you will be required to change your Password the next time you access the Sites. To prevent unauthorized access to your accounts and to prevent unauthorized use of the Sites, you agree to protect and keep confidential your Password, or other means of accessing your accounts via the Sites. The loss, theft, or unauthorized use of your Passwords could permit unauthorized persons to gain access to your sensitive personal information and to use that information for fraudulent purposes, including identity theft. If you disclose your Passwords to any person(s) or entity, you assume all risks and losses associated with such disclosure. If you permit any other person(s) or entity to use the Sites or to access or use your Passwords, you are responsible for any transactions and activities performed and for any use of your personal and account information by such person(s) or entity.
If you feel that this Site is not following its stated information policy, please contact Acme at the address or phone number provided below. If you believe someone may attempt to use or has used the Sites without your permission, or that any other unauthorized use or security breach has occurred, you agree to immediately notify Acme.
While Acme takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your private information, Acme cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access, and makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that it will prevent unauthorized access to your private information. IN NO EVENT SHALL ACME BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES (WHETHER CONSEQUENTIAL, DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, A THIRD PARTY'S UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT (INCLUDING THE NEGLIGENCE OF ACME OR ITS EMPLOYEES) OR OTHER THEORIES OF LIABILITY, AND ALSO REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ACME WAS GIVEN ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE NOTICE THAT DAMAGES WERE POSSIBLE.
Compact Policy Summary. Acme's policy corresponds to the following P3P Microsoft Compact Policy:
CP="NOI DSP CURa ADMa DEVa TAIa PSAa PSDa CONi OUR BUS IND UNI COM NAV INT"
The following table explains the meaning of each field in this compact policy.
Field
Meaning
CP=
This is the compact policy header; it indicates that what follows is a P3P compact policy.
NOI
No identifiable information is collected, so no access is possible.
DSP
The policy contains at least one dispute-resolution mechanism.
CURa
The data is used for completion of the current activity.
ADMa
The data is used for site administration.
DEVa
The data is used for research and development.
TAIa
The data is used for tailoring the site.
PSAa
The data is used for pseudonymous analysis.
PSDa
The data is used for pseudonymous decision-making.
CONi
The data is used for contacting the user, if the user selects it.
OUR
The data is given to ourselves and our agents.
BUS
Our business practices specify how long the data will be kept.
IND
The data will be kept indefinitely.
UNI
Unique identifiers are collected.
COM
Computer information is collected.
NAV
Navigation and clickstream data is collected.
INT
Interactive data is collected.
The compact policy is sent by the Web server along with the cookies it describes. For more information, see the P3P deployment guide at http://www.w3.org/TR/p3pdeployment.
Policy Evaluation. Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 ("IE") will evaluate this policy's compact policy whenever it is used with a cookie. The actions IE will take depend on what privacy level the user has selected in their browser (Low, Medium, Medium High, or High; the default is Medium). In addition, IE will examine whether the cookie's policy is considered satisfactory or unsatisfactory, whether the cookie is a session cookie or a persistent cookie, and whether the cookie is used in a first-party or third-party context. This section will attempt to evaluate this policy's compact policy against Microsoft's stated behavior for IE 6. Microsoft has indicated that this evaluation is currently experimental and should not be considered a substitute for testing with a real Web browser. Acme's compact policy is considered satisfactory according to the rules defined by IE 6. IE 6 will accept cookies accompanied by this policy under the High, Medium High, Medium, Low, and accept all cookies settings.
Changes to This Policy. Acme may revise or update this Policy as it deems appropriate. While Acme does not currently make the e-mail addresses of those who access its Sites available to other organizations, it may do so in the future. From time to time, Acme may also use personal information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy. If, however, users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, Acme will notify you via posting on Sites for 30 days before the material change is made. You will have a choice as to whether or not your information will be used in a materially different manner. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back on the Sites periodically. After this Policy has changed, Acme will only use data collected from the time of the policy change forward. You may prevent your information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling Acme at the number provided, e-mailing Acme at the address below, or writing to the address noted below. You may "opt-out" of such use by emailing Acme at webmaster@brick.com setting forth your request.
Business Transfers. Information about Acme's users, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, as well as in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company.
Communications. If you want to send formal notice regarding any dispute you have with Acme concerning a Site or this Policy, you must send written notice by certified mail, return receipt requested to the following address:
Acme Brick Company
3024 Acme Brick Plaza
Fort Worth, Texas 76109
Attn: Internet Administrator
If you have questions regarding this policy or Sites, you may communicate with Acme at the above address or by e-mail at webmaster@brick.com or telephone at (817) 332-4101. If you are receiving emails from Acme that were originated from a Site and wish to stop it in the future, you may opt-out by e-mailing Acme at webmaster@brick.com with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line.
Other Terms. The Terms of Use set forth on other pages of this Site are incorporated herein by reference and shall control the obligations between Acme and you.
THIS POLICY WAS LAST REVISED JANUARY 1, 2009.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Cookie policy