https://www.membersfirstfl.org/discounted-services#prepaidlegal
Quick Links
About Us News & Promotions Contact Us Loan Center Repos Financial Calculators Switch Kit Refer-A-Friend Careers eStatements
Become A Member
Apply for a Loan
Find an ATM or Branch
Home > Other Services > Convenient Services Overview > Discounted Services
Discounted Services
BEING A MEMBER HAS ITS REWARDS.
Being a part of the Members First Credit Union of Florida family is easy and convenient. And with discount programs like Love My Credit Union Rewards, Group Legal Services Plan/Prepaid Legal, Member Insurance, Virtual Health Benefits, and Discounted Movie Tickets, it’s also rewarding! You’re already getting the benefits of low rates and fewer fees — now get discounts on a wide range of products and services.
Love My Credit Union Rewards
Your credit union membership is about the trust and care of community, built around where you live, work and play. That’s why Members First Credit Union of Florida membership saves you money through exclusive member-only offers through our trusted partners. Through Love My Credit Union Rewards, credit union members have saved over $2 billion with offers like:
Savings up to $15 on TurboTax federal products.
Members save on SimpliSafe, the #1 expert pick for home security.
Save 30% on premium identity protection from Financial Lock.
Exclusive access to the Love My Credit Union Rewards Powersports, RV & Boat Buying Program.
Save on car maintenance + get $10 off your first service using CarAdvise. » Save 40% on a 1-year membership to Sam's Club.
Build your credit history with rent and save up to 30% with Rental Kharma.
Save $40 on Calm, the #1 app for meditation and sleep.
Save on your Travel and Entertainment needs like Car Rentals, Hotels, Theme Parks, Movie Tickets and more!
Learn all about how your Members First Credit Union of Florida membership gets you all these exclusive savings and more at LoveMyCreditUnion.org. Check them out and start enjoying credit union member benefits you never knew you had.
To learn more and start saving today, visit Love My Credit Union Rewards.
Group Legal Services Plan
As a member of Members First Credit Union of Florida, you have access to the Prepaid Legal Services Plan from Staples, Ellis, & Associates.  Prepaid legal services provides peace of mind and also offers you and your family the legal coverage you need for a low annual fee of only $161.00/yr per family. When you choose to take advantage of this plan, licensed Pensacola attorneys will be there for you whenever you need legal assistance, including:
Legal Advice & Consultation
Judicial Proceedings
Document Drafting
Investigation & Research
Please visit a Members First location to sign up for this valuable service.
You can also click here for more details.
Member Insurance
As a member, you also have your choice of insurance plans that provide coverage for whatever happens in life.
GAP Auto Insurance: When your vehicle is damaged, your auto insurance will only cover a certain amount and you must pay for the rest out of pocket. The Guaranteed Auto Protection program covers the “gap” between the two amounts (including your deductible, up to $1,000.00)
Member’s Choice® Credit Life and Credit Disability Insurance: In the event that you become totally disabled or upon your unexpected death, ease the financial burden on your family with this insurance coverage that will protect your Credit Union loans. Purchasing this insurance plan (underwritten by CMFG Life Insurance Company) is optional and will have no effect on your credit/loan process. Please speak with your loan representative or refer to the Group Policy for a full explanation of the terms [CDCL-100905.1-0914-1016]
AD&D Insurance: Members First offers you a $1,000.00 FREE Accidental Death and Dismemberment insurance plan, and you can purchase additional coverage. For more information, click the banner below and visit the TruStage website or Call 1-855-367-8508.
Virtual Health Benefits
The Members First Leverage Benefits Program provides you and your immediate family non-insured benefits that help you save on medical and everyday expenses for a low, monthly membership fee. A few of the benefits included are:
Teladoc: Talk to a doctor by phone, mobile app, or online video to get a diagnosis, treatment options, and prescriptions, if medically necessary, 24/7.
Aetna Dental Access: Smile brighter with savings (15% - 50% per visit*) on dental services such as cleanings, x-rays, and crowns.
Health Advocate Solutions: When medical bills are hard to understand and you have questions about insurance coverage;  helpful, knowledgeable experts are just a phone call away.
Vision Discounts: Savings on thousands of vision providers nationwide, including national chains and local retailers.
More
Learn more about the packages available at an affordable price.
Disclosures: This program is NOT insurance coverage and does not meet the minimum creditable coverage requirements under the Affordable Care Act or Massachusetts M.G.L. c. 111M and 956 CMR 5.00. It contains a 30 day cancellation period, provides discounts only at the offices of contracted health care providers, and each member is obligated to pay the discounted medical charges in full at the point of service. The range of discounts for medical or ancillary services provided under the program will vary depending on the type of provider and medical or ancillary service received. Member shall receive a reimbursement of all periodic membership fees if membership is cancelled within the first 30 days after the effective date. Discount Plan Organization: New Benefits, Ltd., Attn: Compliance Department, PO Box 803475, Dallas, TX 75380-3475, 800-800-7616. Website to obtain participating providers: MyBenefitsWork.com.
Teladoc Disclaimer: © 2020 Teladoc, Inc. All rights reserved. Teladoc and the Teladoc logo are registered trademarks of Teladoc, Inc. and may not be used without written permission. Teladoc does not replace the primary care physician. Teladoc does not guarantee that a prescription will be written. Teladoc operates subject to state regulation and may not be available in certain states. Teladoc does not prescribe DEA controlled substances, non-therapeutic drugs and certain other drugs which may be harmful because of their potential for abuse. Teladoc physicians reserve the right to deny care for potential misuse of services. Dental Disclaimer: The discount program provides access to the
Aetna Dental Access® network. This network is administered by Aetna Life Insurance Company (ALIC). Neither ALIC nor any of its affiliates offers or administers the discount program. Neither ALIC nor any of its affiliates is an affiliate, agent, representative or employee of the discount program. Dental providers are independent contractors and not employees or agents of ALIC or its affiliates. ALIC does not provide dental care or treatment and is not responsible for outcomes.
Discount Movie Tickets
Go out and see the latest movies with discounted ticket prices from Members First. Please visit one of the movie theaters below to enjoy this great benefit.
Theater
Discounted Price
The Breeze 8
$7.00
The Ridge
$7.00
AMC Pensacola 18 (Formerly Carmike Pensacola 18)
$8.50
AMC Bayou 15 (Formerly Bayou 15)
$8.50
Go to main navigation
Related Links
Group Legal Services Plan Website
Love My Credit Union Rewards Website
TruStage AD&D Insurance Website
Leverage Virtual Health Benefits
I Want ToLoan CenterCredit CardsMembershipUpdate Center
I Want toLearn About Loans Become a Member Manage My Account Do The Math Shop
PersonalPersonal Save With Us Checking Loan Center Rates
BusinessBusiness Business Checking Business Credit Cards
Other ServicesOther Services Online Services Digital Wallet Convenient Services Member Benefits
Tools & ResourcesTools & Resources Financial Resource Center Learning Center News & Promotions Calendar Save Hard & Spend Smart Blog Switch Kit Online Applications eStatements Careers Account Disclosures Disaster Updates
BACK TO TOP
See All | Contract AllHomeI Want To
Learn About Loans
Learn About Loans
Apply for a Loan
Auto Loans
Boat/Motorcycle/RV Loans
Home Loans
Personal Loans
Credit Cards
Rates
Become a Member
Become a Member of Members First
Who Can Join
About Us
Promotions
Switch Kit
Refer a Friend
Manage My Account
Manage
Internet Banking
Change My Address
Manage/Pay Credit Card
Redeem Rewards Points
Debit Cards
Travel Notice
Wire Funds
Skip-A-Payment
Do The Math
Do The Math Tools
Financial Resource Center
Rates
Shop
Find It
Repos
Foreclosures
AutoSMART (Car Buying Service)
Personal
PersonalSave With Us
Savings Accounts
Certificates of Deposit
Individual Retirement Accounts
Checking
Checking Accounts
Regular Checking
Select Checking
Second Chance Checking
Community Checking
Loan Center
Loan Center
Auto
Boat/Motorcycle/RV Loans
Home Loans
Personal Loans
Credit Cards
Loan Calculators
Rates
Savings & Checking Rates
Investment Rates
Loan Rates
Mortgage Rates
Business
BusinessBusiness CheckingBusiness Credit CardsOther Services
Other ServicesOnline Services Overview
Online Services
Internet Banking
Internet Bill Pay
Mobile Banking
eStatements
Online Applications
Manage/Pay Credit Card
Credit Card Rewards
Pay CU Members Mortgage
Skip-A-Payment
Order Checks
Digital Wallet Overview
Digital Wallet
Apple Pay
Android Pay
Samsung Pay
Visa Checkout
CardValet
SecurLock Equip
Mobile Wallet Terms and Conditions
Convenient Services Overview
Convenient Services
Phone Banking
Debit Cards
ATM Locations
Drive-thru Services
Direct Deposit
Wire Funds
Notary Services
Safe Deposit Boxes
Insurance Services
Discounted Services
Member Benefits
60 & Better
Members 18 - 25
Members 26 - 59
Members 13 - 17
Professor Cash
Tools & Resources
Tools & ResourcesFinancial Resource CenterLearning CenterNewsletterCalendarSave Hard & Spend Smart BlogSwitch Kit
Switch Kit Form
Online ApplicationsAccount Disclosure
Membership and Account Agreement
Schedule of Fees and Charges
Funds Availablity
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act
Privacy
Mobile Deposit Services Agreement
Home Equity Early Disclosure
What You Should Know About HELOCs
Update Center
Coronavirus Tips
Disaster Updates
LOGIN