https://www.promotional-merchandise.org.uk/pages/privacy_policy
Promotional Merchandise
Products
Carrier Bags
Calendars
Corporate Gifts
Keyrings
Lanyards
Mouse Mats
Mugs
Pens
T-Shirts
Umbrellas
USB
Wristbands
Get a free quote
Find a supplier
Find Product:
Get free Quick Quotes on any Promotional Product!
Your Name
Your Company
Email:
Email:
Telephone
What Products Do You Need? (inc Quantity)
Estimated budget
Undecided
£101 - £999
£1000 - £2999
£3000 - £9999
£10000+
Please tick this box if you wish to receive Promo news and offers
Security question:
Get Your Quote
Popular Products
Badges
Ballpoint Pens
Baseball Caps
Business Gifts
Car Window Stickers
Clothing
Cool Bags
Desk Calendars
Key Fobs
Oyster Card Holders
Paper Bags
Promotional Clothing
Promotional Pens
Promotional USB
USB Memory Sticks
Advertisment
Get quotes within 30 minutes. Based on your product requirements we match you with 3 suitable UK suppliers. Saving you time and money.
To request a quote from 3 UK suppliers over the phone, please call 0151 324 1707
Privacy Policy
Business Lead Connections Ltd (Promotional-merchandise.org.uk) is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. We strictly adhere to the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) legislation in the UK. Please read this privacy policy carefully, the purpose of our Privacy Policy is to explain to you what personal information we collect and how we may use it. By using the Site and any services we offer via the Site, you are agreeing to be bound by this policy in respect of the information collected about you via this Site.
When you contact us, we need to know your name, address, email address, and your Promotional Product Requirements. This allows us to contact suitable UK Promotional Merchandise Suppliers for you based on your requirements. Although it is not compulsory to give us this information, if you do not then we may not be able to provide you with the full range of services the Site has to offer.
If you send an enquiry on the Site, we will record the information that you submit in the enquiry and provide this information to our recommended Promotional Merchandise Suppliers, which may be able to match your Promotional Product needs.
We may use your information to notify you of changes to the website, to update you about new Promotional Merchandise Industry News and Offers and to improve our products/services. We will only contact you with your consent.
Except with your consent, we do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information with any third party for commercial reasons.
We do not collect sensitive information about you except when you specifically knowingly provide it. You can check, update or remove your personal details by submitting this form.
Cookies & Cookie Policy. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. We use cookies that are strictly necessary for the operation of the Site to improve your experience. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website or use the “notepad” function. Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you adjust your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to use or access all or parts of the Site and your experience using the Site may be affected.
Security of personal information. We use administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard personal information against loss, theft and unauthorised uses, access or modifications.
Changes to our Privacy or Cookies Policy. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
If you have any questions about our privacy or cookies policy, please complete and submit this form and we will respond to you quickly to help with any queries.
Get Quick Quotes
Post a Quick Quote
Find a Supplier
Testimonials
Need Leads?
Advertise Here
Promo News
Contact Us
Contact Us
Connect with Us
Copyright Reg No. 07651206 ©Business Lead Connections Ltd. www.blcltd.co.uk | Privacy Policy