http://www.blue-water.com/en/privacy-policy
Jump to content
Cookie & privacy policy
Cookies store personal information about you based on how you navigate through our website
Privacy Policy
App Development
Recruitment
This privacy policy describes how Blue Water Group (”Blue Water Group or “we”) collect and use the personal data which you either leave through footprints and/or provide when you visit our website, www.bws.net, and use the various services and functions we offer.
Collection of personal data
Use of personal data, purpose and legal basis
Retention
Consent
Security
Your rights
Links to other websites
Amendments of this privacy policy
Contact
1. Collection of personal dataWe always inform you before we collect your personal data. We collect the following personal data about you: name, email address, telephone number, information regarding web booking (username) and Track & Trace number.
Please note that some personal data is necessary to collect for you to use the functions of the website. Each of the relevant formulas will indicate whether it is mandatory or optional for you to provide the personal data. If providing the personal data is mandatory, the relevant field will be marked with a star (*). If you decide not to provide the personal data in question, you may not be able to use the function. For instance, you must provide your contact information in order for us to reply to a request from you.
If you provide personal data on other persons than yourself, we recommend that you collect consent to provide us with the personal data from the relevant persons.
Personal data will be collected when you use the functions/activities listed below:
Newsletter
Job application
2. Use of personal data, purpose and legal basisWhen you use our website, personal data is collected and used for the following purposes:
Delivery of newsletter
Recruitment
Track & Trace
Log-in for web booking
The processing of your personal data will in some cases be necessary for the performance of a contract entered into between Blue Water Group and you. The processing may also be neces-sary to comply with requests from you. In addition, the processing of your personal data may be based on our legitimate interest in conducting marketing activities and to develop and eval-uate our products and services as well as conducting statistics.
We note that Blue Water Group shall only use your personal data to send you product information, newsletters and other marketing material via email if you have provided your prior and explicit consent hereto, unless applicable legislation allows us to contact you without such consent.
In certain circumstances and according to legislation, it may be necessary to disclose data to public authorities. We may also disclose your personal data to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
In the event of reorganisation or total or partial sale of the business, disclosure, if any, will in such connection take place in accordance with the legislation governing such processing of personal data at the time in question.
If your personal data are transferred to data processors or data controllers located in countries outside the EU/EEA, and which do not have a sufficient level of security, such transfer will be protected by EU Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses or your consent.
3. RetentionThe Blue Water Group will delete your personal data when we no longer need your personal data to fulfil the abovementioned purposes. However, we may process your personal data for longer in an anonymised form or if we are obliged or entitled to do so pursuant to the legislation.
4. ConsentWhen you use our website, we sometimes collect and process your personal data based on your consent.
You can withdraw your consent by contacting gdpr@bws.dk or use the unsubscribe function in the newsletter.
If you withdraw your consent, we will stop the processing of your personal data, unless we are entitled or obliged to continue the processing or storage of your personal data on another legal basis, e.g. pursuant to legislation.
Withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the withdrawal.
If you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to use the functions, offered on our website, in full.
5. SecurityWe have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to ensure an adequate security level. Accordingly, we use our best efforts to ensure the quality and integrity of your personal data.
6. Your rightsYou have a right of access to the personal data, which we process and store about you, subject to certain statutory exceptions.
Furthermore, you have the right to object to the collection and further processing of your personal data. Moreover, you have the right to rectification of your personal data or to require us to restrict the processing of your personal data.
If you so request, we will erase the personal data, which we have registered on you without un-due delay, unless we may continue the processing on another legal basis, e.g. if the processing is necessary to defend a legal claim or to comply with a request from you.
Under certain circumstances, you may also request that we provide you with an overview of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and request us to transmit such data to another data controller.
If you wish to exercise your rights as described above, please contact us (see contact information section 9 below).
In connection with requests regarding your rights, we kindly ask you to provide us with sufficient information (including name and email address) in order for us to handle your request, and to identify you. We will reply to your request as soon as possible and no later than within one month.
If you disagree with how we process your personal data or the purposes for which we process your personal data, you may either contact us, take legal actions at the ordinary courts or you may lodge a complaint with: privacy@bws.dk.
7. Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content of other websites (third party websites) or for the procedures of such third parties for collecting and processing personal data. If you visit a website of a third party, you should read the privacy policy and other relevant policies of the owner of the website.
8. Amendments of this privacy policyWe reserve the right to amend this privacy policy, based on substantial changes in the legislation, new technical solutions, new or improved functions, and to improve the website.
9. ContactIf you wish us to update, rectify or delete the personal data that we have registered on you or if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you can always contact us at: marketing@bws.dk.
BWS Mobile Registration appBlue Water Shipping A/S built the BWS Mobile Registration app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Blue Water Shipping A/S and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at BWS Mobile Registration unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and UseFor a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to GPS Tracking. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app.
Google Play Services
Log DataWe want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
CookiesCookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service ProvidersWe may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service
To provide the Service on our behalf
To perform Service-related services or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
SecurityWe value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other SitesThis Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s PrivacyThese Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Policy for handling personal information in connection with recruitmentTo be considered, you must register your personal information and relevant documents in our e-recruitment system. We apply to The EU General Data Protection Regulation, article 6 (1) (b) and article 6 (1) (f), as legal basis as it concerns personal data that you have deliberately submitted to us in order to be employed.
Naturally, you must know how we handle your information:
We treat all your personal data in absolute confidence.
Only the People & Culture department and the parties directly involved in the recruiting can access your data.
The information will be used for the current recruitment.
Even though you are not considered for the applied job, you may give your consent for us to save and lease your data to any vacancy in the future. We will delete your application, personal documents and data within 6 months after your registration.
The e-recruitment system is hosted by Emply ApS as we have entered into a data processing agreement stating that Emply ApS solely hosts the data for us and thus is neither allowed to investigate nor distribute your data.
References will not be performed without your consent.
You are entitled to gain insight into your information, and you may at any time choose to have your data deleted from the e-recruitment system by contacting job@bws.dk.
Please delete/cross out your Civil Registration No. in all the documents you want to upload (e.g. certificate).
If you have any questions regarding the above, please contact the GDPR-team at gdpr@bws.dk
We look forward to processing your application.
Yours faithfullyPeople & Culture, Blue Water Shipping A/S
No results found
Show all results