http://www.razzmatazz.co.uk/termsandcondition.aspx
Home » Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
IMPORTANT LEGAL NOTICE
These online shopping terms and conditions apply to all orders which the customer place using our website perfectpillow.co.uk.  Please read them carefully before placing your order .
By using this website you accept and agree to be bound by these online Shopping Terms and Conditions, the Privacy Statement and such other policies as we notify you of from time to time, which together constitute the entire agreement between us. Nothing in these Online Shopping Terms and Conditions affects your statutory rights, either as a consumer or otherwise.
Privacy and Communications When you place your order, we collect certain personal and transaction information (e.g. name, address, email address). For details on how we use this information.
To fulfill our obligations to you under these On-line Shopping Terms and Conditions we communicate with you by e-mail and by posting notices on the Website. You agree to receive communications from us electronically and that electronic communications will satisfy any legal requirement for communications be in writing.
The contract between us when you place an order to purchase items using our Website this is an offer by you to us to purchase those items. We will confirm receipt of your order by sending you an email summarizing the details of your order ("Order Confirmation E-mail"). We accept your order only when we send an e-mail confirming that we have dispatched the items in your order ("Dispatch Confirmation E-mail"). The contract between us is formed at the point we send the Dispatch Confirmation E-mail in respect of those items mentioned in the D0spatch Confirmation E-mail. If your order contained a number of items and the Dispatch Confirmation E-mail mentions on some of them, those items which have yet to be dispatched to you do not form part of that contract.
Children
We only sell items to adults ( aged 18 or over). If you are under 18, you may use this Website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Colors, specifications and dimensions of products : We have made every effort to display the colors, specifications and dimensions of items on the Website as accurately as possible. The colors you see will depend on the resolution of your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will reflect accurately the color of the item delivered. We may from time to time vary the dimensions, specifications and quantities of items displayed on our Website without prior notice.
Right to withdraw purchases within "cooling off" period If you live in the European Union you have a right by law to withdraw from the purchase of any item within a "cooling-off" period of seven working days starting on the day after the day the item is delivered to you ("Cooling-Off Period"). This right applies to all items advertised on the Website except for:
perishable goods and other items likely to expire rapidly
sealed items where the seal has been broken
You may be liable for the cost of returning the item(s) to us
Orders for Delivery Outside the United Kingdom The products specified on this website are suitable and approved for use for customers within the United Kingdom (excluding Channel Islands and Isle of Man). Customers who choose to purchase items for usage and distribution to locations outside the United Kingdom do so at their own risk and have a personal responsibility regarding compliance with local laws.
Prices Products are invoiced in GBP sterling at the price prevailing at the time you place your order. Prices displayed on the Website exclude Value Added Tax which will be charged at the current rate. Where prices are displayed in alternative currencies on this website, these are for reference purposes only and local prices may change according to current currency rates.Delivery charge is an additional cost. Please refer to our Delivery Information for full details.Although we try to ensure that all prices on the Website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of items you have ordered, we will contact you as soon as possible. You will have the option of either reconfirming your order at the correct price or canceling it. If we are unable to contact you, we will treat your order in respect of the incorrectly priced item as canceled.Prices displayed on the Website apply to online purchases only. They are not indicative of the price of identical items purchased in our store or by any other means. We reserve the right to update prices displayed on the Website at any point.Should we need to issue a refund due to a price change or item being out of stock we will need to re-contact you to obtain your card details.
Payment You may pay for the items which you order online by Paypal, bank transfer or credit / debit card securely via Secure Card Payments.
Cancellations If you wish to cancel your order, please contact our Customer Services Department. As we try to process orders immediately it may not always be possible to prevent an order from being dispatched. If your order has already been dispatched you may return the items to us in accordance with our Returns Policy (below).
As soon as we receive notice of your cancellation of an item we will refund the relevant part of the purchase price for that item together with the item's normal postage charge We cannot refund any priority, express or courier component of the postage charge. This only applies if the order is canceled prior to dispatch
Delivery Standard deliveries to UK addresses These are made within 5 working days from point of order.
Specific day delivery to UK addresses These are made by midday Tuesday to Friday subject to availability, 48 hours notice is required.
Please note that if you order a number of items for delivery to the same address, they may be dispatched separately and we cannot guarantee delivery on the same day unless specific day delivery is selected. However we are unable to guarantee delivery will be made by the one courier visit.
We make every effort to dispatch items on time. If we are unable to deliver the items within your chosen arrival period, we will aim to contact you to discuss your options and dispatch as soon as possible.
If the items are not delivered within the time period we specify in the Confirmation Email, please contact our Customer Services Department..
Delivery occurs when the items are delivered to the delivery address you specified when placing your order. At this point, responsibility for loss, breakage and damage passes to you. Should you specify at point of order that goods are left with a neighbor, this is done so at your own risk. All goods must be signed for upon delivery.
Returns Items damaged in transit If you take delivery of a package from us and the contents have been damaged in transit, we will exchange the damaged items without charge to you provided you return the damaged item(s) to us within 30 days of taking delivery.
Defective items You have the right to return a faulty item within 28 days.
Incorrect Items If we have sent you an incorrect item, please notify our Customer Services Department as soon as possible or within 28 days and return the incorrect item to us and specify the correct details in writing. If you would like us to replace the incorrect item with the item you ordered we will send you the correct item as soon as possible or alternatively we will refund the item once it has been returned. We will not charge you for the incorrect item and we must have the incorrect item returned before investigating.
Costs Please return any incorrect item to our address, we will replace or refund you for the incorrect item upon receiving the returned goods.
Until you return items to us you are responsible for their safe keeping and taking reasonable care of them. We do not accept liability for returned packages damaged during transit back to us. It is your responsibility to wrap products adequately to prevent damage.
Events beyond our reasonable control We will not be responsible to you for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these On-line Shopping Terms and Conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause beyond our reasonable control.
Alterations to this Website and Terms and Conditions We reserve the right at any time to make changes to this Website, these On-line Shopping Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and such other policies as we may notify you of. You will be subject to the policies and terms and conditions in force at the time you use the Website or order items from the Website. Changes which we are required to make by law could apply to orders which you have already made. If any of the terms and conditions forming the contract between us are deemed invalid, void or unenforceable for any reason, it will be deemed sever able and not affect the validity and enforce ability of the remaining terms and conditions.
Company's registration name : Perfect Pillow Ltd
Company's registered number : 0568 5346
Company's VAT Number : 877 8512 69
Company's registered office address :
North Liverton Industrial Estate
Liverton Mines
Cleveland TS13 4QZ
Email Address : sales@perfectpillow.co.uk
Contact Number : 01287 644444
X
Ok