https://www.sunovacu.ca/privacy-security/cookies-online
Personal
Banking
Chequing
Personal Accounts
Senior Account
Student Account
New to Canada Account
Career Starter Account
Pricing
Savings
Superior Savings
Dog-Gone Good Savers Account
Bow Wow Birthday Club
Nickel + Dime
US Savings
Tax-Free
Account Access
Sunova Debit Card
Sunova GO Web
Sunova GO + SMS
Transfers + Payments
Interac e-Transfers®
Quickchange
Safe Deposit Box
Safe Deposit Box
SafeStore
Member Share Program
Estate Planning
Sunova Snap! Cheque Deposit
Safety Tips
Online Banking Safety
Password Security
Credit Card Safety
Phishing ‘Phacts’
Forms and Agreements
Borrowing
Loans
Personal Loan
RRSP Loan
Student LOC
Lending Resources
LOC
Mortgages
What You Need To Know About Mortgages
Down Payments
Mortgage Pre-Approvals
First-Time Home Buyer’s Guide
Figuring Out Financing
Renovations
Mortgage Insurance
Online Loan Application
Loan + Mortgage Specialists
Mastercard
Sunova Cash Back Mastercard
Sunova Flex Mastercard
Sunova Travel Gold Mastercard
Sunova World Mastercard
Sunova US Dollar Mastercard
Apple Pay®
AutoPay
Credit Card Safety
Changing your PIN
Investing
Term Deposit
Registered Products
RRSP
RESP
RRIF
Tax-Free
Insurance
Insurance Overview
Loan + mortgage insurance
Travel Insurance
Sunova Financial Services
About
Online Brokerage
Life Events Planner
Rates
Business
Banking
CAS Team
Accounts
Chequing
Savings
Account Access
Sunova GO Web
Sunova GO
Merchant Services
Square Payments
Safe Deposit Box
Safe Deposit Box
Safestore
Borrowing
Business Loans
Loans + LOC
Equipment Financing
Letters of Credit
Mortgages
Resources
Forms
Handy Links
Mastercard
Sunova Business Cash Back Mastercard
Sunova Business Preferred Rate Mastercard
Sunova Business Platinum Mastercard
AutoPay
Credit Card Safety
Changing your Sunova Mastercard PIN
Investing
Term Deposit
Agri-Invest
Insurance
Insurance Overview
Valeyo
Travel Insurance
Sunova Financial Services
About
Online Brokerage
Life Events Planner
Community
Sponsorship / Funding
Sunova Scholarship
Past Support
The D.O.G
Meet the D.O.G
About Us
Our Story
Meet our team
Partners
Annual Reports
Join the Team
Join the Team
A Day in the Life
We’re Hiring
FAQs
Find Us/ATM’s
Contact Us
Privacy + Security
Rates
Become a Member
News
Online Banking
Privacy statement
Find Us/ATM’s
Join the Team
Rates
Contact Us
Become a Member
Privacy statement
Cookies + Online Preferences
Website + Online Privacy
Security
Accessibility policy
Need help? Contact us!
cookies + online preferences
At Sunova, we use services from other companies to optimize our website and our online services. The following is an overview of services we use on this site, including how you can opt-out of sharing your personal information.
To learn more about how Sunova is committed to protecting our members’ privacy please check out our privacy statement.
Cookies
Through the use of cookies, Sunova can better understand how people use our website and share personalized ads with you with the help of third-party partners. Below is an overview of how you can control how we (and other companies) can use your information.
What are cookies and how are they used?
Cookies are little files with data collected from the websites you visit. They are stored on your browser as small text files. Cookies save your preferences for websites to make online browsing easier (for example, they can help store language preferences or items in an online shopping cart). At Sunova, we used cookies to understand how people use our website and to help serve relevant product and services ads to you on other websites.
What is interest-based advertising?
By using cookies Sunova and its service partners (like Google Ads), can show you ads based on your browsing habits. The idea is that these ads are more relevant and interesting to you than a random ad.
How can I opt-out of interest-based online ads?
There are a few ways to opt-out of data collection through cookies and online advertising.
Deactivate the use of cookies for these purposes through Google by visiting: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/.
Update your Facebook ad preferences: https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/
Google services
On this website, we use a few services from Google to help us understand who is using our site and to provide targeted ads based on that information. These services include:
Google Analytics
Google Ads Conversion Tracking
Google Ads Remarketing
Google Demographic and Interest Reporting
These services use cookies to track certain information, which is sent to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google uses this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us to review, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to Sunova. Your IP address, which is transmitted by Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. You can also prohibit Google from collecting and analyzing the cookie-generated data about your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plugin available here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Google does have its own data protection policy which is independent of our own. We assume no responsibility or liability for their policies and procedures. Please read Google’s privacy policy before using this website https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Google Ads Conversion Tracking + Remarketing
With conversion tracking, we can see how people are using our site and if they are completing certain actions. This helps us understand if people are finding what they need. It also gives us the option to provide targeted product and services recommendations and advertising based on a user’s interests.
Remarketing allows us to provide targeted ads on other websites that are part of the Google partner network to people who have already visited our site and have shown interest in our services. Likewise, users that are similar to the visitors of this website can be included as part of the remarketing audience.
In either of the cases, the data stored in these cookies does not contain personally identifiable information. If you would prefer to not receive any targeted advertising, you can deactivate the use of cookies for these purposes through Google by visiting: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/.
Google Demographic and Interest Reporting
Through Google Analytics, this website uses Google’s Demographic and Interest Reporting, which helps us to further understand how people are using the site. In addition, this information helps us to better target our ad spend and build remarketing lists. While we can see users broken into age, gender, and interest groups, we do not have any access to identifiable information.
Facebook advertising + pixel
Through Facebook Inc. we share interest-based advertisements in order to share relevant products and services with users. We create custom audiences using data Facebook and its partners have collected with users’ permission. With your permission, this website may use the Conversion Tracking Pixel service of Facebook Inc. This tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement, which helps us see the efficiency of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes. The collected data remains anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any individual user. However, the collected data is saved and processed by Facebook. We are informing you on this matter according to our information at this time. Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy found: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Facebook Conversion Tracking also allows Facebook and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside Facebook. In addition, a cookie will be saved onto your computer for these purposes. Only users over 13 years of age may give their permission. Visit this link to revoke your permission from Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.
Privacy statement
Cookies + Online Preferences
Website + Online Privacy
Security
Accessibility policy
Need help? Contact us!
have questions?
Help HQ is here to, well, help! Our Help HQ staff are available during following hours:
Monday – Friday 8:00 am – 8:00 pm
Saturday 8:00 am – 4:00 pm
Give them a call 1.833.378.6682 or start a chat session!
chat now!
At Sunova Credit Union, we use cookies and other technologies to optimize our website and our online services. To learn more about how Sunova is committed to protecting our members’ privacy please check out our privacy statement. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of these cookies. You can opt-out of this by changing your online preferences.
Accept
Copyright © 2020 Sunova Credit Union