https://www.emtex.be/privacy-policy
alertcheckclipboardcloseFill 1gluehandsHeartsocial-linkedinlogomobile-logoOvalselectteamYouTube
Privacy policy
Emtex delivers
high quality
Emtex helps freeing your
time & resources
Emtex gives
cost-effective solutions
Emtex ensures continuity and
long-term relationships
1. WHO?
This Privacy Policy regulates the processing of personal data by the controller: EMTEX, the private limited company with its registered office at the Controller Hoogeindeken 8l, 9170 Sint-Gillis-Waas, Belgium, with company number VAT BE0476.262.179, contact person Mr Mario De Witte (mario.de.witte@emtex.be)
The Controller does everything possible to respect your privacy as well as possible. The Controller hereby complies with the European Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of personal data (hereinafter “GDPR”) and / or any future or additional legislation that applies.
2. WHAT ARE PERSONAL DATA?
Personal data is all data through which a natural person can be identified or is identifiable. This includes contact details such as your name and email address, as well as social media account usage data, your IP address, your preferences, financial data, sensitive data, etc.
3. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE PROCESS?
The following personal data can be processed:
3.1 Personal data that we (possibly) obtain from you when using our website
-      Name
-      First Name
-      E-mail address
-      Phone
-      Quote information
-      Comment
-      Usage data of the website and cookies data (see cookie policy)
3.2. What are the lawful processing grounds :
This data is processed when you give a consent (by accepting the cookies or by filling in the contact form).
4. WHAT IS THE DATA USED FOR?
We may use your data for the following purposes: handling the information you have requested or we have received from you; information provision on current developments (via newsletters and other mailings for example) and personalised offers of our products and services if you have expressly registered for this; improvement and protection of our website; and registration of visitor data of (part of) our website and compilation of user statistics.
The data can be used to secure the website.
Your data will not be traded, sold, hired or passed on to third parties. In rare cases, it may happen that Emtex bv must disclose your Personal Data as a result of a court order or in order to comply with other mandatory laws and/or regulations. Emtex bv shall make reasonable endeavours to notify you of this in advance, unless this is subject to statutory restrictions.
The personal data is stored by Emtex bv and processed for a period required for the purpose of the processing and for the contractual relationship between the Emtex bv and the user.
5. SECURITY MEASURES
Emtex bv has developed security measures which have been adjusted at the technological and organisational level to prevent the destruction, loss, falsification, changing, prohibited access or the erroneous disclosure to third parties of personal data as well as any other prohibited processing of this data.
Under no circumstances can Emtex bv be held liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the incorrect or unlawful use of your personal data by a third party.
You must at all times comply with the security instructions, including by preventing all prohibited access to your login details and password. You are solely responsible for the use made from the website on your computer, IP-address and your identification details, as well as for the confidentiality of such.
6. RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECT:
You have the right to view your personal data for free at any time, as well as the right to be informed of the use that Emtex bv makes of your personal data.
6.1 Right to rectification, erasure and restriction of processing
You are free to decide whether or not to provide your personal data to Emtex bv . In addition, you always have the right to request Emtex bvba to correct, supplement or remove your personal data. You acknowledge that a refusal to provide or a request for the erasure of personal data means that certain services can no longer be delivered.
You may also request that the processing of your personal data is limited.
6.2 Right to object
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for serious and legitimate reasons.
In addition, you always have the right to object to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes; in such case you do not have to state reasons.
6.3 Right to data portability
You have the right to obtain the personal data you have provided to Emtex bv in a structured, typical and machine-readable form and/or have such transferred to different controllers.
6.4 Right to withdraw consent
Insofar as the processing is based on your prior consent, you have the right to withdraw this approval.
6.5 Exercising your rights
You can exercise your rights by contacting Emtex bv to this end, either by email to mario.de.witte@emtex.be, by post to Hoogeindeken 8L, 9170 Sint-Gillis-Waas, Belgium or by using the “Contact us” form on our Website, provided you enclose a copy of your identity card.
6.6 Automated decision-making and profiling
The processing of your personal data does not include profiling and shall also not be subjected by Emtex bvto automated decision-making.
6.7 Right to lodge a complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint to the Belgian Privacy Authority, Drukpersstraat 35, 1000 Brussels, Belgium, Tel +32 (0)2 274 48 00, Fax +32 (0)2 274 48 35, e-mail: contant@adp-gba.be
This does not affect relief before a civil court.
7. CHANGES
If a user objects to any changes in the policy, the user should not continue to use this web platform. He can request the Data Controller to delete the personal data. Unless stated otherwise, the privacy policy valid at that time applies to all personal data that the Data Controller has stored about users.
Most recently updated version: 27/11/2020
Team
Team spirit is most certainly a very important and necessary value at EMTEX to guarantee our customers the best possible service.
Top quality
We are very proud to state, and it is confirmed by our customers, that EMTEX products and services are recognizable and stand out as a true quality label.
Passion
To do what we do and to be outstanding in what we do, it demands passion. Passion for company and team, passion for the job, passion for the customer.
Customer
Customer relationships are very important. We strive to promote excellent customer relations by providing quality service.
Check our open vacancies
We use cookies on our Emtex website. No personal information will be saved. Read more about cookies.
I accept cookies