https://www.ljstar.com/privacy-policy/
Quote
CAD Files
Catalog
1. PRIVACY STATEMENT: L.J. Star respects the privacy rights of its online visitors and recognizes the importance of protecting the personal information collected on its website. L.J. Star has made a commitment to comply with all privacy and data protection requirements imposed by both the US Department of Commerce and the European Union (“EU”). This includes the recent General Data Protection Regulation. L.J. Star advises visitors to the L.J. Star website from outside the United States, Canada and the EU that L.J. Star’s Privacy Policy does not necessarily follow the laws and regulations of your home country, so L.J. Star recommends that you DO NOT provide personal information if you are not a resident of the United States, Canada or the EU.
Recipients of our electronic communications who have not affirmatively opted in to receive communications will be given an opportunity to do so. Opt-out links will also be provided in all of our electronic communications and on our site to unsubscribe from future communications.
In order to service our customers and facilitate future communications and interaction with customers and prospects, we collect and store information on our site thru the use of “cookies.” We collect and store only the information required for these purposes. For contacts located in the EU, you will be provided an opportunity to opt into our system by accepting the terms and conditions of both our electronic communications process and website use before we use a “cookie” to collect and store information.
We promise to protect all information collected and stored, and upon request we will provide a complete copy of all information stored for the customer or prospective customer. We will also delete all information stored for marketing purposes, including your IP address, upon receipt of any request to delete the information.
All questions regarding our policy should be directed to info@ljstar.com.
In some circumstances, L.J. Star will retain in its files information you have requested it to remove to resolve disputes, troubleshoot or enforce the Terms of Service. Further, L.J. Star can never completely remove prior information from its databases due to technical and legal constraints, including stored “back up” systems. Therefore, you should not expect complete removal of all of your personally identifiable information from its databases in response to your requests.
2. TYPE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED: L.J. Star only collects personal information on a voluntary basis for purchasing goods from L.J. Star. Personal information collected may include your name, company name, e-mail address, phone number, company address, and your position with the company.
L.J. Star requires visitors who purchase products by using L.J. Star’s web site by credit card. You must provide a valid credit card number, expiration date, name, mailing address, and e-mail address.
3. USE OF YOUR INFORMATION: L.J. Star uses information in the file it maintains on you, and other information it obtains from your current and past activities on the web site, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce L.J. Star’s Terms of Service.
When purchasing L.J. Star’s products with a credit card, L.J. Star will use your address and billing information to bill and provide associated support.
By using L.J. Star’s web-site, you agree that L.J. Star may use personally identifiable information about you to improve its marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve content and product offerings, and customize the site’s content, layout and services. These uses improve L.J. Star’s site and better tailor it to meet your needs.
You agree that L.J. Star may use your information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the site. By using L.J. Star’s services, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, L.J. Star encourages you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications.
4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION: Due to the existing regulatory environment, L.J. Star cannot ensure that it or other third parties will never disclose your private communications and other personally identifiable information in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example, without limiting the foregoing, certain circumstances may force L.J. Star to disclose information to the government or third parties, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from our site. Therefore, although L.J. Star uses industry standard practices to protect your privacy, it does not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will always remain private.
As a matter of policy, L.J. STAR DOES NOT sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. However, in limited circumstances L.J. Star will provide your information to third parties. L.J. Star cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to investigate or enforce laws that exist to protect people’s rights. By using L.J. Star’s services, you authorize L.J. Star to, disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other governmental officials as L.J. Star, in its sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability. Additionally, from time to time, companies and organizations approach L.J. Star to provide services or products that it believes is of interest to you, and L.J. Star may provide your personal information to these third parties, or it may send out notices on behalf of these companies. L.J. Star sees this as a value-added service helping you to find useful products or services. L.J. Star strives to limit use of the information you provide to those offers that it thinks you would appreciate receiving. You must opt-in to receive information from these third parties.
5. OTHER INFORMATION COLLECTORS: Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information L.J. Star collects from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties on L.J. Star’s site or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. To the extent that L.J. Star uses third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy policies. Because L.J. Star does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of that third party. L.J. Star encourages you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
6. SECURITY: L.J. Star will only collect personally identifiable information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve its legitimate business purposes, and it will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information you provide. L.J. Star uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, including “firewalls.” L.J. Star treats data as an asset that it must protect from loss and unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. However, “perfect security” does
not exist on the Internet.
7. MODIFICATIONS OF THIS POLICY: L.J. Star may modify the Privacy Policy from time to time based on your comments and its need to accurately reflect L.J. Star’s data collection and disclosure practices. Please review this policy from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any changes in L.J. Star’s privacy practices. Your continued use of this site will signify your acceptance of these changes.
8. OUR USE OF COOKIES: Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within web sites. L.J. Star uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and for other purposes. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when someone sends cookies. However, some areas will not function properly if you do so. There are many sources for additional information about Internet cookies, and L.J. Star encourages anyone concerned about the use of cookies to do more research on the topic, so you can make an informed decision about accepting them from any site. Additionally, you may encounter cookies or other similar devices placed by third parties on certain pages of L.J. Star’s site. For example, if you view a web page created by a user, there may be a cookie placed within that web page. L.J. Star does not control the use of cookies by third parties.
9. REVIEW AND CORRECTION OF YOUR PERSONALLY INDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION: You can review and change your personal information, including:
a. Your name, company, address, city, state, zip code, country, primary phone number, secondary phone number, fax number and gender.
b. Your credit card number and expiration date, and other financial information.
You must promptly update your information if it changes.
10. ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY: By using this site, you signify your assent to the L.J. Star Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site.
Renew or change your cookie consent.
Email: info@ljstar.com
Useful Links
About Us
3D CAD Catalog
Blog
Contact Us
Site Map
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
User Agreement
Purchase Agreement
Contact Us
Follow LJ Star
INSIDE THE COMPANY
You'll Look Better.
L.J. Star is a customer-focused company that is simple to do business with because it has the most expertise in process control applications/industry requirements, along with remarkable customer
service and delivery.
©2020 LJ Star Incorporated All rights reserved. METAGLAS® and METACLAMP® are registered trademarks of Herberts Industrieglas; Lumiglas® and LumiStar® are registered trademarks of F.H. Papenmeier GmbH & Co. KG; LumiFlo® and MetaPlex® are registered trademarks of L.J. Star Incorporated.. Address website questions to webmaster@ljstar.com.