https://www.invisiblestructures.com/terms-of-use/
Invisible Structures
Terms of Use
Updated: November 2019Effective Date: February 4th, 2020
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) set forth a legally binding agreement between you and Invisible Structures, Inc. (“Invisible Structures”, “we”, “our”, or “us”), and govern your use of (the https://invisiblestructures.com “Site”).
By using the Site, you acknowledge and accept these Terms, and consent to the collection, use, and sharing of your information and other activities as described in our Privacy Policy. Please read these Terms carefully before using the Site. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the Site.
These Terms may change over time, in which case we will post the modified Terms on this page and change the “Effective Date”. Your use of the Site following a change to these Terms signals your acceptance of the modification(s).
Intellectual PropertyInvisible Structures and/or its licensors are the sole owners of the Site, which includes any software, domains, and content made available through it. The Site is protected by United States and International copyright and other intellectual property laws. It is for your own personal and non-commercial use only, and Invisible Structures grants you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable license for that purpose, subject to your strict compliance with these Terms. Without limitation, this means that you may not sell, export, license, modify, copy, reverse engineer, distribute, or transmit the Site without Invisible Structures’ prior express written permission. Any unauthorized use of the Site will terminate the limited license granted by us. The Site and its graphics, logos, icons, and service names related to the Site are registered and unregistered trademarks or trade dress of Invisible Structures. They may not be used without Invisible Structures’ prior express written permission. All other trademarks not owned by Invisible Structures that appear in connection with the Site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Invisible Structures.
Your ConductBy using the Site, you agree not to upload, post, email, or otherwise send or transmit any material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the Site. You also agree not to interfere with the servers or networks connected to the Site or to violate any of the procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to the Site, the terms of which are incorporated herein. You also agree not to: (1) impersonate any other person while using the Site; (2) engage in any activity in connection with the Site that is fraudulent, unlawful, false or misleading, libelous, slanderous, defamatory, harmful, tortious, vulgar, invasive of another’s privacy, sexually explicit, offensive, obscene, profane, violent, threatening, harassing, abusive, or otherwise inappropriate; (3) use the Site for any unlawful purpose; (4) resell or export the software associated with the Site; (5) use the Site for any commercial or political purpose; (6) copy, derive, edit, translate, decompile, reverse engineer, modify, use, or reproduced any code or source relating to the Site; (7) interfere with the proper operation of any security measure used by the Site; (8) cause to appear any expanding button, banner advertisement, exit window, pop-up, pop-under, or anything else which minimizes, covers, or otherwise inhibits the full display of the Site; (9) or use any crawl, index, spider, click spam, macro programs, deep-link, page-scrape, robot, Internet agent or other automatic device, program, algorithm, or methodology, which does the same things, to use, access, copy, acquire information, generate impressions or clicks, input or store information, search or generate searches, or monitor any portion of the Site.
Third-Party InteractionsThe Site may contain, as a convenience to you, content, links, and other information submitted by third parties over whom Invisible Structures has no control or responsibility, as well as translations thereof which Invisible Structures may arrange. Invisible Structures has no obligation to monitor, control, or restrict the use of the Site, or third-party websites or services accessible via links available as part of the Site. These other websites or services are not under Invisible Structures’ control, and you acknowledge that (whether or not such websites or services are affiliated in any way with Invisible Structures) Invisible Structures is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of such websites or services. The inclusion of such a link does not imply endorsement of any website or service by Invisible Structures or any association with its operators.
Separate Terms and Conditions.From time to time in connection with your use of the Site or other interactions with Invisible Structures, it may be necessary for you to consent to policies or terms and conditions in addition to these Terms. You should read carefully any such additional terms and conditions. Unless otherwise expressly stated, any such terms will not vary or replace these Terms regarding any use of the Site.
Charges for Using the SiteInvisible Structures currently provides the Site to you free of charge. However, when you use the Site, you may be subject to charges imposed by your wireless or other applicable carrier. Payment of such charges is solely your responsibility.
Use of Information SubmittedYou agree that Invisible Structures is free to use any comments, information, or ideas contained in any communication you may send to Invisible Structures without compensation, acknowledgement, or payment to you for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products and services and creating, modifying, or improving the Site or other products or services. How we use personal information contained in such communications is described in our Privacy Policy.
DisclaimerInvisible Structures provides the Site “as is” and without any representation, warranty, or condition, whether express, implied, or statutory. Invisible Structures specifically disclaims any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Invisible Structures assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Site; any failures, delays, or interruptions in the Site; any losses or damages arising from the use of the Site, including, without limitation, any damage to your mobile device; or any conduct by users of the Site. We reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Site, and any service or material we provide on the Site, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Site, or the entire Site.
Limitations of Our LiabilityTO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL INVISIBLE STRUCTURES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE OR INJURY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE LOSSES OR DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR SYSTEM FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OR LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA, USE, BUSINESS OR GOOD-WILL, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH (A) THE SITE, (B) THESE TERMS, (C) YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, OR (D) A THIRD PARTY’S UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION, EVEN IF SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE OR INVISIBLE STRUCTURES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER THE ASSERTED LIABILITY OR DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, INDEMNIFICATION, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
IndemnityYou agree to indemnify and hold Invisible Structures and its related companies, and each of their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, and merchant partners harmless from and against any third-party claim or cause of action, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, arising, directly or indirectly, out of your use of the Site or your violation of any law or the rights of any third party.
Governing LawThese Terms and any amendments thereto shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Colorado, United States, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Site and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Site.
Investigations; Cooperation with Law EnforcementInvisible Structures reserves the right to investigate and prosecute any suspected breaches of these Terms. Invisible Structures may disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request.
Contact UsIf you have any questions about these Terms or the Site, please contact us at:
16265 E. 33rd Drive.Suite 20 – Dock Doors 18 to 22Aurora, CO 80011
800-233-1510sales@invisiblestructures.com
Warning: Opens in a new window
Warning: Opens an external site
Warning: Opens an external site in a new window
Warning: You are opening a pdf document in a new tab
Warning: You are downloading a pdf file to your device
Warning: You are downloading a zip archive to your device