https://www.thornburg.com/legal/online-privacy-and-cookie-policy/
Home / Legal / Online Privacy And Cookie Policy
Online Privacy And Cookie Policy
We are committed to preserving the confidentiality of the personal information we receive about you. The following information is provided to help users of our website understand how we gather, use and protect the personal information that we collect online. If you have additional questions about our data collection practices after reading this notice, please contact us at privacy@thornburg.com.
Our website collects personally identifiable information such as names and phone numbers only from visitors who voluntarily input such information on specifically designated pages on our website. We will also collect e-mail addresses from the e-mails you send to us. We will use this information to send you information about our products and services and answer any comments or questions you may have. You have the opportunity to update your preferences or decline placement on our Marketing Preferences page or for non-U.S. professional investors here. This data is kept secure and only accessed by authorized personnel.
To the extent permitted by law, we will not sell, share, or otherwise disclose any of the information we collect online without your permission. However, we may disclose this information to third party vendors we may contract with to monitor our website and to companies which perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with which we have joint marketing agreements.
Your information may also be shared appropriately between our office in the United States and our affiliated office in the United Kingdom.
Our search capability is provided by AddSearch. You may read their privacy policy here.
We use security measures reasonably designed to protect the information we obtain about you. These include:
Third parties performing services for us and having access to your information are contractually required to maintain the confidentiality of the information.
We restrict access to your information in our own offices to specific individuals who have a need to use that information in connection with their duties, and all employees are subject to an internal confidentiality policy.
We employ data encryption, user names and passwords, web server technologies and other techniques to protect the confidentiality of stored information and electronic transfers of information.
In general, you may visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. We may however, use one or more technologies to collect a variety of technical data, which we store in aggregate form. This data includes (but is not limited to) your IP address (a unique number that identifies your access account on the Internet), domain, and web browser information. We may track the page you visited before coming to thornburg.com, the page you link to when you leave thornburg.com, which of our pages you access, and how long you spend on each page. This information is for internal business purposes to assess site usage, and to help us make improvements to its design and content and is then discarded.
These technologies may use temporary or permanent “cookies”. A “cookie” is a small piece of information placed on your computer by the website you are visiting online. It allows the site to recognize your computer during the session, or when you visit the site again. You can change your cookie preferences by changing the setting on your web browser to delete or reject cookies. If you delete or reject cookies, some website pages may not function properly.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into restricted areas of our website or use the literature cart.
Analytical/performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, the suppression of certain alerts or notifications).
Links
Our website may contain links to other sites on the Internet. Please remember when you click on one of those links you are leaving the Thornburg website and entering another website. We are not responsible for the security, privacy practices, or content of these other websites.
From time to time we may modify our security and website procedures without notice, you are invited to review the policy periodically for changes. If you no longer wish us to hold data about you, or wish to change the type of information we send to you, please update your Marketing Preferences page or for non-U.S. professional investors here.
Thornburg Investment Management, Inc
2300 North Ridgetop Road
Santa Fe, NM 87506
800.847.0200
https://www.thornburg.com/contact-us
©2020 Thornburg Investment Management
Loading Video...
ShowHide Important Information
Loading Audio...
...
...
Dividend yield: 2003 is TIBAX and 2004-2019 is TIBIX.
Performance data shown represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Click here for Investment Income Builder Fund performance.
This material is for investment professional use only.
×
Have a question for the Portfolio Managers?
This material is for investment professional use only.
×
×
Leaving Australia section
You are now leaving the Australia section of the Thornburg Investment Management website.
Proceed
×
We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website. Some are necessary to make everything work while others are optional and are there to make things more convenient for you. You can read more details in our cookie policy.
Accept All Optional Cookies
Decline All Optional Cookies
Cookie Preferences