http://www.globalmediapro.com/content/privacypolicy
HOME
Privacy policy
For data protection purposes, the data controller is Globalmediapro Limited based at L27, PWC Tower, 188 Quay Street, Auckland, 1010, New Zealand.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
- name
- contact information including postal and e-mail addresses
- your interactions with us
- your communications with us
- computer and connection information.
Why we collect your information
We collect your information in order to:
- manage your registration as a user of our services
- complete business transactions and fulfil orders
- process payments
- provide updates to you on order status, shipping and tracking information
- provide customer service to you by e-mail or telephone
- provide services to you relating to the warranty of your purchase
- provide you with important information about your purchased product(s) including manufacturer
- updates and notices
- ask you for your feedback and to review your purchase
- detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraud or other criminal or prohibited activities.
We collect your information in order to take specific steps before you enter into a contract; and, it being in our legitimate interests to do so.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on a device when it is browsing a website to enable the host of the website to store information about use of the website by that device. While we use cookies to improve your online experience, if you do not wish to allow cookies then you can choose to disable cookies (for all sites) from within your browser settings.
We use cookies and similar technologies for the following key purposes:
- essential website operations
- performance and functionality
- analytics.
We use "session" cookies which expire and are erased at the end of your browser session but allow us to recognise your actions within a website during that browsing session.
We use "persistent" cookies which are stored on your device when you tick "keep me logged in" when logging in. When you return to our website, the persistent cookies are used to load your session. Persistent cookies expire in two weeks. You can delete the persistent cookies from your browser.
You can control via your device the extent to which your device allows cookies. You can do this by changing the settings on the software your device uses to access the internet. For example, depending on which browser your device uses, you may be able to disable persistent cookies.
We do not use cookies for advertising.
What we do with your information
All the information we hold about you will be processed in accordance with data protection laws which include but are not limited to the Privacy Act 1993 (NZ) and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
We process your information in New Zealand.
We may disclose your information to relevant governmental authorities, agencies and regulators, and judicial bodies, when we are required to do so by law.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your information is secure.
We maintain special relationships with a select number of authorised business partners. For your security or benefit, we may share information about you and your transactions with other companies for reasons including verification, fraud prevention, government policy compliance, order fulfilment including shipping and warranty.
We do not share your information with our marketing partners.
How long we keep your information
We will retain your information after our business relationship has ended for legal and regulatory purposes for 7 years.
Confidentiality
We will not disclose your information to any external organisation or individual except in accordance with this policy; unless we have your explicit consent to do so, or are required to do so by law.
Your rights
You have the right to access the information we hold about you and to access information about how your information is being processed.
You have the right to have your information rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete. We will use our reasonable efforts but are not obliged to rectify your information in respect of an order which has already been paid or passed to one of our authorised business partners for shipping.
You have the right to request and receive your information in a commonly used electronic format (e.g. Microsoft Excel) or to copy your information from your My Account section of our website, so that you can copy or transfer your information to another data controller. You may also request that we transmit your information directly to another data controller and we will comply with your request when it is practical for us to do so.
You have the right to have your information erased if there is no longer a legitimate reason for us to process it or if the information has been unlawfully processed. You may also have your information erased if it is only being processed as a result of your consent and that consent is subsequently withdrawn. This right is subject to our compliance with our processing obligation by New Zealand law.
You have the right to object to the use of your information if used for direct marketing purposes.
You have the right to restrict the processing of your information under certain circumstances, including when you contest the accuracy of your information and while this is being verified by us; if we have unlawfully processed your data but you choose to restrict rather than erase your information; your information is no longer required for processing but is required to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim; or if you object to our processing of your information and we are considering whether we have grounds to continue to do so.
How to complain about the use of your information
If you wish to raise a complaint about how we have handled your information, including in relation to any of the rights outlined above, you can contact us on sales@globalmediapro.com and we will investigate your concerns.
If you are not satisfied with your response, or believe we are processing your information unfairly, unlawfully or without transparency, then you can complain to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner. You can find more information about the Privacy Commissioner and their complaints procedure at https://privacy.org.nz/.
Home
Browse
New products
Reviews
eShop archive
Privacy policy
Terms of trade
Report an issue
About us
Contact us
© 2001-2020 Globalmediapro.Com