http://www.heritageharley.com/read-our-privacy-statement--privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Heritage Harley-Davidson® Privacy Policy
What kind of information does Heritage Harley-Davidson® collect and when?
We may collect personal information from you when you visit our websites or store, place an order with us online or by phone, make an in-store purchase, save your information with us online, contact us with a question or concern, or participate in a contest, promotion, or survey. If we do not collect this personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the products and service you have requested. For purposes of this Privacy Notice, personal information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address, phone number, credit card number, gender, birthday, or personal interests.
Consent:
Privacy legislation requires Heritage Harley-Davidson® to obtain the consent of an individual to the collection, use or disclosure of personal information in many circumstances.
By providing your personal information to Heritage Harley-Davidson®, you agree that Heritage Harley-Davidson® may collect, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and as otherwise permitted or required by law.
When Heritage Harley-Davidson® receives personal information from you for the purposes of providing you with Heritage Harley-Davidson® services, products or for other uses identified herein by Heritage Harley-Davidson®, you are providing Heritage Harley-Davidson® with consent as follows:
To allow Heritage Harley-Davidson® to use and store your personal information for the purpose of providing you with the products and services you purchase or otherwise obtain from Heritage Harley-Davidson® and to utilize this website.
If you need to provide Heritage Harley-Davidson® with personal information about other individuals, you represent and warrant to Heritage Harley-Davidson® that, where required by law and prior to your disclosure to Heritage Harley-Davidson®, you will obtain the consent of each individual to the collection, use and disclosure by Heritage Harley-Davidson®.
Providing Heritage Harley-Davidson® with your personal information is always your choice. When you request products and/or services from Heritage Harley-Davidson®, utilize Heritage Harley-Davidson® services, or register with Heritage Harley-Davidson® website, Heritage Harley-Davidson® asks that you provide information that enables Heritage Harley-Davidson® to respond to your request and/or provide you with
products or services. In doing so, you consent to Heritage Harley-Davidson® collection, use and disclosure to appropriate third parties of such personal information for these purposes, as discussed herein.
Electronic Communications:
Where applicable, we will seek your express consent to contact you, including by way of commercial electronic messages. You can unsubscribe at any time from receiving commercial electronic messages by following the instructions in such messages. Even if you have opted out of receiving promotional communications from us, please be aware that we may still contact you for other purposes. For example, we may contact you to provide communications you have consented to receive, regarding the products or services we provide to you, or if you contact us with an inquiry.
Heritage Harley-Davidson® will endeavor to be compliant with Canada’s Anti-Spam laws (“CASL”) in Heritage Harley-Davidson® commercial electronic communication with you. Should you fail to provide Heritage Harley-Davidson® with the requisite consent to send you commercial electronic messages, or withdraw such consent, Heritage Harley-Davidson® may be unable to provide, or continue to provide, its website or some of Heritage Harley-Davidson® products and/or services that can only be provided if Heritage Harley-Davidson® receives consent to send commercial electronic messages and appropriate and required personal information. CASL consent can be provided or withdrawn by contacting.
How does Heritage Harley-Davidson® use my information?
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
To personalize and enhance your experiences when you interact with Heritage Harley-Davidson®
To enable Heritage Harley-Davidson® to provide you with the highest quality experiences, products, services and motorcycles
To process and fulfill your orders, which includes sending you emails to confirm your order status and shipment
To communicate with you and send you information by email, postal mail, telephone (including autodialed or pre-recorded call), text message, or other means about our products, services, contests, and promotions, unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications
To administer contests and promotions, and to respond to your requests
To help us learn more about your motorcycle and retail preferences
To help us manage and improve our websites, events, experiences, products and services
To update you on membership programs, benefits and services, and to enhance your membership experience
To authenticate you
To establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against any legal claims, or when necessary, to investigate, prevent, or respond to suspected illegal activities or fraud, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of you, us, or a third party
Keeping Information Accurate / Access and Correction:
It is important to Heritage Harley-Davidson® that your personal information held by Heritage Harley-Davidson® is accurate and complete. Having accurate information about you enables Heritage Harley-Davidson® to give you better service. You can help Heritage Harley-Davidson® keep personal information up-to-date by keeping Heritage Harley-Davidson® informed of any changes, such as a change of address, telephone number or any other circumstances.
With some exceptions, Heritage Harley-Davidson® has the right to access, verify and amend the information Heritage Harley-Davidson® has about you after Heritage Harley-Davidson® has received your written request and authenticated your identity.
In some situations, Heritage Harley-Davidson® may not be able to provide access to certain personal information as the right to access personal information is not absolute. If Heritage Harley-Davidson® does not provide you with the requested information, Heritage Harley-Davidson® will notify you in writing and explain Heritage Harley-Davidson® reason(s) for not fulfilling your request.
Despite Heritage Harley-Davidson® efforts, errors sometimes do occur. If you identify any personal information that is out-of-date, incorrect or incomplete, let Heritage Harley-Davidson® know and Heritage Harley-Davidson® will make the corrections promptly and use every reasonable effort to communicate these changes to other parties who may have inadvertently received incorrect or out-of-date personal information from Heritage Harley-Davidson®.
Retention and Destruction of Personal Information:
The amount of time Heritage Harley-Davidson® will retain personal information varies, depending on the services Heritage Harley-Davidson® has provided and the nature of the personal information that Heritage Harley-Davidson® holds. Heritage Harley-Davidson® retains personal information for such period of time as is necessary for Heritage Harley-Davidson® to maintain sufficient information so Heritage Harley-Davidson® may respond to any issues that arise at a later date or as is required by law.
Legal requirements, however, may require us to retain some or all of the personal information we hold for a period of time that is longer than that for which we might otherwise hold.
When personal information is no longer required by Heritage Harley-Davidson® or by law, Heritage Harley-Davidson® will either convert it into an aggregated non-identifying form or Heritage Harley-Davidson® will appropriately destroy or erase the personal information in a manner that is in accordance with Heritage Harley-Davidson® current policies and procedures. You control the choice of receiving marketing information or marketing calls.
How does Heritage Harley-Davidson® use cookies or tracking?
Heritage Harley-Davidson® and third-party companies we work with use tracking technologies (including cookies and pixel tags) on our websites in order to provide tailored advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the Internet. Heritage Harley-Davidson® and these companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and other sites, as well as information about your interaction with our advertising and other communications, and use this information to determine which ads you see on websites and applications.
How do I access or change my information?
You can also ask us to update your personal information by contacting Heritage Harley-Davidson®.
How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications?
Heritage Harley-Davidson® wants to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. At the time when we collect your personal information you will generally be offered a choice, in compliance with local law, of whether you wish to receive promotional communications. If you prefer not to receive promotional information - such as information about special offers and marketing events - you can follow the process below:
How do I Opt-In or Opt-Out of Promotional Communications?
If you change your mind about your current communication preferences with Heritage Harley-Davidson® you can use the unsubscribe feature in a marketing email. You can also contact our team via phone or mail.
How does Heritage Harley-Davidson® protect children's privacy?
Heritage Harley-Davidson® is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet. We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the legally permissible age without prior verifiable parental consent. Our website is a general audience site and are not targeted to or intended for use by children.
How do I know my personal information is secure?
Protecting your data is of utmost importance to us. Heritage Harley-Davidson® maintains physical, electronic, procedural and managerial safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity, security, and privacy of your personal information.
If you have any questions please contact Heritage Harley-Davidson®
Heritage Harley-Davidson®
1616 Calgary Trail SW
Edmonton, AB T6W 1A1
Phone: (780) 430-7200
×
×
×
×
Welcome to Heritage Harley
All Inventory
Social
Contact Us
Newsletter