https://www.g3boats.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Yamaha Motor Corporation, U.S.A. Privacy Notice
Effective [January 1, 2020]
Yamaha Motor Corporation U.S.A. (“Yamaha”) values your personal information and respects your privacy. The purpose of this Notice is to keep you informed of: (1) personal information we may collect from or about you https://www.g3boats.com; (2) how we may use and share that information https://www.g3boats.com; (3) the choices and resources you have with respect to the forgoing https://www.g3boats.com; (4) our collection, use and sharing of other non-personal information https://www.g3boats.com; and (5) additional information about the Yamaha Website & Yamaha’s privacy practices https://www.g3boats.com. Our primary purpose in the collection and use of this information is to further our efforts to interact and build relationships with you, our potential or existing customers, in order to provide a diverse array of innovative and reliable products.
This Notice applies to the Yamaha website located at http://www.yamaha-motor.com and other related websites owned and operated by Yamaha that may link to this Notice (the “Yamaha Website” or “Website”). This policy also applies to information we collect, protect, share and use as part of other technology platforms, web pages, interactive features, special events, forms, social media, and mobile applications. The Website and this Notice are intended for U.S. residents only. If you are a resident of another country, please use the following link to find the appropriate Yamaha affiliate that corresponds to your geographic region. https://global.yamaha-motor.com/link/index.html By using the Website, or providing us with any information, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside or are a citizen.
Information We May Collect From or About You
Passive Information. When you visit the Yamaha Website, we may collect passive information about your visit. Passive information is any form of aggregate data, navigational data, tracking data, click-stream data, or historical data, which does not on its own personally identify you. Passive Information includes information collected through cookies and web beacons (see 4 below https://www.g3boats.com).
Personal Information. When you register a product, purchase products through our ecommerce programs via the Website, send us an email, subscribe to one of our newsletters, or submit other data through the Yamaha Website, we may obtain and collect personal information. Personal information is information collected that personally identifies you, such as by name, email address, mailing address, phone number. This personal information may be combined with Passive Information or additional information we receive from third parties, as well.
How We May Share or Use Your Personal Information
Sharing. Personal information may be shared by Yamaha on an international basis with its parent entity, subsidiaries and affiliates, and such information may be further shared between internal product groups in order to enhance the Yamaha customer experience and offer additional products and/or services that may be of interest to you. We may also share your personal information with third parties either at your express direction, such as when you request that we have a dealer contact you or you authorize sharing of your personal information with a third party business partner. Yamaha is not responsible for the handling of such information by these third parties who are responsible for their own privacy policies that would govern such collection, use and handling of this information. Yamaha may also appoint third party agents in connection with its marketing and survey efforts, subject to a confidentiality agreement concerning the information. In any case, Yamaha will not, without your consent, disclose any such personal information for use in connection with an unrelated third party’s marketing efforts.
Use. Yamaha does not send unsolicited bulk emails or marketing-related communications to anyone who has requested that we not contact them. We send promotional information and communications only to those who have taken affirmative steps to subscribe to these communications or our existing registered customers, who have not unsubscribed or opted out of such communications. You may “opt-out” of our promotional use of your personal information (see 3 below https://www.g3boats.com).
If you have opted out of our promotional use of such personal information (see 3 below https://www.g3boats.com), Yamaha will not use or disclose such information except as follows:
to communicate directly with you in connection with your Yamaha products, purchases or specific requests;to validate credit card numbers;to permit our website designers to develop features and services that meet your needs (see 4 below, including Cookies https://www.g3boats.com;to tailor your experience on our Website, showing you individually tailored content (see 4 below, including Cookies https://www.g3boats.com ;to comply with a lawful subpoena or court order;
California Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement notice for CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in the Yamaha Privacy Statement and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. Other states may continue to adopt privacy laws that may apply to consumers.
Information We Collect We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
CategoryCollectedA. Identifiers.YESB. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).YESC. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.YESD. Commercial information.YESE. Biometric information.NOF. Internet or other similar network activity.YESG. Geolocation data.YESH. Sensory data.YESI. Professional or employment-related information.NOJ. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).NOK. Inferences drawn from other personal information.YES
Sources of Personal Information We collect personal information from various sources:
Directly or indirectly from you through both online and offline interactions with us or with our advertisersYour use of your Yamaha productSocial network informationPublicly available data basesInformation shared by joint marketing partners
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.De-identified or aggregated consumer information.Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Use of Personal Information We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, using email addresses, physical addresses, or phone numbers to process and verify warranty information.To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.To provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.To improve our website and present its contents to you.For testing, research, analysis and product development.As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information We may disclose your personal information to a third party for our business purposes.  When we disclose personal information for our business purposes, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for our business purposes:
Category A: Identifiers.Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.Category D: Commercial information.Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.Category G: Geolocation data.Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We disclose your personal information for our business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Our parent entity, subsidiaries and affiliates.Service providers.Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
CA Consumer Rights The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; anddisclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request and Opt-Out Rights
You have the right to request that we delete or do not “sell” or disclose any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.Comply with Yamaha’s ability to make repairs covered under warranty or communicate recalls to consumers.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, Deletion and Opt-Out Rights
To exercise the access, request not to “sell” or disclose information, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 800-962-7926Submit this form: https:yamaha-motor.com/data-privacy-request-form
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access, opt-out, deletion, or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our website homepage.
Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about this notice, our Privacy Statement, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Yamaha Motor Corporation, U.S.A.Attn: Privacy Office6555 Katella AvenueCypress, California 90630-5101800-962-7926
This site uses cookies to ensure the best browsing experience on our website. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more.GOT IT×
X