http://www.stepan.com/content/stepan-dot-com/en/cookie-policy.html
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Stepan Company (“Company”, “we”, “our”, “us”) uses cookies to collect information about your online preferences when you access and use www.stepan.com (the “Website”). Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser which allows the server to uniquely identify the browser on each page. The Website uses a variety of cookies and other technologies, which may change over time, including
Pardot (see https://www.pardot.com/legal/),
Hotjar (see https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy) and
Google Ads (see https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en).
We use the following general categories of cookies on our Website:
a. Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have requested, such as maintaining a record of your username, cannot be provided.
b. Performance Cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on how people use our Website to help us understand how customers arrive at our Website, browse or use our Website and highlight areas where we can improve, such as navigation. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which your individual identity can be established.
c. Functionality Cookies
These cookies remember choices you make such as the country from which you visit our Website, your preferred language, and your search parameters. This information can then be used to provide you with an experience more appropriate to your selections and to make your visits to our Website more tailored to your preferences. The information in these cookies may be anonymised. These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
d. Targeting Cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising and marketing communications more relevant to you and your interests. The cookies are usually placed by third parties. These cookies remember the websites you visit and that information is shared with other third parties.
Of course, if you do not wish to have cookies on your devices, you may turn them off at any time by modifying your Internet browser’s settings. However, by disabling cookies on your device, you may be prohibited from full use of the Website’s features or lose access to some functionality. To find out more about cookies please visit: www.youronlinechoices.eu.
This site uses cookies to continuously improve your browsing experience. By clicking on "I Accept," you are agreeing to Stepan Company's use of cookies, our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
I Accept