http://www.midaco-corp.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Live product demonstrations available Schedule a Demo Today
Midaco Corporation is committed to protecting online user privacy. In order to ensure your privacy, information Midaco Corporation collects through our web site at www.midaco-corp.com ("Site") is used only in the manner and for the purposes described in this Midaco Corporation Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy.")
User Consent to Privacy Policy
Any person accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Site, either manually or via an automated device or program, shall be considered a "User." All Users are bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. Users consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable User information ("Information") pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Deletion
Most of our services do not require any form of registration. However, some services may require you to provide Midaco Corporation with Personal Data. In these situations, if you choose to withhold any Personal Data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain parts of the site and for us to respond to your query.
Midaco Corporation collects the email addresses of Users that e-mail or submit a customer review.
Midaco Corporation collects the shipping addresses, including relevant e-mail and phone numbers of Users who request information on a product from Midaco Corporation through the Site. This includes Users who register to become Midaco Corporation members or enter any Midaco Corporation contests or other promotional features available on the Site.
You have the right to request access to information we have about you. We will make sure to provide you with a copy of the data we process about you. In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity. We will fulfill your request by sending your copy electronically, unless the request expressly specifies a different method.
If you believe that the information we have about you is incorrect, you are welcome to contact us so we can update it and keep your data accurate. Any data that is no longer needed for the purposes specified in the Use of Information will be deleted. If at any point, you wish for Midaco Corporation to delete information about you, you can contact us.
Cookies
Through the use of "cookies" (For more information regarding Cookies, see below), Midaco Corporation may collect and store anonymous information relating to Users' browsing patterns, including, for instance, the User's browser version, site referral information, IP address, operating system, and other technical Site use information.
The Site uses a feature of Internet Web browsers called a Cookie, which is a file that a User's Web browser places on a User's computer's hard drive, to assign an identification code to the computer and to collect anonymous browsing information. On this Site, cookies are used in conjunction with session variables to track a User's shopping cart and expire as soon as an order is completed or if a shopping cart sits idle for a lengthy period without being checked-out.
Midaco Corporation does not use Cookies to retrieve Information about Users from a User's computer unless the User knowingly and willingly provided such Information.
You may set your Internet Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to prevent cookies from being sent. If you prevent a cookie from being sent, you may limit the functionality Midaco Corporation can provide you when you visit the Site, especially when purchasing an item on the Site.
Use of Information
Midaco Corporation uses the Information collected from its Users to:
Respond to Users' questions or comments;
Administer a User's contest entry or entry in other promotional feature;
Fulfill a User's purchase request and notify Users of their order status; and
Provide Users with important functionality changes to the Site, new Midaco Corporation services and special offers we think you will find valuable.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Unless we have your consent or except as required or permitted by law, Midaco Corporation will not sell, share, trade or give away any Information that it collects or receives regarding its Users.
Midaco Corporation may disclose information about our Users to others if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Midaco Corporation or others. Midaco Corporation may disclose Information to third party in the event that a third party acquires Midaco Corporation or its assets. (See, Sale or Acquisition section below.)
Linked Internet Web Sites
The Site may provide hyperlinks, which are highlighted words or pictures within a hypertext document that, when clicked, take you to another place within the document, to another document altogether, or may take you to a third-party website not controlled by Midaco Corporation. These hyperlinked third-party websites may collect and disclose Information different than this Site. Midaco Corporation is not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of information collected through these web sites, and Midaco Corporation expressly disclaims all liability related to such collection, use, or disclosure.
Children
The Midaco Corporation Site is not directed towards children under 18 years of age and Midaco Corporation does not knowingly collect any information from children under 18 years of age through the Site.
Security
Midaco Corporation has security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Information under our control, including credit card information that is submitted to Midaco Corporation. When Users place orders or access their account information, the Site uses secure server software (SSL), which encrypts all information Users' input before it is sent to us. Thus, we have taken steps to protect the Information we collect from you from unauthorized access. Unfortunately, no system is perfect; therefore, Midaco Corporation makes no representations or warranties with regard to the sufficiency of these security measures. Midaco Corporation shall not be responsible for any actual or consequential damages that result from a lapse in compliance with this Privacy Policy because of a security breach or technical malfunction.
Sale or Acquisition
In the event that another company acquires Midaco Corporation or all or part of its assets, we reserve the right to include Information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company.
Applicable Law/International Issues
Information that is submitted to this Site will be collected, processed, stored, disclosed and disposed of in accordance with applicable U.S. law. If you are a non-U.S. User, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect and use your Information, as discussed above, outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, such Information may be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction. U.S. law may not provide the degree of protection for Information that is available in other countries. By providing us with your Information, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy, understand it, agree to its terms and consent to the transfer of such Information outside your resident jurisdiction. If you do not consent to the terms of this Policy, please do not use this Site, but if you have already provided us with Information, please contact us and let us know how you would like us to handle such information.
Controller
Midaco Corporation processes personal data as both a Processor and as a Controller. You can contact Midaco Corporation at any time to:
Request access to information that we have about you
Correct any information we have about you
Delete any information we have about you
If you have any additional questions about Midaco Corporation’s collection and storage of data, please contact us at:
2000 E. Touhy Ave.
Elk Grove Village,
IL 60007
(855) 593-5668
(847) 558-6720
Amendments to Privacy Policy
Midaco Corporation reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy periodically.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy · Site Map · Page Top
© 2013 - 2020. Midaco Corporation