http://www.seanjohn.com/pages/privacy-policy
accessibility mode: off
Skip to content
Free shipping on all orders over $50!
New Arrivals
Shop
expand
collapse
Shop
Holiday 2020
T-shirts
Casual Shirts
Sweatshirts
Sweaters
Track Jackets & Track Pants
Coats
Velour
Denim
Pants
Shorts
Big & Tall
Fragrance
Sale
Collections
expand
collapse
Collections
Sean John x Missguided
Vote or Die
Modern Art
Basquiat x Sean John
20/20 Vision
Indigo Blue
Dark Opulence
Editors’ Picks
Grey Matters
Rock Opulence
Fight or Flight
Fragrance
The Holiday Guide
Fashiontainment
Privacy Policy
We, at Sean John, value your privacy. Seanjohn.com allows you to buy Sean Johnproducts, enter occasional contests, receive special discounts, fill out surveys, and receive newsletters, e-mails and other promotional information from us.
We use the information that we collect about you to fulfill your purchases and to create a more personalized online experience. This policy may change from time to time without prior notice to you. All changes will be posted on seanjohn.com.
INFORMATION
TYPES OF INFORMATION
In order to better provide you with products and services, seanjohn.com collects two types of information about its visitors: personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth and customized experience while using seanjohn.com.
In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. Personal information is requested when you order a product or service, enter contests or sweepstakes, fill out surveys, send us feedback, and enroll in electronic newsletters. For example, this information might include your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit/debit card or other payment information, and product and order details. With this information, we can fill your orders, and better provide you with personalized services.
If you purchase an item or gift card on this site and ask us to deliver your purchase to someone else, we ask for the recipient's name, postal address and email address. We use this information to send the gift card or item to the recipient. If you ask us to do so, we also may use this information to notify the recipient of your gift before it arrives.
You may be able to register to create an account on this website. To do so, we ask for personal information as specified above. You also may provide your age and gender and birthday. Through the account feature, you can store billing and shipping information and payment card information, so you won't have to enter it again when you make another purchase on this site. You also can review details of your past purchases via the account icon on the top right of the store.
You can create and save an address book on your account. You can delete entries in the address book at any time. We will not use or disclose the information you delete from your address book.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. Seanjohn.com gathers certain information about you based upon where you shop on it in several ways. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis.
For example, this information may include the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website from which you came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol ("TCP/IP") network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks like the World Wide Web use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination.
In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web, allowing web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
PRODUCT REVIEWS
If you choose to submit a product review on seanjohn.com, we may ask you for information such as your name and city of residence, which may be used in connection with your review (altogether, the “Review Information”). By submitting the Review Information, you consent to our use, modification, reproduction, transmission, publication and display of such Review Information on seanjohn.com and other channels such as but not limited to Facebook, Instagram and electronic newsletters, and also in connection with the promotion, marketing and advertising of our products and services; however, we are under no obligation to post any Review Information.
INFORMATION SHARING
Sean John shares information with third party companies such as credit/debit card processing centers, and shipping carriers employed by Sean Johnto perform functions on its behalf including order fulfillment, postal and email delivery, and credit processes. The only information shared with these third parties is that information which is necessary to process your order.
Sean Johnmay share your personal information with its affiliated companies and subsidiaries for marketing reasons. We reserve the right to share information with third party marketers, but only as permitted by law, and will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of such information sharing. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law, and when we believe disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us.
METHODS
SHOPPING
Seanjohn.com collects information from visitors to its site regarding the URLs they came from, domain types (e.g., .com or .org), their IP addresses, the date and time of their visit or order, the number of visits and orders, the number of visits per browsing session, the operating system and browser type used to come to the site, the country, state, and telephone area code where their servers are located, the pages and page titles of its site that visitors viewed during their visit, whether the visitor's computer is enabled for Java or cookies, browser language, applications, and plug-ins, and any search terms entered on seanjohn.com, and visitors’ online activities over time and across third party websites. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors and understand what products and services you might prefer.
ORDERING
When you order from seanjohn.com, it collects personally identifiable information from you. If you order one of our products or services, seanjohn.com will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, credit/debit card or other payment information, order number, referring URL, IP address, page you bought from and a password. It collects this, and other information, as disclosed in this policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order, and possibly to send you promotional materials. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contained and these changes will be automatically kept for future use.
ONLINE SURVEYS AND POLLING
In order to improve our services to you, we may ask some of our customers to voluntarily complete surveys. Individual survey answers are confidential, although only non-personally identifiable information is collected. If you do not wish to participate in a survey, simply decline to participate when asked.
CONTESTS AND SWEEPSTAKES
If we should hold a contest or sweepstakes and you opt to enter, seanjohn.com may ask you for contact information such as your name, address, and e-mail address in order to administer the contest, to send you promotional e-mails, notify winners and make the winners’ list publicly available pursuant to applicable laws. Your consent to such promotional use and disclosure of this information is a condition of your participation.
As a condition of receiving any prize, you will be required to submit an Affidavit of Eligibility, for us to ensure that you are eligible to receive the prize according to the Contest Rules.
NEWSLETTERS & PROMOTIONAL E-MAILS
Periodically, we may offer free newsletters, and promotional e-mails as a service to our customers. These newsletters and e-mails will be sent to you via e-mail and will contain information on how to opt out of future newsletters and promotional e-mails.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you contact our Customer Service representatives by telephone, e-mail or letter, we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with seanjohn.com, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. If you contact us through our feedback area or by calling one of our customer service representatives, we may ask for your name, e-mail address and order information in order to send you a reply.
COOKIES and web beacons
When you use seanjohn.com, it may store cookies on your computer in order to facilitate and customize your use. A cookie is a small data text file, which a website stores on your computer’s hard drive (if your Web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to seanjohn.com. Seanjohn.com cookies store randomly assigned user identification numbers, the country where you are located, and your name to welcome you back to seanjohn.com. The cookies make your use of seanjohn.com easier, allow you to retrieve an earlier shopping cart, make seanjohn.com run more smoothly and help us to maintain a secure site. You will be unable to shop on seanjohn.com without your browser set to accept cookies.
Certain pages on this website contain "web beacons" (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). Web beacons are used for internal purposes, such as to obtain the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, and the type of browser used to view the page. We also retain service providers who use web beacons to assess the effectiveness of our email communications and learn what pages our visitors viewed.
We use information collected through these automated means for purposes such as (i) customizing our users' visits to our website, (ii) delivering content tailored to our users' interests and the manner in which our users browse our sites, and (iii) managing our sites and other aspects of our business. To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before collecting information using cookies or similar automated means.
We also may use third party web analytics services, such as those of Google Analytics and Cyfe, to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and determine how visitors use this website. These service providers’ tools, including cookies and web beacons, allow us to collect information such as the state and zip code from which our visitors come and the IP addresses of our visitors' computers.
OPTIONS
SECURITY
When you access your account information, the information is kept on a secure server. All of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access by physical security means.
UPDATING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
You have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to seanjohn.com. During the online ordering process you can review, change or delete the information that you have submitted. You may change any of your personal information in your account online at any time. We encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases.
Also, as a security measure we "back up" the data stored on our systems, and such prior information cannot be completely removed from our databases. As a result, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our backed-up databases.
PROMOTIONAL E-MAILS
We may from time to time send you e-mail or other communications regarding current promotions, specials and new additions to seanjohn.com. You may "opt-out," or unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in any e-mail you receive from us, or by sending an e-mail to
customerservice@seanjohn.com.
After doing so, you will not receive future promotional emails unless opening a new account, enter a contest, or sign up to receive newsletters or emails. Please allow up to 2 weeks to process your request.
POLICY CHANGES
This Privacy Notice may be updated at any time and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices or relevant laws. If we make changes to any terms or conditions of the Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted in this document which is always located on seanjohn.com and be effective immediately.
CHILDREN'S POLICY
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act took effect on April 21, 2000 and imposes certain requirements on websites directed toward children under 13, that collect information on those children, or websites that know they are collecting information on children under the age of 13.
We do NOT sell products for purchase by children under 13 through seanjohn.com. Youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only. We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Sean John is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children.
CA SUPPLY CHAINS ACT
Global Brands Group Holding Ltd. ("GBG" or the "Company") is committed to legal compliance and ethical business practices in all of our operations worldwide. We choose suppliers and contractors who we believe share that commitment.
GBG takes the risks of slavery and human trafficking in our supply chain very seriously. Like many companies manufacturing or selling products in California, we are required to comply with the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 (California Senate Bill 657). The law was designed to increase the amount of information available to consumers about the efforts of manufacturers and retailers to eliminate the risk of modern day slavery, forced labor, human trafficking and similar human rights violations ("slavery and human trafficking") from their supply chain. Accordingly, below are some examples of how GBG is working to eliminate that risk from our supply chain.
RISK ASSESSMENT.The Company internally assesses the risk of slavery and human trafficking with respect to the supply chain for all of its products. To judge which of its sourcing countries presents the highest risk levels, the Company utilizes several publicly available governmental and intergovernmental resources. The Company continuously assesses its risk as these resources are updated and as new, credible resources become available.
AUDITS.The Company conducts audits of its direct suppliers to evaluate compliance with the Company's Global Supplier Principles, which include standards for slavery and human trafficking in the supply chain. We utilize unaffiliated third party workplace compliance audit firms and our agent representatives to conduct both announced and unannounced factory audits on our behalf. In addition, GBG is also a signatory to the global buyer principles of the International Labor Organization (ILO)'s Better Work program and relies upon independent Better Work factory assessments in lieu of our own inspections in countries where Better Work operates. Current GBG sourcing countries with active Better Work programs include Cambodia, Haiti, Nicaragua and Vietnam. The Company also supports ongoing supplier improvements through training and technical assistance.
SUPPLIER CERTIFICATION.The Company requires that all suppliers comply with applicable laws within their country of business regarding slavery and human trafficking. All GBG suppliers are required to adhere to the GBG Code of Conduct which, among other things, prohibits child labor and any form of forced, bonded, trafficked, indentured or prison labor, and requires compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding health and safety in working conditions.
ACCOUNTABILITY STANDARDS AND PROCEDURES.GBG maintains strong internal accountability procedures, which are communicated through our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics. All Company employees and agents with production, sourcing or quality control responsibilities, as well as internal buying offices and trading companies doing business with the Company, are provided with copies of the Company’s Global Supplier Principles. In the case of non-compliance, the Company examines the specific situation and develops an appropriate strategy for resolution.
GBG associates who regularly visit suppliers are also asked to assess conditions informally while on location and report back any concerns, and GBG Compliance and Production teams meet regularly to review supplier performance on social compliance and discuss sourcing strategy.
TRAINING.The Company provides internal training to its managers and employees with direct responsibility for supply chain management that specifically raises awareness of slavery and human trafficking and focuses on mitigating the risks within our supply chain. The Company encourages its agents, vendors and suppliers to participate in seminars and training programs on social compliance issues (including the issues of slavery and human trafficking) to further raise awareness of the issues and mitigate the risks within the Company's supply chain.
You are Now Leaving the Sean John website
CONTINUE TO WAREHOUSE SALE
Shop Sean John and Friends of Sean John!