https://www.nicholashare.co.uk/legal/privacy
This website places cookies on your computer to improve your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. For more details, see our cookie policy.
Practice
People
The Team
Office Life
Professional Development
Expertise
BIM
Sustainability
Sharing Knowledge
Community
Clients
Awards
Recruitment
COVID-19 Business Continuity
Projects
Arts & Civic
Higher Education
Offices & Workplace
Masterplanning
Reinvention
Residential
Schools & Colleges
Science & Medicine
All
News
Contact
Nicholas Hare Architects Privacy Policy
Nicholas Hare Architects are committed to respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the basis on which Nicholas Hare Architects may collect, store and process any personal data on you as a result of your use of this website. By visiting nicholashare.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practises described below.
We will collect information in two principal ways:
1. Information you give us by completing forms on our website for example when you sign up to our mailing list or apply for a job; and
2. Information we automatically collect about you when you visit the website by the use of cookies (as explained below).How We Use Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
1. To provide you with information about other services we offer that are similar to those that you have already used or enquired about;
2. In respect of information provided when applying for a for a job vacancy;
3. To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
4. To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
5. To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
6. To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
7. As part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Cookies
What is a Cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience.
You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org
Use of cookies by Nicholas Hare Architects
Within this website cookies are used to facilitate features and functions which improve your browsing experience. They are also used to measure the performance of the site and the ways in which visitors navigate their way around. The below information details the cookies we use, how to prevent these being written and the impact of doing so on your browsing experience.
Cookie Policy
Disclosure of your information
You agree that:
We have the right to share your personal information with analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site and, in the case of information provided by you on in relation to a job application, with others with whom we may need to verify the information you supply.We may disclose your personal information to third parties in the event that:We sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or asset;If Nicholas Hare Architects or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Nicholas Hare Architects, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right at any time by contacting us directly.
GDPR gives you the right to access information held about you. This is commonly called subject access and can be exercised in accordance with the regulation.
GDPR also give you the right to have personal data erased, this it known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and can be exercised in accordance with the regulation.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@nicholashare.co.uk
Get in touch
Nicholas Hare Architects LLP
registered address:
Sixth Floor, 22-25 Farringdon Street
London
EC4A 4AB
+44 (0) 20 7619 1670
info@nicholashare.co.uk
Keep in touch for news and events
Privacy
Cookies
Site by Ten4
Search…
Search