http://www.capitasymonds.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Previous
Next
Hide image
Cookie Policy
We use a minimal number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
The list below describe the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for. Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete the cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.).
You should also read our privacy policy in conjunction with this information about cookies.
First Party Cookies
These are cookies that are set by this website directly.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information.  We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en-GB
Visitors may choose to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking with the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
Umbraco: Our websites runs on Umbraco CMS and cookies are used to store basic data on your interactions. More information on session cookies and what they are used for at
More information on session cookies and what they are used for at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/session-cookies-used-for.html
Third Party Cookies
These are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site allow visitors to share content onto social networks. Cookies are currently set by Twitter, Facebook, YouTube. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of our website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website.
You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
First party analytics cookies
Cookies used
Google
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmv, _utmz, PREF
Third Party Cookies
Cookies used
youtube.com
APISID, CONSENT, HSID, LOGIN_INFO, PREF, SAPISID, SID, SSID, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, YSC
Functional Cookies
Cookies used
capitaproperty.co.uk
ASP.NET_SessionId
Further information about restricting cookies
If you would like to restrict the use of cookies you can control this in your Internet browser. Links to advice on how to do this for the most popular Internet browsers are provided below for convenience and will be available for the Internet browser of your choice either online or via the software help (normally available via key F1).
Internet Explorer http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/windows7/Block-enable-or-allow-cookies
Google Chromehttps://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en-GB&answer=95647&p=cpn_cookies
Firefoxhttp://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Blocking%20cookies
Share
About us
Location
Contact us now
Close X
About us
Across the UK, our clients rely on us every day to de-risk, simplify, and un-complicate things. How? With the right team and the right solution – on time, and on budget.
Working with public and private sector organisations, we provide specialist project and cost management, engineering and design, health and safety, and environmental solutions. We do things differently, specialising in infrastructure – the physical networks which keep the country moving, as well as the social infrastructure which creates communities people want to be a part of – and in building solutions, from architectural innovation to sustainable and technologically advanced design and delivery.
Close X
Locations
Close X
Contact us
First name:
*
Surname:
*
Email:
*
Telephone:
Your privacy
The information you provide will only be used to respond to the question or in relation to a specific comment you have submitted, or will be passed directly to the relevant business unit within Capita Real estate and infrastructure in order to provide you with a response. We will only retain this information for the purposes of responding to your enquiry, and for information on our communication history with you (or the organisation you represent) should you contact us again.
By submitting your personal information through this form, you are consenting to it being processed in the manner described above and to being contacted in relation to your enquiry, using the details you provided. See our privacy notice for more information on how we take care of your information.
Area of enquiry:
*
Highways
Rail
Aviation
Water, Power and Gas
Buildings
Flood Protection
Careers
Accounts
Subject Access Request
Other
Message:
Capita plc65 Gresham StreetLondon EC2V 7NQ+44(0)207 7094500
Close X
About Us
Across the UK, our clients rely on us every day to de-risk, simplify, and un-complicate things. How? With the right team and the right solution – on time, and on budget.
Working with public and private sector organisations, we provide specialist project and cost management, engineering and design, health and safety, and environmental solutions. We do things differently, specialising in infrastructure – the physical networks which keep the country moving, as well as the social infrastructure which creates communities people want to be a part of – and in building solutions, from architectural innovation to sustainable and technologically advanced design and delivery.
Close X
Locations
Creating tomorrow's prosperous and connected places