http://www.fpe-ltd.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | FPE Seals Ltd
Coronavirus (COVID-19) update: All of our branches are open for business, with appropriate social distancing and hygiene measures in place to protect the safety and welfare of our staff, customers and suppliers.
All contractors and visitors to our sites must complete a standard brief questionnaire regarding certain high-risk COVID-19 transmission factors before they will be allowed on site.
Dismiss
Home
About
Contact
Downloads
Catalogue Info
Glossary of Tech Terms
Materials Compatibility
Fitting Tips
Seal Failure Causes
Swan Seals - Machined Seal Profiles
Credit Application Form
Covid 19
Visitor & Contractor Form
Our Service
Register
Log In
+44 (0)1325 282732
sales@fpeseals.com
Seals
Guide (Bearing) Rings
Piston Seals
Pneumatic Seals
Rod (Gland) Seals
Rotary (Oil) Seals
Static Seals
Wiper (Scraper) Seals
Cylinder Parts
Ancillary Components
Cylinder Components
Associated Products
Accessories
Adhesives
Tools
O Ring Kits
Assortment Boxes
Seal Kits
Seal Kits
Gaskets & Jointing
Express Machined Seals
About
Contact
Downloads
Our Service
Register
Log In
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
FPE Seals Ltd Website Privacy Notice
Key Summary
If you are browsing this website, the Company will
not collect any personal information about you. This website only collects data
that you enter into the website, for example, if you sign up for email alerts
or if you submit the feedback form. If you subscribe to any of this mailing
lists (e.g. email alerts), the Company will use your information to send you
the information you have requested.
The Company uses cookies which collect information
about the usage and performance of this website. The information that the
cookies collect is anonymous, other than your IP address. The Company uses this
information to analyse usage of this website by visitors to improve its
performance and to inform decisions about content, layout and operation of the
website and this services or products.
This notice explains what data the Company processes,
why, how it is legal and your rights.
About the Company and this Notice
This Privacy Notice
applies to personal data collected through this website www.fpeseals.co.uk
This Privacy
Notice is provided by FPE Seals Ltd (“the Company”). The Company is a 'controller'
for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679
("Data Protection Laws").
The Company takes your privacy very seriously.  The Company asks that you read this Privacy
Notice carefully as it contains important information about this processing and
your rights.
How to contact the Company
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, how the Company handles your personal
data, or want to exercise any of your rights, please contact:
C. Southwood,
Finance DirectorAddress: 7 Barrington Way, Darlington, DL1 4WF, UKTelephone
number: +44 1325 282732Email: c.southwood@fpeseals.co.uk
Changes to
the Privacy Notice
The Company may change this Privacy Notice from
time to time. You should check this Privacy Notice occasionally to ensure you
are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access this website.
What personal data does the Company collect and why?
Personal
data provided by you
Visitors only
If you are browsing this website the Company will
not collect personal data, other than your IP address collected through cookies.
The Company will collect information about your
usage of this website through cookies.
Please see the Company’s Cookie Policy: https://www.fpeseals.co.uk/cookies/ This information is statistical and aggregated and
is not processed for the purpose of understanding your particular usage of the
website. The Company collects this information so that the Company can:
tailor and
personalise user experience;monitor this
website usage to improve its content, layout and performance; and improve
services.
Information you submit
The Company processes personal information about
you (such as your name, address, email address and telephone number and
anything else that you provide to the Company) when you contact the Company by
filling in a feedback form in order
to respond to the enquiry or complaint you are making.
The Company also collects personal information when
you contact the Company, send the Company feedback or complete surveys which the
Company uses to improve services in the future.
News Alerts
If you sign up to receive news emails, the Company
will use your name and email address to send you the material you have
requested.
You can unsubscribe at any time by contacting the
Company using the details set out above or clicking the "unsubscribe"
link in the emails that you receive.
Sensitive personal data provided by you
The Company does
not collect any sensitive personal data about you.
Personal
information about other individuals
If you give the Company information on behalf of
someone else, you confirm that the other person has appointed you to act on their
behalf and has agreed that you can.
How is
processing your Personal Data lawful?
The Company is
allowed to process your personal data on the basis that it is in the legitimate
interests to:
Monitor how this
website is used in order to improve it. The Company uses aggregated data to do
this so it does not impact on your privacy;Respond to
enquiries, complaints and requests in order to serve its stakeholders
(including shareholders). The Company will only use your personal data for this
purpose. If you are an existing shareholder, the Company may add information
about the enquiry, complaint or request to other records the Company holds
about you so the Company can provide a better service; andSend you
materials you have requested, using the data you have provided.
Please be aware
that you have the right to
object to the processing of your data of any of the legitimate interests
identified.
Who
will have access to your Personal Data?
Like any business, the Company uses service
providers to operate this website, such as website hosting and enquiry
functionality. Some of these service providers will process your data as part
of the services they offer to the Company. The Company take steps to ensure
that this service providers treat your data in accordance with the law, only
use it in accordance with this contract with them and keep it secure.
How
the Company keeps your data secure
The Company strives to
implement appropriate technical and organisational measures in order to protect
your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss
or alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access and any other unlawful forms
of processing. The Company aims to ensure that the level of security and the
measures adopted to protect your personal data are appropriate for the risks
presented by the nature and use of your personal data. The Company follows
recognised industry practices for protecting this IT environment and physical
facilities.
When will the Company delete your data?
The table below provides details about how long the
Company will process your data.
Data the Company processes
How long this will be held for
Cookies /
Analytics data
For a
period of up to six years.
Information
from feedback forms
Until the
feedback has been dealt with and no further responses are received for a
reasonable period.
Enquiries
and Complaints data
For a
period of up to 6 years after resolution of the enquiry or complaint.
News requests
Until you tell the Company that you no longer wish to receive the news
material.
Your Rights
As a data
subject, you have the following legal rights:
the right of
access to personal data relating to you the right to
correct any mistakes in your informationthe right to
prevent your personal data being processed in some circumstancesthe right to
object to processing of your data where processed on the grounds of legitimate
intereststhe right to
erasure in some circumstances
If you would
like to exercise your rights, please contact the Company using the details set
out above.
The Company will
respond to any rights that you exercise within a month of receiving your
request, unless the request is particularly complex, in which case the Company
will respond within three months.
Please note that
exceptions apply to some of these rights, which the Company will apply in
accordance with the law.
Complaints to the regulator
If you do not
think that the Company has processed your data in accordance with this Privacy
Notice, you should let the Company know as soon as possible. You also have the
right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office. Information about
how to do this is available on his website at www.ico.org.uk.
Darlington
T: +44 (0)1325 282732
F: +44 (0)1325 381815
E: sales@fpeseals.com
Doncaster
T: +44 (0)1302 727252
F: +44 (0)1302 330794
E: doncaster@fpeseals.com
Aberdeen
T: +44 (0)1224 648999
F: +44 (0)1224 648849
E: sales@swanseals.co.uk
The Netherlands
T: +31 (0)1625 81060
F: +31 (0)1625 22858
E: info@fpesealsbv.com
FPE Seals Ltd
Barrington Way, Darlington, Co Durham, DL1 4WF
T: +44 (0)1325 282732
F: +44 (0)1325 381815
E: sales@fpeseals.com
FPE Seals
Blog
Careers
Locations
Locations
Aberdeen
Darlington
Doncaster
FPE Seals Benelux
Legal
Cookies
Privacy Policy
Despatch & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
Covid 19 Risk Assessment
Modern Slavery Statement
Website created by hush.digital