http://www.mode.com/privacy/
Mode Analytics
Compare Plans
Product
Customers
Resources
Company
Sign
Up
Sign In
SQL Editor
Query your connected data sources with SQL
Notebooks
Use Python and R for advanced analysis
Reports & Dashboards
Present and share customizable data visualizations
Support
Find documentation, support, and answers
Helix data engine
Embedded
analytics
Integrations
Security
Slack
Resource Center
The data scientist toolbox
Learn SQL
Answer data questions with SQL
Learn Python
Analyze business data with Python
Gallery
Explore example analysis and visualization
Blog
Data newsletter
ROI Calculator
Help & Support
Developer
Contact us
Careers
About
Us
Team
Values
Mode Analytics
Sign
Up
Sign In
Compare Plans
Product
SQL Editor
Query your connected data sources with SQL
Notebooks
Use Python and R for advanced analysis
Reports & Dashboards
Present and share customizable data visualizations
Support
Find documentation, support, and answers
Helix data engine
Embedded analytics
Integrations
Security
Slack
Customers
Resources
Resource Center
The data scientist toolbox
Learn SQL
Answer data questions with SQL
Learn Python
Analyze business data with Python
Gallery
Explore example analysis and visualizations
Blog
Data newsletter
ROI Calculator
Help & Support
Developer
Contact us
Company
About Us
Team
Values
Careers
Mode Privacy Policy
Last Modified: August 12, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes the personal information and certain other information that we obtain through the Mode
website (the “Site”) or through our data analysis product available on this Site (the “Service”), as well as how we
use such information, the means by which we maintain it, and the choices you have about the information. Please read
this Privacy Policy carefully.
Note that by accessing this Site or the Service, you accept the practices and terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site or the Service.
1. Collection of Personal Information
When you use our Services, we may collect or receive personal information about you to provide our services and
operate our business. The types of personal information that we may collect about you are:
Information You Provide to Us Directly
User Profile – When you sign up for your Mode account, we collect basic information about
you. This includes information such as name, email address, and password. You may also set up your profile on the
Service and submit certain information to be displayed on your profile. This may include a photo of you, a short
bio, links to your presence on other social media sites, and other information that you think other users might want
to know about you. The information that you submit for display in your profile, including any personal information,
will be viewable by other users of the Service.
Uploaded Content – As a registered user you may upload data to the Service or post various
queries, comments, analyses and other content on the data or work made available on the Service by other users. This
content that you provide to the Service (“Your Content”) will be viewable by other users of the Service in
accordance with the privacy settings that you specify when uploading, posting or otherwise creating Your Content on
the Service in either Mode’s public or private function, as described in our Terms of Service.
For avoidance of doubt,
Your Content on the Service in Mode’s public function is deemed a contribution to the community and Mode will treat such
information as public information.
Payment Information – When you register for the premium Service, which is described more
fully in our Terms of Service, we may collect all the information necessary to
complete the transaction, including your name, credit card information, billing information and shipping
information.
Surveys or Promotions – From time-to-time, we invite our customers and users to
participate in surveys, promotions or contests. When a customer or a user participates, we request certain personal
information such as name and email address.
Correspondence - If you correspond with us via email, we may gather in a file specific to
you the information that you submit. This includes information provided for support purposes.
Information Collected Automatically
We also may receive and store certain information about you and your device(s) automatically when you access or use
our Site and Service. This information may include:
Technical Information – We collect technical information associated with your activity
on our Site and may include information related to your browser and operating system, IP address (the Internet
address of your computer) unique device identifiers, and other information such as your device type.
Site Usage Information – We collect information to better understand customer traffic
patterns and Site usage. This may include the webpage that you were visiting before accessing our Site or mobile
application, the pages or features of our Site or mobile application you browsed to inform us which part of our
Site, app and Service you visit and how much time you spend there.
Site Preferences and Cookies – We collect information about your preferences to make
your use of the Site more productive through the use of cookies. Cookies are intended to make using the Service
and this Site easier by, among other things, saving your preferences for you. For details of how we use cookies
for this purpose, please review our Cookie
policy.
Information Collected From Third-Party Services
We implement certain third-party offerings in the Service, enabling such third parties to collect information about
you or your online activities across different websites and over time through your use of the Service. This includes
enrichment information in support of direct marketing campaigns. Information collected may include, but is not
limited to, personal information such as demographic data, social media profiles, and contact information.
2. Use of Your Personal Information
We may use the information we collect or receive about you for various purposes.
To Provide You With Our Services
We use your information to provide you the Service. For example, we use credit card information to complete a
transaction and this information may be shared with third party vendors who process and fulfill your purchases. When
you submit credit card numbers, the information is processed by our third party vendors.
To Maintain, Improve, and Personalize the Services
We use technical information about your visits for diagnostic and statistical purposes and to administer our Service.
Your usage information is used to analyze and improve our Site and to provide our customers with a better user
experience. We may use your site preferences in aggregate form to help diagnose problems with the Site and Service,
and to improve and personalize the Service. For example, we may use cookies to deliver content tailored to your
interests.
To Communicate with You
We may also use the information you provide to communicate with you, provide recommendations, and to promote the
Service, unless you inform us that you opt out from receiving such communications.
For Our Business Purposes
We may use your information for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect or receive the information,
or otherwise with your consent.
3. Sharing of Your Personal Information
We may disclose personal or other information collected about you through the Service or this Site in any of the
following situations:
Authorized Users of the Service: In furtherance of providing the Service, Mode may disclose certain
information collected about you through the Service to other users of the Service authorized to receive such
information.
Affiliates and Service Providers: We may disclose information that we collect about you to our corporate affiliates, and to third-party
contractors who perform services for Mode in connection with the Site and/or the Service or to complete or confirm a
transaction that you conduct with us. We contractually require these affiliates and third parties to keep personal
information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. As noted, information
about you collected by third-party services integrated with the Site or the Service will be disclosed to such third
parties.
Other Users of the Service and the Public:
We may provide functionality that enables you to disclose
personal information to other users of the service or the public.
For example, any information submitted using Mode’s
public function will be accessible by other Service users and the public.
We do not control how other users or the public
may use any personal information that you make available.
In Aggregate: We may disclose the results of aggregated data about you and other users without
restriction. In these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to
personally identify you.
Corporate Transaction: We may disclose information about you as part of a merger, acquisition or
other sale or transfer of all or substantially all of Mode's assets or business (or a potential corporate transaction).
When Required by Law:
We may disclose information about you to the government or to third parties
under certain circumstances when legally obligated to do so. We reserve the right to release information collected
through the Service or this Site to law enforcement, public authorities or other government officials as deemed
necessary in our sole discretion.
Enforce our Terms:
We may disclose any information that we believe is necessary to enforce or apply
our Terms of Service and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Mode, our employees, our
users, or others.
With Your Consent:
We may disclose information for any other purpose with your consent.
4. Security of Your Information
Security is very important to us. We encourage you to read our security documentation, available here.
To help protect the privacy of data we collect through the Service, we employ measures intended to be consistent with
industry best practices for security and encryption in data transmission and storage. However, you should keep in
mind that the Site and the Service are run on software, hardware and networks, any component of which may, from time
to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security beyond our control. We process payments
securely using an industry-accepted Payment Gateway, and do not store any billing information on our own servers.
Please also be aware that despite our best efforts to ensure the security of your data, we cannot guarantee that
your information will be 100% secure.
Please recognize that protecting your personal information is also your responsibility. We urge you to take every
precaution to protect your information when you are on the Internet, such as using a strong password which is a
combination of letters and numbers. If you have reason to believe that the security of your account might have been
compromised (for example, your password has been leaked), or if you suspect someone else is using your account,
please let us know immediately.
5. Data Retention
Mode will retain your personal information only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in
this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that we may also be required to retain your personal information for legal and
accounting reasons. In addition, for our records, we may retain original and updated information for reasons such as
technical constraints, dispute resolution, fraud prevention, troubleshooting and agreement enforcement, or in other
cases where we reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
6. Your Rights
We believe that privacy is a right for every user, and we therefore provide you with a set of rights that you can
exercise.
Right to Know – You have the right to know the personal information we collect, use,
disclose, and sell about you. This includes the right to know the categories of personal information that we have
collected; the categories of sources; the business or commercial purposes for which we process your personal information; and the
categories of recipients with whom we have shared your personal information; whether we have disclosed your personal information
for a business purpose, and if so, the categories of personal information received by each category of third party recipient;
and whether we’ve sold your personal information, and if so, the categories of personal information received by each category
of third party recipient.
Right to Access - You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and
machine-readable format and the right to transmit your personal information to another service provider without
hindrance from Mode.
Right to Delete – You have the right to request that we delete any personal information we
have collected from you or maintain about you. We may save personal information when permitted by applicable law
including, without limitation, when the information is needed for a legal purpose or as required under our Terms of
Service.
Right to Update and Correct – If you are a registered user you may modify and correct certain of your personal
information. This includes the addition or removal of certain personal information (except your name, email address,
username and password, which we require of all users to maintain their accounts), as well as your preferences for
the types of communications you receive from us.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale – Mode does not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties including that of
minors under the age of sixteen (16). While Mode does not consider the use of advertising cookies on our site as a sale,
you have the right to opt out of it.
Right to Non-Discrimination – Mode will not discriminate against those who exercise their
rights. Specifically, if you exercise your rights, we will not deny you Service, charge you different prices for it
or provide you a different level or quality of Service.
Right to Object or Restrict - At any time, you may object to the processing of your personal
information, or request us to restrict it, on legitimate grounds, except if otherwise permitted by applicable law.
If you would like to exercise your rights regarding access, deletion, or sale of your information, you may submit a Data Subject Access or Do Not Sell Request
here.
If you would like to opt-out of tracking, please review our Cookie Policy
to adjust your preferences. To exercise any other rights, you can send us your request at the email or postal address
provided below in “Contact Us” section. We reserve the right to confirm your identity in order to process your requests.
Please note that these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted or required by law.
7. Third Party Sites
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information collected from you by Mode through this Site
or the Service. You should be aware that when you are using the Site or the Service, you may be directed to other
websites that are beyond our control or be interfacing with third-party integrated services. We would expect most,
if not all, of these third parties will collect information about you when you use their offerings. However, Mode is
not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties, regardless whether they are linked or otherwise
connected to this Site or the Service. We encourage you to read the posted privacy policy whenever interacting with
any third-party website or other offering.
8. Children
The Service and this Site are not directed to children under 13. If you learn that your minor child has provided us
with personal information without your consent, please contact us.
9. California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), below is a summary of the personal information for the preceding 12 months that we
collect about “consumers” as defined under the CCPA, the business or commercial purposes for which we collect this personal information (“Why We Collect Personal Information”), where we obtain
this personal information (“Sources of Personal Information”), and the categories of third parties with whom we may share consumer personal information (“To Whom May We Disclose Personal Information”). The section
references relate to the sections above in this Privacy Policy. We have not sold your personal information in the preceding 12 months.
Personal Information Collected
Sources of Personal Information
Why We Collect Personal Information?
To Whom May We Disclose Personal Information?
Identifiers such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, email, phone number
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Commercial information such as records of products or services purchased,
obtained, or considered as well as records of surveys, promotions and correspondence
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing
history and search history
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Financial information such as your payment card information
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Inferences such as how you interact with our Service
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
10. Non-US Residents
International Transfers
We are a global business based in the United States, and we may transfer data globally to be processed by us or our
service providers in order to provide the Service to you or for such other purposes as set forth in this policy. If
you are not a resident of the U.S., you hereby consent and agree that we may collect, process, use, and store your
information, as discussed in this policy, outside your resident jurisdiction, including in the U.S. Please be aware
that U.S. law and the laws of other countries where we may store and process your information may offer different
levels of protection for information than may be available in your country.
If we transfer your information, as discussed in this policy, out of Europe to a country not deemed by the European
Commission to provide an adequate level of personal data protection, the transfer will be performed:
pursuant to the recipient’s compliance with the standard contractual clauses or Binding Corporate Rules;
pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal data pertains; or
as otherwise permitted by applicable European data protection law requirements.
You may contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your information out of Europe.
GDPR and DPA
Mode is committed to compliance with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) as applicable.
If you or your organization is required under the GDPR to enter into a data processing agreement (DPA) with Mode,
you may review it at https://mode.com/dpa/.
11. Governing Law
By choosing to use the Site or the Service or otherwise provide information to Mode, you agree that any dispute over
privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the law of the State of California. You
also agree to abide by any limitation on damages contained in our Terms of Service or another agreement that we have
with you. This does not prevent consumers in the European Union from bringing a claim to enforce their consumer
rights in relation to this Policy in their local courts.
12. Changes
Mode reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time, with any such changes to be
effective prospectively. Please visit this page periodically so that you will be apprised of any such changes. Your
continued use of the Service or the Site after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your
acceptance of such modification.
13. Contact Us
We have appointed a data protection officer (“DPO”) who is responsible for overseeing our privacy practices. If you
have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or wish to exercise your rights,
please contact our DPO by:
Mail: Mode Analytics, Attn: Data Protection Officer, 208 Utah St., Suite 400, San Francisco, CA 94103
Or by e-mail at privacy@modeanalytics.com
and we will work with you towards a resolution.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed,
you can also submit your complaint to Privacy Trust, an independent third party, by visiting this page. Finally, EU residents may submit a
complaint to the data protection regulator in their jurisdiction. You can find your data protection regulator here.
Questions?
Contact Us
Contact
hi@modeanalytics.com
208 Utah Street, Suite 400
San Francisco CA 94103
(650) 993-9125
Schedule a demo
© Mode Analytics, Inc. 2018
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Product
Compare plans
SQL Editor
Notebooks
Reports & Dashboards
Embedded Analytics
Mode for Slack
Customers
Integrations
Security
Support
Resources
Resource center
Learn SQL
Learn Python
Data newsletter
ROI Calculator
Help & support
Developer
Gallery
Blog
Company
About us
Team
Values
Careers
Contact us