http://www.sbdanbury.com/privacy/
OUR COVID-19 RESPONSE Apple iPhone and iPad users, please click here for information regarding Mobile Banking.
Personal
Deposit Services
Investment Planning
Checking Enhancements
Credit Services
Electronic Services
Mortgages
Home Equity
Retirement Services
Business
Deposit Services
Electronic Services
Loans
Credit Card
Services
Loans
Mortgages
Home Equity
Credit Services
Planning
Life Planning
Business Planning
Helpful Info
Videos
Security Center
Resources for Realtors
Calculators
Financial Answers Center
About Us
About SBD
Contact Us
Branches & ATMS
Community Support
SBD Foundation
Careers
Annual Report
News
FAQs
Login/Register
Privacy
HomePrivacy
At Savings Bank of Danbury, we are committed to protecting your privacy.
The following explains our information gathering and dissemination practices for our website
Visitors to the Savings Bank of Danbury website will remain anonymous.
We do not collect personal identifying information about visitors to our site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website.
Our servers collect standard non-identifying information about visitors to our site, such as date and time visited, IP address, city, state, and country. This information is used to compile standard statistics on site usage.
If you have provided identification (such as name and address) via email or information request forms, the information only will be used to communicate with you to manage your request.
Your information is never sold or shared with other parties.
In the normal course of our business, we may request or receive Social Security numbers from customers, employees, job applicants and others. Savings Bank of Danbury has specific policies and procedures which are designed to:
Protect the confidentiality of social security numbers
Prohibit unlawful disclosure of social security numbers
Limit access to social security numbers
Additional privacy information
Fair Credit Reporting Act
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us through this website or by mail at:
Savings Bank of Danbury
Human Resources
59 Newtown Road
Danbury, CT 06810
x
Search for...
Submit