https://www.ortho-europe.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Ortho Europe
Privacy Policy - Ortho Europe
Menu
Prosthetics
Liners
Socket Comfort
Sleeves
Silipos
Socks
Socket Comfort
Feet & Ankles
Componentry
Knees
Active Vacuum
Locks & Valves
Paediatric
Post-Op Rehabilitation
Cosmetics
Upper limb
Orthotics
Cranial & Cervical
Shoulder & Elbow
Spine & Hip
Forearm & Wrist
Thumb & Finger
Knee
Lower Leg & Ankle
Foot
Stockings
Paediatric
Footwear
FitzKidz
FootMatch
Men’s
Women’s
Seating
SeatMatch
Custom contoured seat
Moulded seat insert
Caddy
Marley
Wheelbases
NEO
MOVA
NOMAD
Accessories
Headrests
Harnesses
Belts
Cushions
Anklesures
Moulded footrests
Trays/Therapy tables
Fabrication
Central Fabrication Services
Carving Service
CAD/CAM
Materials and Consumables
High Definition Silicone
About Us
About Us
Careers
Latest News
WillowWood Product Update
Downloads
Events
Contact Us
Contact Us
Covid-19 Service Update
Giving Feedback
Ortho Europe > Privacy Policy
0
No products in the list
Privacy Policy
Ortho Europe® is a registered trademark of Ortho Europe Limited (referred to in this Privacy Policy as “we”, or “us”), which is a company registered in England and Wales. Registration number: 02432148. VAT registration number: GB 792 4033 28. Registered address: Ability House, Nuffield Way, Abingdon, Oxfordshire, OX14 1RL. Ortho Europe Limited is a part of Ability Matters Group Limited. The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use personal information that we may obtain about you. By either browsing or registering on our website at www.ortho-europe.com (“The Website”) and by using the Website you agree to this policy.
1. Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in any of the forms on the website. This includes information provided such as your name, email address, telephone number.
Registration or Contact Form(s) or when you sign up to receive newsletters.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Details of your visits to our site [including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, your organisations name and location, business contact details, weblogs and other communication data and the resources that you access.
2. Use of your Personal Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
2.1. To fulfil any agreement we have entered into with you.
To register you with our website and to administer our website services;
For assessment and analysis (e.g. market, customer and product analysis) to enable us to review, develop and improve the services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme.
To notify you about changes to our Service.
To make decisions about you using computerised technology, for example automatically selecting products or services which we think will interest you from the information we have.
To keep you informed of such products and services (including special offers, discounts, offers, competitions which we consider may be of interest to you. We will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
2.2. We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that we receive from third parties.
3. Disclosure of your information
We may give information about you to the following, who may use it for the same purposes as set out above:
3.1. Agents who (on our behalf) profile your data so that we may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs.
3.2. To anyone to whom we transfer or may transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you;
3.3. If we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.
4. Where we store your data
4.1. In carrying out the activities specified in this section, we may transfer data to reputable companies outside the European Economic Area. We take steps to ensure that your information will be afforded the same level of protection as that required of us under applicable UK data protection legislation.
4.2. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
4.3. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
5. Your rights
Under the Data Protection Act (2018) you have the right to:
5.1. Request a copy of your personal data which we store.
5.2. Request that your personal data is updated or corrected.
5.3. Request the deletion of all your data (in some instances).
5.4. Request the restriction of the processing of your information.
5.5. Request that the data we hold on you is transferred to another organisations.
5.6. Withdraw your consent regarding the processing of your personal data at any time.
5.7. If you are unhappy with the way we use your personal data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can contact the ICO by telephone on: 0303 123 1113.
If you wish to request any of the above information, please send an email to: privacy@ortho-europe.com or write to us at: FAO the Data Protection Officer, Ability House, 21 Nuffield Way, Abingdon, Oxfordshire, OX14 1RL. Alternatively, you can call us on 0800 072 3122 for further information.
6. IP Addresses and Cookies
6.1. New technologies are emerging on the Internet that help us to deliver customised visitor experiences. In particular, there is a technology called “cookies” which may be used by us to provide you with, for example, customised information from our web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system.
6.2. Cookies allow us to understand better the pages and advertisements that have been read, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our web site.
6.3. Depending on the type of cookie we use, cookies also allow us to make our web site more user friendly, for example, permanent cookies allow us to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our web site.
6.4. If you wish, you can usually adjust your browser so that your computer does not accept cookies.
6.5. Alternatively you can adjust your browser to tell you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer. How you adjust your browser to stop it accepting cookies or to notify you of them, will depend on the type of internet browser programme your computer uses.
6.6. Please remember, cookies do not contain confidential information such as your home address, telephone number or credit card details. We do not exchange cookies with any third party websites or external data suppliers.
6.7. Your browser also generates other information, including which language the site is displayed in, and your Internet Protocol address (“IP address”). An IP address is a set of numbers which is assigned to your computer during a browsing session whenever you log on to the Internet via your internet service provider or your network (if you access the Internet from, for example, a computer at work). Your IP address is automatically logged by our servers and used to collect traffic data about visitors to our web sites. We do not use your IP address to identify you personally.
6.8. We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose on-line. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing on-line over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
Join our community
Subscribe to the Ortho Europe newsletter
Connect
Ortho Europe Headquarters, Ability House, Nuffield Way, Abingdon,, Oxfordshire, OX14 1RL
Telephone: +44 (0)1235 552895 Email: info@ortho-europe.com
Our Services
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
About Us
About us
Careers
Latest News
Downloads
Events
Contact Us
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
Ortho Europe is part of the Ability Matters Group. Visit the Ability Matters website.
Our Offices:
UK
France
Sweden
Netherlands
© 2020 Ortho Europe, All rights reserved
Subscribe
×
I am interested in
Orthotics
Prosthetics
I have read and agree to the terms & conditions
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Share this page
×
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok