http://www.thevetrecruiter.com/policies-and-terms/
918-488-3901 or 800-436-0490
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Indeed
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Indeed
Policies and Terms
WEBSITE POLICES AND TERMS OF USE
The VET Recruiter® has adopted the following policies and procedures as they relate to the use of the The VET Recruiter® website.
Copyrights & Trademarks
The VET Recruiter® logo is trademarked. Other graphics used throughout the site are copyrighted and used with permission of the respective owners. Site content is the sole property of The VET Recruiter® and may not be reproduced in any means without the express written consent of The VET Recruiter®.
Off-Site Links
Disclaimer: Any links on this Web site are provided only for the convenience of The VET Recruiter® site visitors. The VET Recruiter® has no interest in, responsibility for, or control over any linked sites. The VET Recruiter® makes no promises or warranties of any kind, express or implied, including those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, as to the content of any linked sites. In no event shall The VET Recruiter® be liable for any damages resulting from use of these links.
Privacy Statement
The VET Recruiter® respects the privacy of visitors to its Web site. The VET Recruiter® strongly believes that if electronic commerce and online activities are to flourish, that information provided online must be used responsibly and appropriately. To protect online privacy, The VET Recruiter® has implemented the following policy.
What Information Does The VET Recruiter® Collect?
It is our general policy to collect and store only personal information that our visitors knowingly provide. If our privacy policies change, we will update the Web site.
From General Users:
The VET Recruiter® does not collect any personal information from users browsing its Web site. Users to the public areas of The VET Recruiter® Website browse anonymously. Only aggregate data — such as the number of hits per page–are collected. Aggregate data are only used for internal and marketing purposes and do not provide any personally identifying information.
From Those Requesting Information from The VET Recruiter®
To receive information from The VET Recruiter® regarding its services, site visitors are asked to provide some limited information. This data is submitted voluntarily. The limited information VET Recruiter® asks users to provide includes, but is not limited to, their name, organization name, address, business phone, fax and e-mail. Candidates may be asked on the Website profile for additional information pertaining to their job search.
Users who submit a profile, resume or other type of inquiry may be added to our mailing list for our free newsletter. Any recipient of the free newsletter may unsubscribe at any time.
Privacy Issues When Linking To Other Sites:
The VET Recruiter® may make content or services from other Web sites available to you from links located on The VET Recruiter® web site. These other Web sites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. The VET Recruiter® recommends that you review each individual Web site’s Privacy Policy when asked for personal information when visiting them. While The VET Recruiter® attempts to carefully screen our partners, The VET Recruiter® assumes no responsibility for the Privacy Policies on any of the sites outside of its direct control.
The VET Recruiter® is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We want to provide a safe, secure user experience. We take reasonable measures to keep the information you submit to us confidential.
It’s your life and your career. The issues of course are personal. When you send your resume to us, you can be assured that we will take all reasonable steps to keep your information confidential. We may share personal information with our partners, staff, researchers, search partners, or other third parties when necessary or appropriate in connection with our search services or other services. Personal information that is provided by search candidates and/or clients is included in our organization’s database for these reasons. We may share personal information with our clients as necessary or appropriate to provide them with requests for products and services. We reserve the right to disclose personal information to third party subcontractors which may include but not be limited to technology providers and business outsourcing providers in order to help support our business operations.
The statements expressed by the author of articles, blogs, podcasts, videos and webinars on our website are solely that of author and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of The Pursell Group, LLC or The Vet Recruiter. The statements made by the author are not presented or to be relied upon as instructional, legal or technical advice. Each person’s employment situation and needs are unique. Before you rely on or act based on the statements made by the author, you should carefully consider all aspects of your personal situation and consult a qualified professional.