http://www.outlookfinancial.com/help/online-banking
OutlookFinancial.com
Home
About Outlook
100% Guarantee
Membership
Newsletter
Contact Us
Terms
About Outlook
News
Accessibility Information
Privacy
Security
Legal
Help
Why Outlook
Products & Rates
How do I open an account?
Become a Member
Member Services
Shared Returns
Click for More
About Outlook
News
Accessibility Information
Privacy
Security
Legal
Help
RSS feeds
Online Banking
Why Outlook
Products & Rates
Become a Member
Member Services
Shared Returns
Click for More
Help
Online Banking
Outlook Financial's Online Banking많ives you secure,마nytime online access to your accounts and bill payment services.
You can log in to Online Banking using the Login button on the right side of the web page.
Using Online Banking, you can:
Access your account information any time
Check account balances
Obtain account activity for a select account or for all accounts including transaction date, description of transaction, transaction amount, account balance and other transaction details
Access your e-statements
Transfer funds between accounts and memberships (agreement must be signed)
Pay bills and view your updated accounts at the same time
Delete same day bill payments
Add or delete bill payment vendors
View and print all details on both the front and back of cleared cheques
Place an order for cheques
Check you Credential Direct Balances
What you need to use Online Banking
Access to the Internet.
A debit card with a Personal Access Code (PAC).
A personal computer with a minimum 800 x 600 display resolution.
A web browser with 128-bit encryption (see online banking browser requirements)
Sign up for Online Banking
Call마n Outlook Financial Representative at 1.877.958.7333마nd맚ell us맚hat you want to sign up. After asking you some identification questions, we will give you a Personal Access Code (PAC) right away and then you will have immediate access.
To start using Online Banking
You can accessOnline Banking맍rom마ny page of the Outlook Financial website.
The first time you log in, a Direct Service Agreement마ppears. You must read and accept the agreement in order to use Online Banking.
On the first login page, enter your 16-digit Outlook debit card number (no spaces), and click Login.
On the second login page, enter your Personal Access Code (PAC) you received from us, and click Login.
Change your PAC to an alphanumeric code you뇳l remember that뇹 between eight and thirty characters long.
Online Banking takes you to the page where you are able to complete authentication information that will be used in future logins.
Member-to-Member Transfer feature
You can transfer funds to another member뇹 account at Outlook. First you must sign a Member-to-Member Transfer Agreement giving us the go-ahead to set up the transfer from your account to the other membership.
e-Statement feature
e-Statements are identical to our old맗aper statements - including cheque images - but offer the added convenience of paperless storage, secure마nytime access and receipt of your statement sooner than by mail. There is no need to print copies for your records; e-statements are archived for seven years from date of issue, starting January 1, 2009.
Bill payment feature
You can pay your bills online using Online Banking. Just select from the list of over 6000 local and national vendors.
After you sign in, click on the Payments tab where you can add or change bill payees. You can then select Pay Bills to pay your bills today, or to set up future-dated payments.
Steps for Easy Bill Payment
Click on the Payments tab at the top of theOnline Banking맗age.
Click on the Pay From drop down arrow to display all available accounts. Click on the account from which to pay the bill(s).
Under Pay Payee, click the checkbox beside each payee you wish to pay. The Payment Date will default to today's date. You can choose a future date if required.
Insert the amount.
Click onPay Bills맚o proceed with the payment.
After you sign in to Online Banking, you can make changes to your bill payee list. Click onPay Bills마nd then choose Add Payee or Delete Payee to make changes.
Technical support
If you need technical support, contact마n Outlook Financial Representative마t 1.877.958.7333 (8am to 8pm Monday to Friday, and 9am to 4pm Saturday, CST) or e-mail save@outlookfinancial.com.
New to Outlook?Become a member.
Apply Now
Quick Links
add a beneficiary
FAQs
open additional savings accounts
open RRIF plan
open RRSP plan
open TFSA plan
order cheques
purchase a GIC
set-up Online Banking
transfer in an RRSP, RRIF or TFSA
update contact info
view all services
ways to deposit money
Me-to-Me Transfers
Online Banking
Login
Online Security
Help
Change my PAC
Online Banking Sign-In FAQs
Rates effective Dec 2, 2020
1.20% Savings
1.45% 1 Year Term
1.85% 5 Year Term
View all rates
News Archive
Calculators
Accessibility
Privacy
Security
Legal
Sitemap
FAQ