https://www.techpats.com/privacy-policy
Call us: 267.880.1720
info@techpats.com
Languages:
English
Chinese - Simplified
Chinese - Traditional
Japanese
Spanish
Resources
Contact Us
Careers
About UsAdvisory BoardHistoryLeadershipWho We Help CloseTechnologyWirelessBluetoothCellularNFCWifiWiMAXZigbeeVideo and Digital MediaContent DeliveryMedia Encryption and DRMVideo CodingVideo StreamingSemiconductorAnalog / RFMemoryPower SemiconductorsProcessors and LogicSensors / MEMSAutonomous DrivingAdvanced Semiconductor Technology Analysis ReportsPatent Divestiture ServicesPatent TransactionsStrategy DevelopmentTelecom/Internet and CloudBroadband/CableData CentersFiber OpticsPacket/EthernetTelephony / VoIPSystems and SoftwareFirmware AnalysisSoftware Analysis ClosePatent ServicesPatent Infringement AnalysisReverse EngineeringTesting and Lab ServicesIP Monetization StrategyValuation & Market AnalysisTraining and CLE Programs ClosePortfolio DevelopmentPatent Mining & EvaluationPortfolio Assessment & Cost AnalysisStrategic Patenting CloseLitigation SupportClaim ChartsExpert WitnessPTAB & IPR SupportValidity AnalysisReverse EngineeringTesting and Lab Services ClosePatent TransactionsPatent Divestiture Services CloseResourcesContact UsCareers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective June 8, 2018
At TechPats (“TechPats” or “We”) we respect your data security and privacy and are committed to protecting you through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the TechPats website at techpats.com including all related webpages (the “Site”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
What Information We May Collect
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We obtain Personal Information relating to you from various sources described below.
If you do not provide Personal Information when requested by TechPats, you may not be able to utilize the Site if that information is necessary for us to provide you with services or if we are legally required to collect it.
We may collect Personal Information from you when you register on our site, connect your social media accounts to TechPats, communicate with TechPats, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, connect your website or blog, or otherwise when you directly provide it to us. We also may collect information automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies.
Who is in Charge of Your Information?
In respect of the personal information you give us when you use the Site or subscribe to our, we are the “data controller” responsible for that information.
How We May Collect information About You
We will collect the information that you give us on the subscription form when you subscribe our newsletter, in any transactions on the Site, in any completed surveys you submit to TechPats or in any correspondence with us, including your name and contact information, and we will use that information to give you access to TechPats website content, and to communicate with you about your use of the site, for example to let you know about any updates or changes to the Site. We may also use this information to send you marketing communications about products or services provided by us.
How We May Use the Information We Collect
We may use the Personal Information we obtain about you to:
respond to your communications;
tailor our website (e.g., we may use cookies and similar technologies to remember your preferences);
post your content and messages on social media platforms;
aggregate your Personal Information for analytical purposes;
provide customer support;
operate, analyze and improve our business;
send you marketing communications about TechPats products, services, offers, programs and promotions;
keep the website safe and secure;
manage our customer, service provider and partner relationships;
enforce our agreements related to our services and our other legal rights;
comply with applicable legal requirements, industry standards and our policies;
process transactions;
administer contests, promotions, surveys or other site features; and
provide you with notices about your subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
We may also use the Personal Information we obtain in any other way we may describe when you provide the information and for any other purpose with your consent.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, we may process your Personal Information for the above purposes when:
you have consented to the use of your Personal Information, For example, we may seek to obtain your consent for our uses of cookies or similar technologies, or to send you marketing communications.
we need your Personal Information to provide you with services and products requested by you, or to respond to your inquiries,
we have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information, or
we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information to ensure and improve the safety, security, and performance of our Service, to anonymize Personal Information and carry out data analyses.
Our legal basis for collecting and use of this information is that it is in our legitimate interest to use your personal information in such a way to ensure that we provide the very best client service we can to you or others. We will only send you marketing communications where you have consented to receive such marketing communications, or where we have a lawful right to do so.
How We May Share Your Information
We may share the Personal Information we collect about you as described below or otherwise disclosed to you at the time the information is collected, including with:
Service Providers
We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including hosting and maintenance, error monitoring, debugging, performance monitoring, customer relationship, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We may share your Personal Information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services. We also require these third parties to maintain the privacy and security of the Personal Information they process on our behalf.
Social Media Platforms
We may allow you to share TechPats content on a third party social network platform, such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter, and to transfer your information to and from the applicable third party platform. Once you share your content to a social media platform, its use will be governed by that platform’s privacy policy.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
TechPats cooperates with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. To the extent permitted under applicable law, we may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we believe is necessary or appropriate to investigate, respond to, and defend against claims, for legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of TechPats or a third party, to protect TechPats against liability, for the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, fraudulent, abusive, or legally actionable activity, to protect the security or integrity of the Site and any equipment used to make the Site available, or to comply with the law.
Business Transfers
We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our assets, including Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity’s planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
How We Protect Your Information
We are committed to keeping the personal information provided to us secure and we have implemented appropriate information security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal information that we have under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification and unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
All of our partners, employees, consultants, workers and data processors (i.e. those who process your personal information on our behalf, for the purposes listed above), who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal information, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of such personal information.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your Personal Information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your Personal Information.
In the event of a transaction, we will offer the use of a secure server, typically through a well-known third-party payment provider. Due to the nature of the Internet and online communications, however, we cannot guarantee that any information transmitted online will remain confidential. We are not liable for the illegal acts of third parties such as criminal hackers.
Cookies and Related Technologies
Like many websites, we may use “cookie” technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve the Site and our Service. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk. A session cookie enables certain features of the Site and our service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Site. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Site and our Service, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Site, and to improve the Site and our Service.
We may also automatically record certain information from your device by using various types of technology, including “clear gifs” or “web beacons.” This automatically collected information may include your IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after you use the Site, the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on the Site, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Site. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message, to the extent permitted under applicable law.
You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the Site, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Site to their fullest potential.
Children’s Privacy
The Site is not directed to persons under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at info@techpats.com. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 18. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.
Your Rights
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such marketing communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.
In certain jurisdictions you have the right to request access and receive information about the Personal Information we maintain about you, to update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, to restrict or object to the processing of your Personal Information, to have the information blocked, anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or to exercise your right to data portability to transfer your Personal Information to another company. Those rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. In addition to the above-mentioned rights, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority subject to applicable law.
Where required by law, we obtain your consent for the processing of certain Personal Information collected by cookies or similar technologies, or used to send you direct marketing communications, or when we carry out other processing activities for which consent may be required. If we rely on consent for the processing of your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw it at any time and free of charge. When you do so, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists, delete your information or submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us as specified in the “Contact Us” section below.
California Privacy Rights
Residents of California have the right to request a disclosure describing what types of personal information we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and with whom we have shared it, during the preceding year. You may request a copy of that disclosure by contacting us at info@techpats.com
Links to Other Websites
Our Site and Service contain may contain links to other websites. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit Personal Information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the Personal Information you submit to them. We are not responsible for the content, privacy and security practices, and policies of third-party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Site. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Data Transfers
TechPats is based in the United States. Personal Information that we collect may be transferred to, and stored at, any of our affiliates, partners or service providers which may be inside or outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland, including the United States. By submitting your personal data, you agree to such transfers. Your Personal Information may be transferred to countries that do not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer or disclose your Personal Information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may be updated at any time for any reason. We will notify you of any updates to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our Site and indicating the date of the latest revision. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any modifications.
Your continued use of the Site after any updates to the Privacy Policy indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
TechPats
101 S Easton Rd #200
Glenside, PA 19038
info@techpats.com
Disclaimer
The materials in the Site and the TechPats newsletter are provided for informational purposes only, and do not constitute legal or financial advice. The information expressed is subject to change at any time and should be checked for completeness, accuracy and current applicability. For advice, consult a suitably licensed attorney or patent agent.
latest blog posts
About us
TechPats is the world’s leading full-service Intellectual Property consulting firm. We bring together patent expertise, technical excellence, and business acumen across a wide range of markets and technologies.
Our Solutions
Patent Services
Semiconductor
Systems and Software
Telecom / Internet and Cloud
Video and Digital Media
Our Locations
Philadelphia
101 S Easton Road, Suite 200
Glenside, PA 19038
Phone: (267) 880 – 1720
Ottawa
120 Iber Road, Suite 201
Ottawa, Ontario, K2S 1E9, Canada
Phone: (613) 686 – 2091
Tokyo
Email: ueki@techpats.com
Farotech: A Philadelphia SEO Company | Copyright 2020 © TechPats, All Rights Reserved – Site Map | Privacy Policy