https://www.snaptron.com/legal/
Call Us
Call Office
(+1) 970.686.5682
Our Hours:
8am-5pm
After Hours?
Email Us
1.) Copyright Notice
All content Copyright © 2019 Snaptron, Inc. All rights reserved.
2.) Restrictions on permissible uses of the Snaptron, Inc. website
The reproduction, distribution, republication or retransmission by visitors to the Snaptron, Inc. website (hereafter referred to as “website”) of any materials posted at the website without the prior permission of Snaptron, Inc. is strictly prohibited. Visitors are specifically granted the right to download a copy of the materials contained herein on a single computer for personal non-commercial use. However, this right is contingent on the visitors’ agreement not to remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from the materials downloaded. By viewing this website, the visitor is agreeing to these terms and conditions. If visitor does not agree to these terms and conditions, do not view this website.
3.) Limits on Liability for Damages
Snaptron, Inc. specifically is not liable for consequential damages incurred by website visitors. This includes, but is not limited to, damages for lost data, use, profits, savings, or goodwill that results from visitors’ use or inability to use information or materials on this website.
4.) Disclaimer for website materials
Snaptron, Inc. conveys that the documents and graphics appearing at the website might include technical inaccuracies, typographical errors, and out-of-date information and requires that use of such documents and graphics are at the visitors’ own risk. All documents, audio, video, software and other data are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind.
5.) Disclaimer for posted material on “linked” sites
Snaptron, Inc. does not regularly review materials posted on the sites to which it is linked. Further, Snaptron, Inc. does not necessarily endorse all of the materials appearing on such linked sites, and that any decision of website visitors to view any of the linked sites is at their own risk.
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our site. Visit our Privacy Policy to learn more. By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Privacy PolicyAccept