https://www.medavie.ca/en/privacy/
×
Englishfrançais
About Us
Mission, Vision, Values
Operations
History
Leadership & Governance
Board of Directors
Leadership Team
Board Evaluation and Development
Commitment to Diversity
Community Impact
Core Causes
Funding Relationships
Grants
Guidelines
Frequently Asked Questions
Medavie Scholarship
Frequently Asked Questions
News
Contact
Privacy
Home
Privacy
Medavie respects the privacy of your personal information. We are committed to ensuring the confidentiality of the information you share with us. This statement discloses our privacy policy in terms of the information we collect and how we use it. Any changes to our privacy statement will be reflected in this policy in a timely manner.
What information do we collect?During the course of our relationship, we may collect information such as your name, address, email address, phone number and financial information. We may also have a record of your attendance at Medavie events, including sponsored events.
When is the information collected?
Most of this information is collected when you inquire about funding, apply to our grants program, or attend an event hosted/sponsored by Medavie. It may come to us through a phone call, e-mail or mail. In all cases, the provision of your personal information is voluntary: any information provided to this site or to our funding programs is submitted at the user’s discretion.
Why do we need this information?
We need your information to review requests for support and to contact you about upcoming events or activities.
How is the information used?
Any information you provide to us — including your name, email address and financial information — is kept confidential. It will not be sold, forwarded, traded or released to outside organizations.
Medavie reserves the right to contact you at any time to forward information or provide notification of any changes to our privacy policy. We are committed to ensuring you do not receive an unreasonable number of communications from us. You may request to be removed from our distribution list at any time.
Links to other sites
Our website contains links to other sites. Medavie does not claim any responsibility for the privacy practices of these sites. We encourage you to be aware of when you are leaving our site and to read the privacy policy of the websites you visit. This privacy statement applies solely to the Medavie website.
Website data tracking
Medavie maintains statistical records of website usage and traffic. Analysis of this data is used to help us identify trends, such as pages most often visited, and for reporting purposes. It also allows us to provide more useful information to our visitors.
For more information
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or the personal information you have submitted, please contact us. If your information changes or you no longer wish to receive electronic messages from us, e-mail: MHF@medaviehealthfoundation.ca
Our Mission is to Improve the Wellbeing of Canadians.
Medavie is a health company that oversees Medavie Blue Cross and Medavie Health Services. Together, we’re bringing Canadians better health and access to care.
Visit Website
Visit Website
×