https://www.usedcentral.net/en/privacy-1.html
YOUR INTERNET PORTAL FOR USED AND SECONDHAND MACHINERY
LINKS
USEDBREWERIES
USEDSIDEL.COM
Sitemap
PRIVACY
POLICY
Privacy policy statement for
www.usedbreweries.net - usedcentral.net  &
usedsidel.com .
SUNFINANCE SAL (USEDCENTRAL) has created this privacy policy statement in order to demonstrate a firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the web sites: www.usedcentral.net and www.usedbreweries.net .
We may use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
All registration forms on our site require users to provide contact information (such as name and e-mail address). We use customer contact information from registration forms to send users information about usedcentral.net and usedbreweries.net . Contact information is also used to contact the visitor as and when necessary. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Contact information from the login in form is used to check if your company is a business identity and to provide information about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor as and when necessary.
From time to time USEDCENTRAL may conduct on-line surveys and ask visitors for contact information (such as their e-mail address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users who have registered for access privileges to information at usedcentral.net and usedbreweries.net are able to make on-line queries against the our database. 																USEDCENTRAL.NET may from time to time publish aggregate data about popular queries and this published information will not reveal individual query selections and will in no way identify users.
Disclosure of personal information
USEDCENTRAL does not share customer information with third parties. From time to time, however, we may use your contact information for marketing usedcentral.net, usedbreweries.net and 																SUNFINANCE SAL related products and services.
Links
This site may contains links to other sites. 																USEDCENTRAL.NET is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
USEDCENTRAL in the course of its business has a number of strategic business partners. These business partners are not party to and do not have access to any information collected by the sites www.usedcentral.net
and www.usedbreweries.net .
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information gathered on-line from visitors. All data submitted to 																USEDCENTRAL by this site is held in a secure and separate data repository.
Users may at any time remove their information from our database so as not to receive future communications or to cease receiving our service.
You can send an e-mail to support@usedcentral.net
E-mail: support@usedcentral.net
Contacting the web sites
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact:
Support
support@usedcentral.net
Copyright								©