http://www.iflexsolutions.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.html
Financial Services Software | Oracle
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
Shaping BetterFinancial Services
Watch now (1:03)
Industries
Oracle for Financial Services
Read our blog
Overview
Solutions
Banking
Insurance
Modern Risk and Finance
Financial Crime and Compliance
Cloud
News and Opinion
Resources
Customer Successes
Analyst Recognition
FinTech Ecosystem
Webcasts, Virtual Events, and Podcasts
Why Oracle?
Our solutions help financial services businesses to build digital ecosystems that empower customers to manage and enrich their financial lives. With our data-driven solutions, financial institutions can get the in-depth insights that enable them to make better business-critical decisions.
Industry-Recognized Products and Solutions
View more
Comprehensive Coverage
Retail Banking
Deliver Banking at Life Moments
Deploy easy-to-navigate, integrated, omnichannel experiences for your customers. Deliver financial services at the point of need.
Explore empowered customers
Corporate Banking
Achieve Capital Clarity
Provide real-time access to liquidity insights and faster corporate lending options. Deliver the experience that clients expect.
Explore capital clarity
Insurance
Offer Value-Based Care and Protection
Enhance experience, increase operational efficiency, reduce costs, and improve customer care.
Explore healthier, more confident societies
Critical Capabilities
Risk and Finance
Turn Nondiscretionary Spend into ROI
Unify risk, finance, regulatory, compliance, and customer data on a single data model to generate Insights for profitability with regulatory compliance.
Explore stronger institutions
Financial Crime and Compliance
Fight Money Laundering and Achieve Compliance
Monitor, detect, investigate, and report finance crime by enabling intelligent tools for efficiency and efficacy.
Ensure a safer world
Digital Banking
Build Contextual, Immersive, Digital Experience
Execute digital strategies at pace and scale.
Explore contextual banking experiences
Universal Banking
Modernize the Core for a Digital Future
Accelerate digital transformation. Drive business agility. Forge partnerships. Deliver optimal efficiency.
Build the bank of the future
Revenue Management and Billing
Maximize Revenue Opportunities
Get the pricing and billing clarity you need to better manage all your revenue drivers and customer relationships.
Seize the revenue opportunity
Plug in to Insights From Oracle Financial Services and Industry Experts
Oracle's virtual events-live and on demand webcasts, podcasts, videos, and more-help you keep up with what's happening across the financial services landscape.
Discover Financial Services webcasts
Financial Services
What’s New
Shape the Foundation for Finance Modernization with Faster Adoption of IFRS 17
Bridge the accounting gap and accelerate the timeline for implementation of IFRS 17 standards.
Share this
Find out more
Stop Revenue Leakage and Boost Profitability
Revenue leakage is costing banks 3-8% of their income. Banks must look at their pricing and billing systems and drive customer-centric pricing for more profitable outcomes.
Share this
Jumpstart Cloud Trial
How Oracle Fights Human Trafficking
Oracle Financial Crime and Compliance Management helps financial institutions identify dirty money generated from crimes such as human trafficking.
Share this
Watch the video
Success Stories
Deliver Better Financial Services
CACIB Enhances Its AML Function with Solutions from Oracle Financial Services
CACIB
François Cavaye, Global Head of Financial Security at CACIB, discusses some of the expected outcomes of their AML transformation project including first-entity resolution, better detection and a decreased number of false positives.
Watch the video (19:32)
Oracle Financial Services Empowers Bank of Ayudhya’s Digital-First Strategy
Bank of Ayudhya
Our strategy this year is to go digital, thinking digital first. So, what we are planning is to transform our banking business to become banking as a service...Towards the future we are looking for Oracle to be an empowering tool.
Supatra Aphaiwongse, Senior Vice President, Information Technology Group Bank of Ayudhya
Watch the video (1:03)
Ecobank leads Pan African Digital Banking Transformation
Ecobank
We transformed our network, transformed our systems, to ensure that we are able to focus and drive new businesses, new agenda, following the group digital agenda to ensure that we can provide products and services that our customers could get, at the price point that they could afford.
Tomisin Fashina, Group CIO, Ecobank- eProcess
Read the story
Defence Health and Oracle: Superior health for those who serve
Defence Health
Defence Health Australia, chose Oracle to transform the member experience. Specifically, the organization wants to become more agile in meeting members' needs and providing a more modern and convenient experience through digital processes.
Joanne Kadlecik, COO, Defence Health Limited
Read the story
See all Financial Services customer successes
Discover and Learn
Spotlight
Article
Westpac Wins the "Best Finance Project" Accolade in iTnews's Coveted Benchmark Award
The industry award recognized its collaboration with Oracle on the Customer Service Hub, providing a single view of the customer—involving the consolidation, uplift, and rationalization of more than 23 systems across multiple brands.
Press release
HBF Selects Oracle to Support Digital Transformation
HBF, Western Australia’s largest private health insurer, has chosen Oracle Health Insurance (OHI) to support its digital transformation. The move is part of a wider technology investment by the company to modernize its systems and processes as it pushes to deliver the very best experiences to its members, employees and providers.
Press release
Oracle Advanced Analytics Help Banks Battle Financial Crime
New capabilities increase compliance program effectiveness.
Research
Beyond Digital: Data-Driven Strategies to Grow, Scale, and Profit
Gain insights from PwC and Oracle on how APAC digital banks can grow beyond digital experience, utilizing data to leapfrog over risk and regulation barriers.
Press release
African Banks Transform Operations and Customer Experiences with Oracle
Oracle Financial Services enables digital banking, process optimization, and market agility across the continent.
Press release
Oracle Recognized as Leader in Risk Management
Chartis Research cites Oracle for core technology and overall strategy in managing risk and compliance..
Trending
Read Financial Services Blogs
Get Started
Request a call
Read the Financial Services blog
OFSS investor information
Follow us
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
How we’re taking on COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers