http://www.tbsp.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyYour PrivacyWhen you visit tbsp.com (the “Web Site”), Tablespoon LLC (the “Company”) does not collect any personally identifiable information about you. All information collected from you must be provided by you. The Company does log your visit by a statistics program that keeps records of traffic on the Web Site, as well as numerical counts of visitors by domain, IP address, keywords used, browser type, and other standard web measurements.Client Update InformationAll information you provide to us for updating your contact information is used for internal purposes only. This information is not housed on the site or anywhere outside of the Company. If you prefer to update your client information through another method, please call 214-989-6150 or fax your information to 214-855-0166.Opting outIf you supply us with your postal address, phone number, or e-mail address, you may receive periodic communications from the Company via the same medium. The communications will provide information on services available or upcoming events. To opt out of receiving these communications, please contact us or call 214-989-6150.Linked SitesThe Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of Web sites that are linked to or from the Web Site. Links provided on this site are not an expressed endorsement of that site. These links are provided for informational purposes only.COPPA DisclaimerThe Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) was created to protect children, under the age of thirteen (13) from unsuspecting acts or practices in conjunction with collecting, using, and disclosing any information about them. The Web site will never knowingly accept, collect, maintain or use any information from a child under the age of thirteen (13). If a child whom the Company knows to be under the age of thirteen (13) sends personal information to us online, the Company will only use that information to respond directly to that child, notify parents, or seek parental consent.Your ConsentBy using the Company’s Web Site, you consent to our use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time without advance notice. Should any new policy go into effect, we will post it on the Web Site, and the policy will apply only to information collected thereafter. This Privacy Policy is subject to the Terms of Use.