http://www.dsltdonline.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyRita Wilkins2018-08-16T04:05:13+00:00
Privacy Policy
Design Services Ltd. and its relevant subsidiaries (“Design Services Ltd”) are dedicated to protecting any information that we may procure from you during your use of this Website (“Site”), and maintaining the privacy of that data to the best of our ability. This policy outlines the types of data we may collect about you, how that data may be disseminated, and how you can contact us to manage the information we possess about you.
The Data We Collect And Its Utilization
In utilizing the data collection form (“Form”), which includes a Contact Form, Free Download Form, or a Newsletter Sign-Up Form, you agree to minimally supply us with:
Your name.
Your email address.
Any relevant information that will allow us to successfully process your inquiry, which may include, but is not limited to your:
Company name.
Address.
Phone number.
Information provided to Design Services Ltd on the Form will be utilized in responding to you.
Our Site may also utilize Cookies that autonomously collect information about your:
Web browser make / vendor / version.
Operating system make / vendor / version.
Cookies are small files stored on your computer by our Site which may contain an anonymous unique identifier. These cookies allow us to optimize your experience while utilizing our Site.
Our Site may also scrutinize your activity on the Site for the purposes of performance tracking via Google Analytics.
Google Analytics privacy policy can be found here:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Disclosure Of Your Personal Data
Data collected during the use of the Site, stored on our systems, will not be disseminated to third-parties without your explicit written consent.
Data collected during the use of the Site on behalf of Google Analytics is subject to Google Analytics’ privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
Design Services Ltd is not liable for the control of any personal information acquired by Google Analytics that is stored within Google’s infrastructure.
Google Analytics data stored with Design Services Ltd’s infrastructure will not be disseminated to third-parties without your consent.
Data collected during the use of the Site on behalf of Simplero is subject to Simplero’s terms of use: https://simplero.com/terms.
Design Services Ltd is not liable for the control of any personal information acquired by Simplero that is stored within Simplero’s infrastructure.
Simplero is used to manage email marketing lists and free downloads. Simplero data stored with Design Services Ltd’s infrastructure will not be disseminated to third-parties without your consent.
Contacting Us About Your Personal Data
If you wish to contact Design Services Ltd for the purposes of the maintenance or removal of your personal data, you may do so via the following methods:
RWilkins@DesignServicesLtd.com
+1.302.475.5663
Changes To This Policy
Design Services Ltd has the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, without direct notification of those parties it applies to. This privacy policy, as it exists on the Site, will always reflect its most contemporary iteration, unless otherwise stated.
Go to Top