https://www.managers.org.uk/about-cmi/governance/policies/cookie-policy/
Skip to main content
Professional Standards
Continuing Professional Development
Membership
Become a Member
Reasons to Join
Join the Community
Resources Management Direct
Chartered Manager
Chartered Companions
Chartered Management Consultant
Corporate Membership
Community
Events
Awards
Regional Networks
Community Networks CMI Women
Future Leaders
CMI Race
Research Participation
Knowledge & Insights
News, Views and Updates
Practical Guidance and Advice
Features and Longer Reads
Research & Thought Leadership Management Transformed
Campaigning & Advocacy
Covid-19 Hub
Brexit Hub
Blueprint for Balance
About CMI
Vision, Mission & Values
Our Royal Charter
Governance
Annual Reports
Media Centre
Contact us
Careers with CMI
HomeAbout CMIGovernancePoliciesCookie Policy
In this section
Governance
Executive TeamBoard and CommitteesAnnual ReportsPolicies
Cookie Policy
This notice is designed to help you understand what cookies are, how the Chartered Management Institute (CMI) uses them and the choices you have in regards to their use.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer or other device when you visit the Site. This allows the Site to recognise you as a user either for the duration of your visit (using a 'session cookie') or for repeat visits (a 'persistent cookie'). They are not harmful and do not contain any information such as your home address, date of birth or credit card details.
The cookies we use fall into four broad types:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in helping you to move around our Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services such as setting up or accessing a member’s account cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you've been on the internet.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
In order to keep the Site, its services and products relevant, easy to use and up-to-date, we use web analytics services to help us understand how people use our Site. For example, we can see which parts of the Site and products are most popular, identify when errors occur, and test different versions of a page or feature to see which one works best.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow websites and applications to remember choices you make (such as your user name and areas of interest) and provide enhanced, more personal features. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymised which means we can't identify you personally. They do not gather any information about you that could be used for selling advertising or remembering where you've been on the internet, but do help us to serve you with content more relevant to you.
Targeted Marketing Cookies
We also use cookies to assist in targeted advertising. They are used to measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, for example by telling us if you have responded to an advert that we have sent you.
If you would like more information on any of these types of Cookies, including how to opt-out, please visit www.youronlinechoices.com/
What Do We Use Cookies For?
They enable you to transact, whilst other non-essential cookies enable us to give you an enhanced, personalised web experience and determine relevant products to show you.
To personalise and improve your customer experience.
To allow you to securely sign in to your CMI Membership Account, so that you can use membership based services like making event bookings and for viewing Membership only resources and tools (e.g. through Management Direct).
To recognise the device that you are using.
To record the areas of the Site that you have visited, products you have viewed and time spent browsing, as well as services you have interacted with. CMI uses this information to help make the website more user friendly, develop our Site design and to continuously improve the quality of the service we provide.
To ensure that visitors to our Site are delivered appropriate device targeted content to ensure it is served at the fastest possible speed.
We also offer you the facility to share your experience on our Site through social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube. By using these features, you are consenting to allow cookies from these providers. More information about how these providers use cookies can be found at their websites.
Cookies are an essential part of how our Site works, as they remember certain information about a visitor. CMI uses First Party cookies (these are placed there and used solely by CMI) and Third Party cookies (these are placed there by third parties we work with).
Are Cookies Safe?
Yes. The information stored in cookies is safe and anonymous to any external third party, and your account security is never compromised. You can find more information about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ and www.youronlinechoices.com/. For a video about cookies visit https://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/technologies/cookies/
Can I Turn Off Cookies?
Yes – but if you choose not to allow the use of cookies, your experience of our Site will be limited and many integral aspects of the Site, including (but not limited to) accessing your account and associated membership services and access-only areas, will not work at all.
To change your cookie settings, or if you want to be notified each time a cookie is about to be used, you should amend the settings provided in your web browser to prevent us from storing cookies on your computer hard drive.
For information on how to disable cookies, please consult the "Help" tab of your browser via the menu bar. For further information on non-essential cookies used for targeting and banner advertising please see below.
Details Of Our Third Party Cookies
When you visit our website you may notice some cookies that are not related to CMI. If you go on to a web page that contains embedded content, for example from YouTube, you may be sent cookies from these websites. We don't control the setting of these cookies so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Social Media Sharing
If you take the opportunity to 'share' www.managers.org.uk content with friends through social media networks – such as Facebook and Twitter - you may be sent cookies from these websites. We don't control the setting of these cookies, so again please check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
CMI also allows selected Third Parties who participate with us in marketing programs to place cookies when you visit our site. These cookies enable us to monitor which content gets viewed and what you click on to get to, or use on, our site.
For details of the Third Party cookies we use please see the table below. CMI is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of Third Parties or other websites, and we advise that you check these yourself.
The following Cookies are all used for Analytical and Targeting purposes.
Doubleclick
Twitter
Google
Addthis
Linkedin
YouTube
Opting Out
Website visitors who don't want their data used by Google Analytics can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. To opt-out of Analytics for the web, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page and install the add-on for your browser. Learn more about the opt-out and how to properly install the opt-out browser add-on.
Visitors can also opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings.
This Cookie Policy was last updated on 24th May 2018, and further changes will be communicated by updating this notice.
Contact
Should you need to contact us please write to: Data Protection Officer, Management House, Cottingham Road, Corby, NN17 1TT or via dpo@managers.org.uk quoting Privacy and Cookie Enquiry.