http://www.pilotpen.co.uk/en/privacy-policy
About Pilot
Company profile
A European company
Key figures
Tax strategy
Where to buy?
Trade Wholesaler
Educational Suppliers
Independent stationers
Mail Order / Online suppliers
National Retailer Chain
Office Supplies Superstore
University
Contract Suppliers
B2B
Technology & innovation
State of the art technology
The excellence of the inks
Technical innovations
History & Philosophy
A 100-year history
The Pilot philosophy
Some key dates in Pilot's history
Writing for the environment
A word from the President
Pilot: a certified company
Environmental statement
Begreen: the PILOT recycled products range
Environmental Glossary
Press and communication
FriXion: TV Ads
Privacy Policy
Pilot Pen UK Ltd is the data controller (ICO registration number ZA251726) for personal data about customers, prospective customers, suppliers, job applicants and our current and former employees. Our registered address is 4 Dukes Meadow, Millboard Road, Bourne End, Buckinghamshire SL8 5XF.
We do not trade personal data for commercial purposes and will only disclose information with your consent or if contractually or legally obligated.
To contact us with a data protection query regarding the processing of your personal data, please email us at GDPR@pilotpen.co.uk.
Details of our processing
We believe that all these purposes are justified on the basis of our legitimate interests in running and promoting the business, our contractual requirements to deliver the agreed services to you, and our legal obligations as set out below:
Customers
As a customer, we will hold the following information about you:
Name, job title and contact information.
Demographic information such as postcode.
Sales/Invoice history.
Billing and payment information.
Credit limit.
We use your Personal Data to meet our contractual requirements to support us in supplying our products to you. Personal Data is used in compliance with the law.
We also use your information to invoice you and to keep track of payments made.
Information about you will be retained concerning our business relationship for up to 7 years.
We will retain financial records for 7 years, following the end of the current financial year.
Prospective Customers
As a prospective customer, we will hold the following information about you:
Your name, address and contact information.
If you make an enquiry to us via email, phone or the contact us page on our website, we may use this information to follow-up on this enquiry to arrange a visit from one of our sales managers. We will retain information about you for the duration of the enquiry, then one year.
Suppliers
As a supplier to Pilot Pen, we will hold the following information about you:
Name, job title and contact information.
Demographic information such as postcode.
Purchase/Invoice history.
Payment information.
Information about you will be retained concerning our business relationship for up to 7 years. We will retain financial records for 7 years, following the end of the current financial year.
Prospective employees
As a prospective employee, we will hold the following information about you:
Your name, contact information (CV).
Proof of your qualifications.
All of the information you provide during the recruitment process will only be used for the purpose of progressing your application, or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary.
We will not share any of the information you provide during the recruitment process to unauthorised personnel. The information you provide will be held securely by us whether the information is in electronic or physical format.
We will use the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your application.
We will use the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for.
We will retain information about you:
If you are successful, the information you provide during the application process will be retained by us as part of your employee file for the duration of your employment plus 2 years following the end of your employment.
If you are not selected for interview your information will not be retained by Pilot Pen, where permission is obtained, we will retain your CV for up to 6 months from date of notification that you had been unsuccessful.
If you are unsuccessful at the interview process, the information you have provided until that point will be retained for 6 months from the closure of the recruitment campaign.
How we work with our subcontractors
We may have to communicate your personal information to our subcontractors.
For example:
Employing a subcontractor to create a web-game.
Orders placed with us will involve sharing your delivery data with carriers.
Third party agencies running magazine promotions.
When we use subcontractors we ensure that they process your data only for the purposes and for the time that have been determined by Pilot UK. We ensure that the persons authorised to process your personal data have committed themselves to confidentiality and that they implement high levels of security. We ensure that our subcontractor does not subcontract its work out without our consent.
Contacting us via social media
We do not share your information with any 3rd party. Your information is used exclusively for providing customer service and for the sending out of competition prizes. Facebook "Like" data is used for engagement analytics.
Emailing us
We use Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt and protect email traffic in line with government standards. If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit.
We will also monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
Visitors to our Website & Cookies
When you visit our Site for the first time, we inform you that we use cookies, with the help of an information banner shown at the top of the page. By continuing your browsing on our Site when this banner is shown, you consent to our use of cookies.
The cookies issued by our Site are used for:
Obtaining statistics about the use and volumes of visits to our Site in order to improve the performance of our services. We use Google Analytics or any similar analytic tool. The information collected is aggregated and does not allow individual identification. To find out more about Google Analytics : http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html. To opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Adapting the presentation of our Site to the display preferences of your terminal (language used, display resolution, operating system used, etc.)
Memorising the information you have transmitted to our Site to facilitate access to your account or to a game in order to avoid your having to identify yourself several times in one session.
Cookies issued on our Site by third party applications
We do not use any third party applications on our website such as the Facebook or Twitter social network buttons.
Data storage
Pilot does not store your personal data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). If one of our subcontractors must store your personal data outside of the EEA then we ensure that the country has a “positive finding of adequacy” from the ICO.
Management of your preferences concerning cookies
You may choose to save the cookies on your terminal or refuse them by configuring your browser. As the configuration of each browser will be different, please find below the information which will help you to find out how to modify your settings regarding Cookies. You may also visit the Site http://youronlinechoices.com, and follow the instructions proposed by this Site to help you control, authorise or block the cookies held in your terminal.
For Chrome™ : https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
For Internet Explorer™ : https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
For FirefoxTM : https://support.mozilla.org/t5/Cookies-and-cache/Enable-and-disable-cookies-that-websites-use-to-track-your/ta-p/2784
For Safari™ : http://support.apple.com/kb/PH17191?viewlocale=en_US&locale=en_US
For Opera™ : http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html.
Individual rights to data
As an individual whose personal data is processed by Pilot Pen UK Ltd you have the following rights:
The right to be informed.
The right of access.
The right to rectification.
The right to erasure.
The right to restrict processing.
The right to data portability.
The right to object.
The right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
For example:
The right to rectification
Individuals have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified.
Right to erasure
Subject to legal conditions and if approved, all personal data must be deleted (emails/files/paper etc..)
Right to Object
E.g. Individuals have the absolute right to stop their data being used for direct marketing.
Guidance to these rights can be found at: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/.
If, at any time, you want to use your rights, please email: GDPR@pilotpen.co.uk.
We will reply to you within 1 month of receipt of your request. We may ask you to confirm your identity.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing with the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/.
The most up-to-date version of our Privacy Policy will always be available at: https://www.pilotpen.co.uk/privacy-policy/.
Look around
Top collection
Must-have and favourite pens... Choose your champion !