http://www.spamanufacturers.com/privacy.php
Home Page
Why Our Spas
Contact Us
A+ Better Business Bureau Rating
Swimming Spa
The Very Best
SwimSpa At The
Very Best Price!
Free Freight!
$9,995
Internet Special
Military Discount
Hot Tub Spas
Waterfall Spas
Spa Size Chart
Portable Spas
Size Chart & Style
Spa Color Chart
Photo Gallery
Spa Gazebos
Spa Brochures
Size Restriction?
Yacht Hot Tubs
Accessories
Reviews
Contact Us
Celebrating Our
38th Anniversary!
Same Name
Same Location
...click here
Spa Manufacturers, Inc. Staff Photo
WE SHIPWORLDWIDESERVICEALL BRANDSFULL PARTSDEPARTMENTREPLACEMENTCOVERS
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Spa Manufacturers, Inc.
Our physical location and mailing address is
6060 Ulmerton Road
Clearwater, FL 33760
We can be reached via e-mail at info@spamanufacturers.com.
For each visitor to our web page, our web server does not recognize any information regarding the visitor's domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, contact form on the website or by telephone. We aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information provided by the consumer, such as contact forms and site registrations. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web pages, services and products. We provide customer service and sales support to those who initiate contact with us and express an interest in our products or services.
About Your Personal Information:
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive mailings from us. If you do not want to receive mailings from us then let us know by sending us an email at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone calls from us with information regarding products we sell or orders they have placed.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post these policies clearly on our website.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), or contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address or writing to us at the above address. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us an e-mail at the above address or writing to us at the above address.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses.
WATERFALL
HOT TUB SPAS
FIBER OPTIC
SPA LIGHTS
HOT TUB SPA
SPILLOVERS
WE HAVE INVENTORY
PROFESSIONAL SHIPPING AND DELIVERYHOT TUB SPA SHIPPING AVAILABLE WORLDWIDE
ONE OF THE BEST WARRANTIES IN THE INDUSTRY!
Swimming Spa  |  Hot Tub Spas  |  Spa Size Chart
Waterfall Spas  |  Portable Spas  |
Size Chart & Style
Spa Gazebos  |  Why Our Spas  |  Privacy Policy  |  Contact Us  |  Home
Request Hot Tub Spa Prices
Buy Swim Spas Manufacturer Direct
Google+
38 years strong, Same name, Same locationAccredited Member Of BBB
©2008-2020 SPA MANUFACTURERS, INC.
All Rights Reserved.