https://www.solomonedwards.com/privacy-policy/
Website Privacy Policy - SolomonEdwards
Home
What We Do
Business Transformation
Branding Managed Services
Communications
Change Management
Organizational Effectiveness
Portfolio Management
Program Management
Program Management Office (PMO)
Project Management
Business Process Optimization
Supply Chain Management
Accounting & Finance
Governance & Regulatory Compliance
Internal Audit, Risk & Compliance Advisory
Technology Risk Management
Financial Risk Management
Regulatory Compliance
Transaction & Regulatory Advisory
Turnaround & Restructuring Services
Who We Are
What Sets Us Apart
Leadership
Vision & Values
Social Responsibility
Our Work
Industries
Banking
Energy
Healthcare
Technology
Manufacturing
Insights
Talent
News
Contact
Home » Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy PolicyLast Updated: April 4, 2019SolomonEdwardsGroup, LLC, and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“SolomonEdwards” or “we” or “us”) are committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website www.solomonedwards.com (”Website”), and such visitors who apply for employment or placement by us through our recruitment services and others who request information about SolomonEdwards including our customers and prospective customers.  This website privacy policy (“Policy“) describes how we may use and disclose information that we may collect about you through the Website and the purposes for which we use such information. Collection and Use of Personal InformationWhen you use or register with the Website, we may, with your consent, collect certain “Personal Information,” which is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual, including information considered “personal data” under the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), in order to carry out our business purposes of providing our recruiting, employment, and consulting services.  Personal Information includes: your name and contact information (email, address and phone number), your gender, any pseudonymous data, your job search criteria and preferences, your employment experience, educational history, your skills, reference information, background information, other information contained in your resume, or any login ID or email address and password created by you.  The majority of this Personal Information is provided by you directly when you contact us, submit an employment application, through phone conversations or e-mail exchanges, contact with us about our services, or during your employment relationship.  We also collect data about individuals who are employed or engaged by our customers in connection with our provision of consulting services to those customers. We do not collect Personal Information from third-party sources. We use Personal Information to register you with the Website, to provide you with information regarding employment opportunities and career-related information, and to otherwise provide you with requested information or services. We may from time to time use your Personal Information to send you automated email messages, or marketing materials regarding our services, including employment information. We may also use Personal Information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, and improving our services. Disclosures of Personal InformationSolomonEdwards may disclose Personal Information to third parties in the following circumstances: (1) to our third-party service providers who perform business functions and services on our behalf; (2) to comply with applicable laws, the service of legal process, or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law requiring such disclosure; (b) protect the rights or property of SolomonEdwards or its affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of the users or the public. We also may disclose or transfer information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). Collection and Use of Other InformationWe may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:Through your browser or device: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, and Internet browser type and version. We use this information to ensure that the Website functions properly.Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored on the computer that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect, and temporarily store, tracking information such as browser type, time spent on the Website, pages visited, registrations, submissions, demographics, information requests, language preferences, and other traffic data. We use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience. We also gather statistical information about use of the Website to enhance its functionality, understand how it is used and assist us with resolving questions about it. We may also use cookies and other technologies in online advertising campaigns to track responses to our ads. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Website.Analytics: We use third-party analytics providers such as Google Analytics and Net-Results on the Site. Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. Google Analytics may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We have also engaged Net-Results which uses an intelligent set of marketing automation tools to improve how we manage marketing lead generation campaigns.  Such access to and use of Personal Information by Net-Results is governed by Net-Results’ privacy policy, available at https://www.net-results.com/privacy-policy/.IP Address: Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Website, along with the time of the visit and the pages visited. We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems, and administering the Website. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP Address. We do not collect Other Information from third-party sources, other than through Google Analytics and Net-Results.  Please note that we may use and disclose Other Information for our business purposes. Storage of Personal InformationWe will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Third Party ServicesThis Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Website links. SecurityWe use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures designed to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below. Withdrawal of your ConsentIf your Personal Information changes, if you no longer desire our service, or if you want to limit the use or disclosure of your Personal Information beyond what is set forth in this Policy, then you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove, request portability of or use or disclosure restrictions on or withdraw your consent to our collection and/or use of your Personal Information (including for direct marketing purposes) by emailing us or by contacting us by postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request within 30 days, but we may not be required to honor your request in all cases. Please note that if you withdraw your consent to our collection and/or use of your Personal Information, then certain portions of our Website may be inaccessible to you and/or you may not be able to receive our recruiting, employment, and/or consulting services.Our Website includes links to our brochures, white papers, case studies, and other marketing materials. If you wish to download certain materials or sign-up for events/webinars, we will use your name and email address to send such materials to you. You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in such emails or by contacting us at the email address provided below. When your interactions with us have resulted in your registration for multiple services or resources it may be necessary to opt out from each service separately.Because processing your information is necessary to the performance of the recruiting, employment, and consulting services that we provide to you, a request to exercise certain rights may result in us being unable to continue providing one or more of our services to you. Subject to applicable law, we also may limit requests or charge reasonable fees. Use of Site by MinorsThe Website is not directed to individuals under the age of eighteen (18) and, we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under 18. Jurisdictional IssuesThe Website is controlled and operated by us from the United States and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Where required, SolomonEdwards implements Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission, or similar contractual clauses in other jurisdictions.  This includes transfers to suppliers or other third parties.  You can request a copy of the EU Standard Contractual Clauses by emailing us at segprivacy@solomonedwards.com. Revisions to the PolicyIf we change this Policy we will post any updates here for your review. The “Last Updated” line at the top of this page indicates when this Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Policy on the Website and it is provided to you. Contacting UsIf you have any questions about this Policy, or if you would like to update any personal information you have provided to us, please contact us at:Mailing Address:IT DirectorAttention: Lito AbivaSolomonEdwardsGroup, LLC1255 Drummers Lane, Suite 200Wayne, PA 19087Email Address: segprivacy@solomonedwards.com Local Data Protection Authority You may, depending on where you are located, have the right to make a complaint with your local data protection authority based on issues you may have with this Policy. You can find the contact information for your local data protection authority at the following website: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.
This website is owned by SolomonEdwardsGroup, LLC, which does business only in the United States of America. If you do not want this website to collect data regarding yourself or your activities, do not use this website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to SolomonEdwardsGroup, LLC’s collection of your data. If applicable SolomonEdwardsGroup, LLC will comply with laws of countries other than the United States of America.
Home
What We Do
Who We Are
Our Work
Industries
Insights
Talent
News
Website Privacy Policy
Contact
· © 2020 SolomonEdwards ·
This site uses cookies.
We use cookies to make interactions with our websites and services easy and meaningful, to better understand how they are used and to tailor advertising.
You can read more about these practices in our privacy policy.
By continuing to use this site you are giving us your consent to do this. View Privacy Policy.Okay, thanks