http://www.elliotmarsh.com/privacy
Privacy Notice
Home
Privacy Policy
CONTACT US
SUBMIT YOUR CV
SUBMIT AN OPPORTUNITY
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
1.1 Elliot Marsh Ltd(we or us) are committed to protecting the personal information and privacy of the candidates we represent and the clients for whom we work.
1.2 This Information Notice, together with any other documents referred to in it, sets out the basis on which any personal data that we collect from or about you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we treat it.
1.3 For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation, the data controller is Elliot Marsh Ltd (company number 09024195), whose registered office is at Stocks Court, 18-20 Old Market Place, Altrincham, Cheshire, WA14 4DF.
1.4 We may update this Information Notice from time to time. Any changes we make in the future will be posted on our website at www.elliotmarsh.com. Please check back regularly to see any updates or changes.
2. Data Protection Officer
2.1 The contact details for our Data Protection Officer are as follows:
2.1.1 Alison Ryan
2.1.2 Client Services Director
2.1.3 alison.ryan@elliotmarsh.com
2.1.4 0161 926 8181
2.1.5 Stocks Court, 18-20 Old Market Place, Altrincham, Cheshire, WA14 4DF
2.2 It is the responsibility of the Data Protection Officer to keep our organisation and our staff informed and advised about their obligations to comply with data protection laws, to monitor compliance with those laws, to advise on data protection impact assessments, to train staff and conduct internal audits, and to be the first point of contact for supervisory authorities and for individuals whose personal data we are processing.
3. Particulars of processing
3.1 We process personal data about our stakeholders (by which we mean current and former candidates, clients and any other person who has contact with us) in a range of ways, and for a range of purposes.
3.2 The categories of person about whom we process personal data are described in more detail in the Particulars of Processing that are set out in the Schedules to this Information Notice. The specific Schedules are as follows:
3.2.1 Candidates;
3.2.2 Clients;
3.3 It may be the case that you have contact with us in more than one capacity, so please look at all the Schedules that may apply to you if you wish to know more about how we process your personal data.
4. You have the following rights:
4.2.1 The right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you;
4.2.2 The right to request rectification of the personal data that we hold about you;
4.2.3 The right to request erasure of the personal data that we hold about you;
4.2.4 The right to request restriction of processing about you;
4.2.5 The right to object to processing; and
4.2.6 The right to data portability.
If you wish to invoke any of the above rights, please notify our Data Protection Officer using the contact details set out in Section 2 above. Please include the words DATA PRIVACY REQUEST in the subject line of your email, or at the top of your letter.
4.3 Where our processing of personal data is based on your having given consent, you have the right as a data subject to withdraw that consent at any time. If you wish to invoke this right, please notify our Data Protection Officer using the contact details set out in Section 2 above. Please include the words DATA PRIVACY REQUEST in the subject line of your email, or at the top of your letter.
4.4 You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In the United Kingdom, the supervisory authority is the Office of the Information Commissioner, full contact details for which can be found at https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
5. Contact details
5.1 You can contact us in the following ways if you have any questions or concerns about personal data and privacy matters:
5.1.1 info@elliotmarsh.com
5.1.2 0161 926 8181
5.1.3 Stocks Court, 18-20 Old Market Place, Altrincham, Cheshire, WA14 4DF
5.2 Please include the words DATA PRIVACY REQUEST in the subject line of your email, or at the top of your letter.
6. Our Use of Cookies
6.1 Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
6.2 By using Our Site, you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. Third Party Cookies are used on Our Site to allow our website to present you with customised Web pages and to also track which pages you may have visited. These Cookies are not integral to the functioning of Our Site and your use and experience of Our Site will not be impaired by refusing consent to them.
6.3 All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
6.4 Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a pop up requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of Our Site may not function fully or as intended.
6.5 Certain features of Our Site depend on Cookies to function. Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. These Cookies are shown below in section 13.6. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies, but it is still important that you are aware of them. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below in section 6.7, but please be aware that Our Site may not work properly if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
6.6 In addition to the controls that We provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
6.7 You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.
6.8 It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
Our headhunting service
Psychometric Profiling
Competency Interviews
Job Profiling
Join Elliot Marsh
FIND A SPECIALIST CONSULTANT
WHAT OUR CLIENTS SAY
"I have no hesitation in recommending Elliot Marsh as an expert recruiter that identifies the best staff"
"It is very refreshing that we can rely on a specialist sector recruiter to identify the right people suitable to help our business grow."
"Having worked with Elliot Marsh for in excess of 5 years I have found them to be a consistent, highly committed, professional and motivated recruitment company."
"We were delighted with the whole process and we felt comfortable in the knowledge we were appointing from the very best available talent. We will certainly be using Elliot Marsh Ltd in the future."