http://www.nathansfamous.com/california-privacy/
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY STATEMENT
Effective: January 1, 2020
This California Consumer Privacy Statement supplements the Smithfield Privacy Policy.
It applies solely to California consumers and addresses personal information we collect online and offline.
This Statement does not apply toSmithfield personnel, and sections 2 and 3 of this Statement do not apply to job applicants.
This California Consumer Privacy Statement uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its implementing regulations (the “CCPA”).
Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information
We may collect the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers: identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, IP address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, and other similar identifiers
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80: signature, physical characteristics or description, state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information, medical information, and health insurance information
Protected Classifications: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, gender, marital status, medical condition, disability, citizenship status, and military and veteran status
Commercial Information: commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Online Activity: Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements
Geolocation Data
Sensory Information: audio, electronic, visual, and similar information
Employment Information: professional or employment-related information
Education Information: education information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99)
Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We may use the categories of personal information listed above for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy.
In addition, we may use such categories of personal information for certain business purposes specified under the CCPA, including as described in this table:
Purposes
Categories of Personal Information
Performing Services: Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information; and Inferences
Auditing: Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance
Identifiers; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; and Inferences
Short Term Use: Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction
Identifiers; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; and Inferences
Security Purposes: Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information; and Inferences
Debugging: Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
Identifiers; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; and Sensory Information
Internal R&D: Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; and Inferences
Safety: Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; and Inferences
In addition, we may also use the following categories of personal information for purposes of managing our career opportunities: Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences
2. Our Prior Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We may have collected and used your personal information, as described in section 1 above, during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this California Consumer Privacy Statement.
For the personal information collected during that timeframe, we describe below: (a) the categories of sources from which we may have obtained the personal information, (b) the categories of third parties with whom we may have shared the information, (c) the categories of personal information we may have sold, and (d) the categories of personal information we may have disclosed for a business purpose.
a. Sources of Personal Information
We may have obtained personal information about you from various sources, including as described below.
Categories of Sources of Data Collection
Categories of Personal Information
Directly from you (such as when you participate in or register on the Site for promotions, offers, programs, contests or sweepstakes, communicate with us, or purchase goods from us)
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; and Employment Information
From your devices (such as when youbrowse or use our website)
Identifiers;
Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; and Inferences
Your family or friends (such as when they contact us on your behalf, or refer you for one of our contests, sweepstakes or other participatory events)
Identifiers; Protected Classifications; and Commercial Information
Our subsidiaries and other brands or businesses in the Smithfield family of companies
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information; and Inferences
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Employment Information; and Inference
Our business partners (such as our licensees, franchisees and promotional partners)
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Employment Information; and Inferences
Corporate customers (such as when they refer complaints and inquiries to us)
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Geolocation Data; Employment Information; and Inferences
Social networking services
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; and Inferences
Online advertising technology companies
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; and Inferences
Government agencies, courts and regulators
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Sensory Information; and Employment Information
Data aggregators and consumer data resellers
Identifiers; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Employment Information; and Inferences
Public databases
Identifiers; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Employment Information; and Inferences
b. Sharing of Personal Information
We may have shared your personal information with certain categories of third parties, as described below.
Categories of Third Parties
Categories of Personal Information
Our subsidiaries and other brands or businesses in the Smithfield family of companies
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information; and Inferences
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information; and Inferences
Our business partners (such as our licensees and promotional partners)
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; and Inferences
Our corporate customers (such as retailers)
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data;
Sensory Information; Employment Information; and Inferences
Advertising agencies
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; and Inferences
Data analytics providers
Identifiers; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; and Inferences
Law enforcement, governmental or regulatory agencies
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information; and Inferences
Social networking services
Identifiers; Protected Classifications; Online Activity; Sensory Information; and Inferences
Third parties in the event of a corporate transaction, such as an acquisition
Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information; and Inferences
c. Sale of Personal Information
We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation. As described in our Privacy Policy, we may allow certain third parties (such as certain advertising partners) to obtain your personal information, including via automated technologies on our Sites (such as an enhanced ability to serve you content and advertisements that may be of interest to you).
To manage the use of cookies on our Site, you can change your browser settings.
For additional information on how to manage cookies and opt out of interest-based advertising, please visit  http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ .
The categories of personal information that may have been disclosed in this manner include Identifiers, Commercial Information, Online Activity and Inferences.
d.Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
We may have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose certain categories of personal information, including: Identifiers, Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80, Protected Classifications, Commercial Information, Online Activity, Geolocation Data, Sensory Information, Employment Information, Education Information, and Inferences.
3. California Consumer Privacy Rights
Effective January 1, 2020, you have certain choices regarding your personal information, as described below.
Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months.
To submit an access request, click here or call us at 855-411-7675.
Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions under applicable law.
To submit a deletion request, click here or call us at 855-411-7675.
Shine the Light Request: You also may ask us to refrain from sharing your information with certain affiliates and other third parties for their own marketing purposes.
To submit a Shine the Light request, email us at privacypolicy@smithfield.com.
Verifying Requests. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request.
In addition, if you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of personal information, we will require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.
If you designate an authorized agent to make an access, deletion or opt-out of sale request on your behalf (a) we may require you to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and (b) for access and deletion requests, we may require you to verify your own identity directly with us.
Additional Information. If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
This Statement is available in alternative formats upon request.
Please contact privacypolicy@smithfield.com or 855-411-7675 to request this Statement in an alternative format.