http://www.cpbourg.com/us/en/legal
Legal notices and terms
By accessing and using this website, you agree to these terms and all changes or modifications to it.
Copyright
The copyright with respect to this website is owned by C.P. Bourg s.a./n.v. or its beneficiaries, hereinafter "C.P. Bourg". The information contained in this website may be viewed, copied, printed and distributed for non-commercial purposes and provided that the above copyright notice appears in all such copies. Except as expressly provided herein, nothing contained shall be construed or interpreted as conferring in any way any licence or right under any copyright, patent, trademark or other intellectual property right of C.P. Bourg or any third party.
Privacy Policy Statement
C.P. Bourg encourages you to read C.P. Bourg’s Privacy Policy Statement relating to the collection and use of your personal information.
Disclaimer
The information on this website is provided "as is" and may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors despite C.P. Bourg’s effort to include accurate and complete information. Therefore, C.P. Bourg makes no warranty of any kind that this information provided on this website is accurate, complet or current.
Changes
C.P. Bourg reserves the right to modify any of the terms, conditions and information contained in this website, at any time and in its sole discretion.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction These terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the law of Belgium. Any disputes arising out of or in connection herewith, which could not be solved on a good faith basis, shall be exclusively settled by the competent courts of Nivelles, Belgium, regardless of plurality of defendants or warranty claim(s).
Sales conditions
Download our sales conditions here
Purchasing conditions
Download our purchasing conditions here
Solutions
All
Off-Line Booklet Makers
In-Line Booklet Makers
Off-Line Perfect Binders
In-Line Perfect Binders
Products
All
Sheet Feeders
Booklet Makers
Perfect Binders
Trimmers
Accessories
News & Events
All
Press releases
Events
In the news
Testimonials
Successful partnerships
Case studies
Awards
Distributors
Find your local partner
About us
Contact
Career at C.P. Bourg
Mission statement
History
Sustainability
Certifications
Coronavirus
Copyright © 2020 C.P. Bourg. All rights reserved.
-
Legal
-
Privacy
-
Mobile version
-
My C.P. Bourg
By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
Learn more about our privacy policy here.