http://www.torbalscales.com/terms-and-conditions/
Torbal Scales
Downloads
Blogs
Support
Conversion Calculator
F.A.Q
About us
1.866.473.6900 We're here to help [hours]
Live help:
Torbalscales.com
Phone:
Toll Free: 1 866-473-6900
Outside of US: (973)473-6900
Fax: (973)777-8302
Mail:
Scientific Industries
80 Orville Dr.
Bohemia, NY 11716
Email: sales@torbal.com
Hours of Operation:
M-F 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM EST
Search Site
Search
Home
Contact us
Videos
Login or register
My Cart
Precision and Laboratory
Analytical
Moisture Analyzers
General Purpose
Industrial
Home
/
Terms & Conditions - scales and balances
Precision
Laboratory Balances
Precision Series
Advanced Series
PRO Series
Analytical Balances
Advanced Series
Advanced-Plus Series
PRO Series
High Capacity Scales
Precision Series
Advanced Series
PRO Series
Moisture Analyzers
Precision
Professional
Prescription Balances
Legal for Trade Scales
Precision Scales
Precision Series
Advanced Series
PRO Series
Educational School Scales
Analytical
Lab
Pharmacy
Elementary
Industrial
Precision General Purpose
Precision
Bench
Compact Platform
Bench Scales
Platform Balances
Economy
Heavy Duty
Remote-Mount
Washdown - IP68/65 Rated
Crane Scales
Force and Torque
Force Gauges
Precision
Professional
Torque Gauges
Cap Tester
Chuck Clamp
Tool & Wrench
Test Stand
Accessories
Load-Cells
Force Gauge Certificates
Accessories
SoftwarePC ConnectivityPrintersScannersWeightsDensity KitOther
CellPhase
Help
Contact us
Live Chat
Terms & Conditions
Privacy statement
Return Policy
Terms & Conditions - scales and balances
THIS AGREEMENT GOVERNS YOUR PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS FROM Scientific Industries, Inc. (Scientific Industries). PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY. BY SUBMITTING YOUR ORDER YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE TERMS. NO OTHER TERMS APPLY.
Definitions "Product" shall mean any item offered for sale on the torbalscales.com website.
Entire Agreement The terms and conditions herein may NOT be altered, supplemented, or amended by the use of any additional document(s) that purport to be an agreement of the parties. Any attempt to supplement or amend these terms and conditions or to enter an order for Product(s) which is subject to additional or altered terms and conditions shall be null and void.
Order Acceptance byScientific Industries All orders of Products placed by you with Scientific Industries shall be subject to acceptance by Scientific Industries.
Limited Warranties With respect to Scientific Industries' Products, Scientific Industries makes no warranties except those stated in the limited warranty cards included with the Products. With respect to third party Products, such Products are sold by Scientific Industries AS IS. However the third party manufacturer or supplier of these Products may offer its own warranties, and you agree to look solely to such manufacturer or supplier for any warranty related claims.
SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MECHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Payment Terms, Price Confirmation, and Billing Errors Unless otherwise indicated, the purchase price of Products will be billed in full at the time of Product shipment. Scientific Industries will charge credit cards upon shipment. Scientific Industries payment terms are subject to change without notice at Scientific Industries' sole discretion. For web orders, we confirm the price of a Product as part of our order processing procedures. In the unlikely event that a price stated on the Scientific Industries (torbalscales.com) website is incorrect, then the following applies: If a Product's correct price is lower than our stated price, we charge the lower price and ship you the Product. If a Product's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Resale You certify and agree that you are purchasing Product(s) for your own internal use only, and not for resale.
Taxes Prices do not include any sales, local or other similar taxes. Where applicable, taxes will be shown on and added to your invoice. All such taxes shall be paid by you, or in lieu thereof, you must provide Scientific Industries with an appropriate tax exemption certificate.
Receiving Your Order: Upon receipt of your new scale, please inspect it, its contents and their condition carefully. All claims for damaged or missing items MUST be reported to Scientific Industries, Inc. within two (2) business days of receipt. Carefully unpack the scale and be sure NOT to damage or destroy the packaging. DO NOT discard any components of the packaging such as boxes, envelopes, foam inserts, bags etc. You should use the original packaging whenever storing or transporting the scale. Keep the packing slip and the invoice in a safe place. TORBAL Scales are a sensitive and a delicate instrument. Always handle your scale with care and read all of the enclosed cautionary notes and the instruction manuals before installing and using the unit.
14 Day Return / Exchange Policy: Items approved for return must be received by Scientific Industries within fourteen (14) calendar days (postmark NOT considered) of delivery receipt. All refunds are subject to a twenty percent (20%) restocking fee of the total purchase value, excluding shipping charges. Shipping charges are none refundable. If defective or damaged, all items may be exchanged within thirty (30) days of receipt for the same model only. If an upgrade to the purchase has been made, the 14 day return period is reduced by the number of days the first purchase has been in possession. In order to return or exchange equipment, the following conditions must be satisfied (NO EXCEPTIONS): 1. Before returning the scale, contact Customer Service to obtain a pre-approval, an RMA number, and shipping instructions. Returns without an RMA number will be refused. 2. The scale must be packed in original packaging exactly as specified on the enclosed packing specifications sheet, or as instructed by a customer service representative. 3. DO NOT ship the scale via United States Postal Service. Always use a common carrier with a shipment tracking service and insure the merchandise. All shipping charges must be prepaid. 4. The scale must be in the same new condition as when sold, with literature and all instruction manuals. Customer is responsible for missing items, as well as all damages caused by improper use, mishandling, or shipping damages caused by inadequate packing. 5. All refunds are made within 10 to 14 business days by check only.
Software License Terms All software (including pre-loaded software contained in hardware) is provided subject to such software's user license agreement. You agree that you will be bound to such agreement.
Products Scientific Industriescontinually updates and revises it’s Products. Scientific Industries may revise and/or discontinue Products at any time. Changes in products shipped and products described on the Torbalscales.com website and/or direct sales materials are possible.
Shipping and Handling/Risk of Loss Product prices do not include Shipping and Handling charges. Scientific Industries will use its discretion in selecting a reputable carrier and appropriate means of shipment. Risk of loss or damage to Products in transit is yours. In the event of Product damage or loss during transit, it is your responsibility to file a claim with the carrier.
Limitation of Liability
BOTH YOURS AND SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES' LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE PRICE PAID FOR PRODUCT. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER YOU OR SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM PERFORMANCE OR FAILURE TO PERFORM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, OR FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE OR USE OF ANY GOODS OR SERVICE SOLD PURSUANT HERETO, WHETHER DUE TO A BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE , OR OTHERWISE. NEITHER YOU NOR SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER FOR INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN.
Title to Product(s) other than software passes from Scientific Industries to you upon shipment from Scientific Industries' facility. Title to software shall remain with the applicable licensor(s).
Governing Law/Waiver of Jury Trial This Agreement and all purchases hereunder shall be governed by and construed under the law of the state of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws rules. You agree that the courts of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over the parties for all disputes. Venue shall lie exclusively and only in either Suffolk County, New York; or the Eastern District of New York of the United States District Court.
THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR ORDER.
Headings The section headings used herein are for convenience or reference only and do not form a part of these terms and conditions, and no construction or inference shall be derived therefrom.
Critical Components The Products are not authorized for use as critical components in life support systems or situations where failure to perform can reasonably be expected to cause significant injury to users or others.
Force Majeure Scientific Industries shall not be liable for any delay or failure in performance caused by or resulting from acts of God, fire, flood, accident, riot, war, government intervention, embargoes, strikes, labor difficulties, equipment failures, or any other causes beyond the control of Scientific Industries. Quantities are subject to availability. In the event of shortage, Scientific Industries may allocate sales and deliveries in its sole discretion.
Waiver / Invalidity Failure of Scientific Industries to insist upon strict performance of any provisions hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of its right and remedies. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed by a court to be unenforceable, the remainder shall stay in effect.
Entire Agreement These terms and conditions constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between you and Scientific Industries concerning the Products and your purchase hereunder and supersedes any and all statements or other agreements, whether oral or written, between you and Scientific Industries.
User Agreement
This website is a complimentary web store offered by Scientific Industries, Inc. at no charge to users of the World Wide Web, with the express condition that these users agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this User Agreement. Access to and use of this Website is provided subject to these terms and conditions.
Privacy Agreement We are committed to protecting your privacy while shopping online. We use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption to ensure that all your personal information, including credit and debit card numbers, name, and address cannot be read by others. SSL is one of the most secure encryption technologies available. The characters you enter are converted to bits of code that are then securely transmitted over the Internet. Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We may use your current IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. We will only use the information that you provide to us in a lawful manor ( in accordance with the Data Protection Act of 1998). We will not sell, transfer, or otherwise give up any of your information, unless required by law. The information we collect from you is used to process your order and to ensure that we can provide you with the best service possible.
Use of Content The contents of this website are solely for the personal use of website users. You may not resell, republish, or copy (other than a copy for personal use), any of the contents of this website without the prior written consent of Scientific Industries, which may be withheld in its sole discretion.
Links This web site may link to other websites and websites operated by third parties. Scientific Industries has no control over any such other websites or the contents therein. Existence of links shall not constitute an endorsement by Scientific Industries of such web-sites, their contents or operators.
Copyrights and Other Intellectual Property Except where otherwise expressly noted, all contents of this website, including the graphics, icons and overall appearance of the website, are the sole and exclusive property of Scientific Industries. The posting of the contents of this website neither constitutes a waiver of any of Scientific Industries' proprietary rights, including but not limited to, copyrights, trademarks, patents, and other intellectual property, nor a transfer or license by implication or otherwise of any such right or of any license to the website user or to any third party. Contents of this website are protected by United States and international copyright laws, both as individual works and as a collection. You agree not to delete any copyright or similar notice from any contents you obtain from the website. UPS and the UPS brandmark are trademarks that are used with permission by the owner, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. All rights reserved.
ModificationsScientific Industries may at any time make modifications, changes, and alterations to the contents of this website, including these Terms and Conditions, without prior notice.
Information
About Us
F.A.Q.
Terminology
Terms & Conditions
Warranty
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Contact us
Your Account
Login or register
My Cart
Live help
Follow us
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Blog
Google+
Copyright © 2006-2020 Torbal ® is a registered trademark of Scientific Industries Inc. 80 Orville Dr. Bohemia, NY 11716