http://www.tgifridays.co.uk/terms-of-use/
Terms and Conditions | Fridays
TGI Fridays
October
Book a Table
Butcher's Box
Cocktails At Home
Menu
More
Christmas
Dine-in reopening
Famous at Fridays
Rewards
Gift Cards
Contact
COVID-19 Update
Find Us
October
Book a Table
Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Modern Slavery
Gender Pay Gap
App Specific Terms
Specific Promotional Terms
Terms of Use
Important Notice
These terms apply to your interaction with TGI Fridays UK either (I) directly via our website namely www.tgifridays.co.uk (ii) via our mobile app, or (iii) via a third party ("the site"). Our site gives you the chance to register for the latest news, competitions and promotions from TGI Fridays UK. By using the site and/or registering with us you agree that you have read, understand and accept these terms.
These terms should be read in conjunction with the Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy for the site which tells you how we collect and use personal data you provide to us or which we collect.
By accessing or using the site you confirm you have read, understood and agree to be legally bound by these terms, our Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy in their entirety each time you access the site. If you do not agree to these terms and/or the Privacy and Cookies Policy, please do not use the site.
Use of this site is restricted to those aged 13 and over. If you are under the age of 13, please stop using this site immediately.
For terms of use applicable to our restaurants located in Scotland, please see point 20 below.
For our mobile app usage please see our additional App Rules.
Information about us
This site is operated by Thursdays (UK) Limited trading as TGI Fridays UK (“we”, “us”, “our” “TGI Fridays”, “TGI Fridays UK”).
We are registered in England and Wales under company number 06034603 and our registered office is at c/o Buckles Solicitors Grant House, 101 Bourges Boulevard, Peterborough, PE1 1NG.
Our VAT number is 203 4537 42.
Use of the site
You may use this site for lawful purposes only. You must not use the site in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation or which is in any way unlawful or fraudulent.
You are allowed to access, download and print the materials on this site for your own personal, non-commercial use only provided you keep intact any copyright or property names.
You must not:
copy (including storing and downloading), distribute, publish, alter, adapt, create derivative works from, or otherwise use the material on this site, either in whole or in part except as expressly permitted above;
remove any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property notices;
use the site to transmit or procure the sending of any unsolicited or unauthorised spam or advertising material;
seek to interfere or damage the site or its content;
access or print any or all parts of the site for any commercial purpose and must get our permission before using it for commercial purposes;
frame, embed, harvest or link to this site or its content or use the material on this site, or any part of it, on any other site or social media platform; without first obtaining express written consent from us.
Content
We endeavour to ensure that the material contained on the site is accurate and complete at the date first published. However, we cannot guarantee this and you should recognise that information contained on this site may become out of date over time.
We reserve the right to alter, remove or update materials and information on the site at any time without notice.
The site and the information contained in it is provided for your use "as is" without any warranty (whether express or implied) of any kind.
Availability of the site
We reserve the right to suspend access to all or part of the site or close it indefinitely without notice. Access may be terminated or suspended either in relation to specific users or to all users.
To the extent permitted by law we accept no liability if the site becomes either temporarily or permanently unavailable.
In addition, we do not warrant that the functions or materials on or accessed from, this site shall be uninterrupted or free from errors.
Changes to these terms
We reserve the right to change or update our terms and conditions, and/or any part thereof including for promotions and at any time at any time without notice.
It is your responsibility to check the terms regularly in order to be aware of any changes which are made to them.
The most recent version of our terms and conditions will be located on the site so you should check these regularly. These terms and conditions are dated 05/07/2018
Ownership
We are the owner or licensee of all intellectual property rights in the site and in the materials and consent which appear on this site. This includes but is not limited to the text, photographs, images, graphics, illustrations, designs, written and other material including the program and code. Our rights include trademarks, copyright, design rights and all other intellectual property rights and all our rights are reserved.
If you acquire any rights in or to the site or materials on it, you agree to assign those rights, on a worldwide basis, to us and unconditionally and irrevocably to waive all moral rights you may have acquired.
Viruses and hacking
We do not warrant that the site, its content or the server(s) that make it available are error or virus free or free of other harmful components or that your use of this site will be uninterrupted. You are accessing this site at your own risk and to the extent permitted by law and subject to clause 12.1 we will not be liable for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of viruses or other harmful material which you access from this site.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that you have suitable equipment and security and virus protection in place before using the site.
You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server computer or database connected to our site.
You must not introduce viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, spyware, adware or other harmful materials to this site which may adversely affect the operation of any computer or program or this site.
Linking to and from the site
This site may contain links to sites operated by third parties. We have not reviewed and do not review such sites and are not responsible for the content of nor accept any liability howsoever arising in respect of any of such sites.
The presence of links to third party sites is not intended to and shall not constitute a recommendation by us of such sites nor of any advice or information posted on them.
If you wish to provide a hypertext or other link to or from this site, you will first need to obtain our written consent. We have sole discretion to permit or reject any such requests. Requests should be sent to web.marketing@tgifridays.co.uk along with the following information:
the URL(s) of the web page(s) from which you are proposing to link to this site; or
the URL(s) of the web page(s) on this site to which you are proposing to link and we will consider your request.
Password
If you register there are parts of the site which can only be accessed by users who we have given a password. Please see the registration section of these terms concerning passwords.
Feeds
RSS Feeds
We may provide information on our site via RSS Feeds. This information is provided solely for the convenience of users and we are not responsible for its content.
Twitter
A Twitter feed has been embedded into the site. This Twitter feed displays tweets placed by TGIFridaysUK and may also include comments made by other Twitter users. Tweets posted other Twitter users represent the opinion of that individual user only and are not endorsed or verified by us.
Our liability
If we fail to comply with these terms including the promotion terms, we are only responsible for any loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breach of the terms or our negligence. Loss or damage is foreseeable if they were an obvious consequence of our breach. We do not accept liability for any loss or damage which was not foreseeable.
Neither of us shall be responsible for any breach of these terms and conditions caused by circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
To the extent we may lawfully do so we exclude liability for any implied terms and conditions including those implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
However, nothing in these terms shall affect our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, nor our liability for fraud or serious misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Nothing in these terms affect your legal rights as a consumer. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office.
Laws
If any of the terms or conditions is or becomes invalid or contravenes any law then the remaining provisions shall not be affected.
It is intended that the site will be used by persons resident in the United Kingdom and Channel Islands.
These terms are governed by English law. You and we both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. However please note you may be able to bring proceedings in other jurisdictions.
No waiver shall constitute a waiver of any other terms.  No failure by us to exercise a remedy shall constitute a waiver to subsequently exercise any remedy.
Corporate Social Responsibility
To find out more about our corporate social responsibility please see Doing Our Bit
Contact us/ feedback/ complaints
To contact us please complete our online form, selecting the relevant reason for contact, which you can find here.  This will be forwarded to the relevant member of our team to respond to you.
Instore
Please note In England and Wales, any guests under the age of 13 must be accompanied at all times by a supervising adult over the age of 18. For restaurant specific policies for Scotland, please see point 20.
Registration
Only individuals 13 years or older and residing in the UK may become registered users.
We have sole discretion to determine whether or not to allow you access and register and we may suspend your access to this section of the site at any time.
If we do provide you with a user name and password, it is your responsibility to ensure that these details are kept confidential at all times and you must not disclose your password to any third party.
In the event that a third party gains access to your password, you should notify us immediately by emailing web.security@tgifridays.co.uk.We are not liable for any loss resulting from your failure to protect the confidentiality of your password.
We reserve the right to disable any user name and password at any time if in our opinion there is a risk of the confidentiality of the password being compromised.
Registered users are required to submit valid email addresses and personal information. This is for fraud prevention reasons and the data is kept securely in accordance with the TGI Fridays UK [Privacy Notice].
Any abuse will result in your registration being suspended, disabled or terminated. Abuse includes attempting to sign up for multiple accounts to gain access to a greater number of vouchers or any fraudulent activity, such as attempting to change the value of a voucher or participating in purchasing or redemption fraud. Fraud is a crime.
Vouchers
This paragraph sets out the general terms and conditions applicable to our vouchers. Every voucher issued may also have additional specific terms and conditions and you should read these carefully because they differ with each offer/promotion.
Vouchers can only be redeemed in TGI Fridays UK participating restaurants. Vouchers issued by other countries are not valid within the UK.
TGI Fridays UK reserves the right to change the terms of any voucher or other promotion or cancel such promotions at any time at its discretion. We will let you know of any changes on our site.
Only original vouchers must be presented and are invalid if altered, copied, damaged or defaced. Duplicates are not accepted or valid.
Capital Bonds are not accepted at TGI Fridays in Jersey.
Gift cards
Gift cards may be used at participating TGI Fridays UK restaurants in the UK and Jersey. They can be used in full or part payment for food and drink and are valid for 18 months from the date loaded. Gift cards should be treated as cash; TGI Fridays UK cannot reimburse monies lost due to mislaid, stolen or damaged cards.
Gift Cards can be purchasing online via our Business Partner, separate Terms, Privacy and Cookies Notices and Policies apply. The site can be accessed via https://giftcards.tgifridays.co.uk
Licensing (Scotland) notices
Premise: Queen's Links, The Beach, Aberdeen
Premise License Number: AC0212
Personal License Number of Named Premise Manager: GC07040
Terms of Access by Children (0-15 years) & Young Persons (16 & 17 years): Children and Young Persons using the facilities will usually accompany their parents/guardians as they dine in the facilities, Children who are unaccompanied will be allowed entry dependent on the level of maturity and behaviour and at the management’s discretion. Young persons who are unaccompanied will likewise be allowed entry depending on level of maturity and behaviour and at the management’s discretion. Children and young persons will be allowed access to the entrance lobby, restaurant area, toilets and all routes required to access and egress those parts.
Premise: 113 Buchanan Street, Glasgow
Premise Number: GC0440
Named Premise Manager: Mark McGettigan
Personal License Number of Named Premise Manager: ER/412
Terms of Access by Children (0-15 years) & Young Persons (16 & 17 years): Children and Young Persons are permitted on the premises for the purposes of taking a meal when accompanied by a responsible adult of 18 years or over. Children or Young Persons are not permitted in the bar areas
Premise: Unit 9, Xscape Leisure Developments, Kings Inch Road, Renfrew
Premise Number: PREM/313
Named Premise Manager: Diane Carey
Personal License Number of Named Premise Manager: RC/1458
Children will normally be accompanied by an adult of 18 years, however, Children will be allowed entry unaccompanied until 8pm and at the discretion of the management and after 8pm only if accompanied by an adult of 18 years or over; Young Persons will be allowed entry   unaccompanied and at the discretion of the management. Children and Young Persons are permitted in the bar area for the purposes of waiting for a restaurant table to become available.
Premise: 22-26 Castle Street, Edinburgh
Premise Number: 08/17232
Named Premise Manager: Michael McGarry
Personal License Number of Named Premise Manager AC4432
Terms of Access by Children (0-15 years) & Young Persons (16 & 17 years): Children and Young Persons must be accompanied by an adult of 18 years or over; Children and Young Persons must be on the premises for the purposes of taking a meal; No Children or Young Persons are permitted in the bar area
Premise: Units FS19 and 19a Union Square, Aberdeen
Premise Number: AC0703
Named Premise Manager: Elizabeth Hay
Personal License Number of Named Premise Manager:A-B-C-0691
Terms of Access by Children (0-15 years) & Young Persons (16 & 17 years): Children and Young Persons using the facilities will usually accompany their parents/guardians as they dine in the facilities; Children who are unaccompanied will be allowed entry dependent on the level of maturity and behaviour at the Management’s discretion. Young Persons who are unaccompanied will likewise be allowed entry dependent on level of maturity and behaviour at the Management’s discretion.
Premise: Unit 1, Cinema Block, Glasgow Fort, Glasgow
Premise Number: GC1974
Named Premise Manager: Joanne Markham
Personal License Number of Named Premise Manager: GC03936
Terms of Access by Children (0-15 years) & Young Persons (16 & 17 years): Children and Young Persons using the facilities will usually accompany their parents/guardians as they dine in the facilities; Children who are unaccompanied will be allowed entry dependent on the level of maturity and behaviour at the Management’s discretion. Young Persons who are unaccompanied will likewise be allowed entry dependent on level of maturity and behaviour at the Management’s discretion.
Premise: Unit 6, Silverburn Shopping centre, 763 Barrhead Road
Premise Number: GC2091
Named Premise Manager: David Wallace
Personal License Number of Named Premise Manager: GC03888
Terms of Access by Children (0-15 years) & Young Persons (16 & 17 years): Children and Young Persons using the facilities will usually accompany their parents/guardians as they dine in the facilities; Children who are unaccompanied will be allowed entry dependent on the level of maturity and behaviour at the Management’s discretion. Young Persons who are unaccompanied will likewise be allowed entry dependent on level of maturity and behaviour at the Management’s discretion.
Premise: Unit A3F Kinnaird Park, Fort Kinnaird, Edinburgh
Premise Number: 14/00240
Named Premise Manager: Sian O’Brien
Personal License Number of Named Premise Manager: AB-C-0766
Terms of Access by Children (0-15 years) & Young Persons (16 & 17 years): Children and Young Persons using the facilities will usually accompany their parents/guardians as they dine in the facilities; Children who are unaccompanied will be allowed entry dependent on the level of maturity and behaviour at the Management’s discretion but Children under 13 will not be allowed entry unaccompanied after 10pm. Young Persons who are unaccompanied will likewise be allowed entry dependent on level of maturity and behaviour at the Management’s discretion.
Specific promotion terms
Our promotions cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotions, offers, discounts or codes.
Promotions are applicable to the participating Friday UK restaurants only please see the Fridays UK locations.
For individual promotion specific terms please see Specific Promotion Terms.
Promotions may be terminated or changed at any time and are subject to participating restaurants whilst stocks last.
Restaurant bookings
For bookings, you might be asked for your credit/debit card details to guarantee the booking.
If for any reason you cannot fulfil your booking, please ensure you cancel online at least four (4) hours in advance.
Failing to attend or to cancel your booking within the notice period may result in a "No-Show" fee charge of £5 per guest on the reservation should we not be able to resell the table on the day.
Booking terms and conditions for festive and key dates are subject to change and will be released closer to the date.
We will be enforcing any local government guidelines and changes - management decision is final.
Fridays in your inbox
/ offers / news / rewards
Sign up
Home
ClickandCollect
Butcher's Box
Cocktails At Home
Dine-in reopening
Book a Table
Menu
October
Christmas
Famous at Fridays
Rewards
Gift Cards
Fridays Delivered
AtTheDriveIn
Fridays Locations
Find Us
Contact
Our Story
Allergens
FAQs
Instagram
Twitter
Facebook
Sitemap
The legal stuff
© 2020 TGI Fridays
×
×
Find a restaurant
Enter a location
clear
Matching restaurants:
Show restaurants near to:
Find My Nearest
{{ warning_noGeoLocation }}
×
...
Contains:
...