http://www.interactivepostcards.com/symbolic-interactive-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
CONNECT. ENGAGE. CONVERT.We Create Websites With A Purpose
Symbolic Interactive Privacy Policy Below is the Privacy Policy for Symbolic Interactive AgencyAt Symbolic Interactive, we recognize that many consumers who visit our Website are concerned about any information they provide us online, and how we maintain and use this information. To address these concerns and to demonstrate our commitment to privacy, we have developed and implemented this Privacy Policy for our domestic (i.e., U.S.) company. As this privacy policy may change from time to time, we encourage you to periodically check back to learn the items that may be updated.
What information we collect and how we use it:
We only collect personally identifiable information that you, as a Website visitor voluntarily and knowingly provide us;
We use the information that you provide us only for the purpose(s) for which you specifically provided it or for specific additional purposes for which we receive your prior consent;
We do not share any information you provide to us with anyone outside of Symbolic Interactive, and its direct affiliates, except for suppliers who assist us in maintaining and managing the activities on our Websites. These suppliers are legally obligated to maintain the confidentiality of any information we provide them, including your information. We may use a technology called "cookies" to enhance your experience on our Websites.
We employ appropriate security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of any information you provide us; and:
We provide you with choice and control over the collection and use of any personally identifiable information that you provide us on-line, and a means for updating, correcting or removing this information.
General:
We only collect personally identifiable information on a voluntary basis. We do not require that you provide this information to gain access to our Websites, and we do not require you to disclose more information than is reasonably needed to participate in an activity on our Websites. We collect personally identifiable information primarily to e-mail updates and news, for entry into promotions and to notify subsequent winners, to send out brochures, etc. via regular mail to subscribers, and to respond to your questions or suggestions. We do not sell any information we gather at our Websites to anyone outside of Symbolic Interactive, and its affiliates. We do not transfer or disclose any information we gather at our Websites to anyone outside of Symbolic Interactive, and its affiliates, without your prior consent, except (1) in cases where we believe in good faith that we have a legal obligation to disclose such information, and (2) to certain suppliers that assist Symbolic Interactive, and its affiliates, in maintaining and managing the activities on its Websites. Please be assured that these suppliers are legally obligated to maintain the confidentiality of this information and do not acquire any rights to use your information for their own benefit. We may share non-identifiable aggregate information about our users (for example, the % of male and female visitors to our Websites) with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties in an effort to customize or enhance the content and advertising on our Websites for our users.
We do reserve the right, in connection with the potential sale or transfer of the interests of Symbolic Interactive, and its subsidiaries and affiliates, to sell or transfer your information (including but not limited to your address, name, age, gender, zip code, state, and country of residency and other information that you provide through other communications) to a third party entity that (1) concentrates its business in a similar practice or service, (2) agrees to be Symbolic Interactive successor in interest with regard to the maintenance and protection of the information collected, and (3) agrees to the obligations of this privacy policy.
Cookies:
Like many companies, we may use a technology called "cookies" to enhance your experience on our Websites. The cookies Symbolic Interactive uses do not contain any personally identifiable information and cannot profile your system or collect information from your hard drive. You are not identified by name or e-mail address, just by a unique string of numbers that we assign the first time you come to our site.
Security:
We employ appropriate security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. For our family of Websites, we employ Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input, as an additional security measure. However, as no online data transmission can be guaranteed to be totally secure, we (like all Websites) cannot warrant or guarantee 100% security of any information you transmit to us at our Websites.
Links To Other Websites:
Neither Symbolic Interactive, nor any of its affiliates, shall have any responsibility of any nature whatsoever for other Websites linked to this Website, or any information contained thereon, none of which has been verified or endorsed by either Symbolic Interactive or any of its affiliates.
For more information about Symbolic Interactive visit, About Symbolic Interactive.
To learn more about our services, visit, Symbolic Services.
To view samples of our past projects, visit Our Work.
Receive future updates and project samples.
Contact UsThank you for your interest in Symbolic Interactive!To contact us to learn more about our services, including; Website Development, Search Engine Optimization, Traffic Building Services, Visitor Conversion and Email Marketing, please use the contact form below.
If you prefer, you can submit a Request for Proposal, or call us: 602.687.6060.
"*" Indicates a required field.
First Name *
Last Name
Company
Phone Number
Zip Code *
Email Address *
Message