http://www.barcons.org/about/policies
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
Bar-Cons Federal Credit Union is committed to making available financial products and services that will enable members to meet their financial needs and reach their financial goals.
Protecting personal information and using it in a manner consistent with his or her expectations is a high priority for everyone associated with our credit union.
Members of Bar-Cons also have a responsibility to safeguard their financial information.
To ensure that members can rely upon the quality of products and services we make available, our credit union stands behind the following privacy policy:
Our credit union will collect only the personal information that is necessary to conduct our business.
That means just what is necessary to provide competitive financial products and services—no more.
Our credit union will protect member’s personal information.
Our credit union will maintain strong security controls to ensure that member information in our files and computers is protected.
Where appropriate, we will use security-coding techniques to protect against unauthorized access to personal records, ensure accuracy and integrity of communications and transactions, and protect member confidentially.
Members will always have access to their information.
Members of our credit union will always have the opportunity to review their information and make necessary changes to ensure that our records are complete and accurate.
Our credit union will only share information when absolutely necessary.
We will only share information to administer the products and services we provide, when required to do so by the government, or when we partner with other businesses to offer a broader array of products and services.
Our credit union will partner only with businesses that follow strict confidentiality requirements.
The businesses we select will offer products designed to enhance our members’ economic well being.
Under no circumstances will we authorize these firms to charge a member’s account without the member’s express consent, and we will not sell member information to telemarketing firms.
QuickLinks
Auto Loans
Mortgage Loans
Credit Cards
Contact Us