http://www.cpradr.org/misc/privacy
Resource Center »
« Main Menu
Resource Center
ADR in the Time of COVID-19
Rules
Protocols & Guidelines
Model Clauses
Manuals and Guides
ADR Pledges
Toolkits
ICANN Decisions
Resources from Collaborating Organizations
Other
Non-English Language Resources
News & Publications »
« Main Menu
Current
Articles
Press Releases
In the News
Reports
Podcast
Audio & Video
Alternatives
Blog
Store
Events & Classes »
« Main Menu
Upcoming Events
Regional Meetings
Annual Meeting
Awards
Committee Meetings
Skills & CLE Training
Contact »
« Main Menu
Contact
About »
« Main Menu
What We Do
CPR's Vision, Mission and Values
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
History
Staff
Board
CPR Council
Annual Review
CPR Major Donors
Careers
Dispute Resolution Services »
« Main Menu
Why CPR?
CPR DRS Operating Principles
File a Case
Meet Your DRS Team
Services Offered
Pricing and Fees
Rules, Model Clauses & Protocols
Data Security
FAQs
Provide Feedback
Neutrals »
« Main Menu
Who are CPR Neutrals
Find a Neutral
Become a Neutral
For CPR Neutrals
Membership »
« Main Menu
Why Become a Member
About Membership
Membership Levels and Benefits
FAQs
Join / Renew
Membership List
View My Events
Update My Information
View My Committees
Programs »
« Main Menu
Committees
Y-ADR
Pledges
Online Dispute Resolution
International Initiatives
Special Initiatives
Public Policy
Awards
How to Get Involved
Home
Misc
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook
Terms of Use
Privacy
Sitemap
Credits
Privacy
CPR PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) sets forth the conditions under which you may access and use the website of The International Institute for Conflict Prevention & Resolution (“CPR”) (“Website”). By using or providing information to the Website, all Visitors understand and unambiguously consent to the collection, processing and use of such information in the United States and other countries and territories, for the purposes of providing the Website and related services as set forth herein. You also agree to be bound by CPR’s Policy then in effect and by all applicable laws. If you do not agree with the Policy, you should not access or use the Website for any purpose.
The Website is generally accessible by all visitors (“Visitors”); however, sub-sections of the Website that pull select data from CPR’s Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system are only accessible by certain Visitors who registered for CPR’s Website (“Portal”), and other sections of the Website are only accessible by members of CPR who have also registered for the Website (Members-Only Sections).
WHAT INFORMATION DOES CPR COLLECT?
Visitors understand and agree the CPR may collect, maintain, and process information provided by them to CPR, including certain personally identifiable information they may provide when filling out forms; requesting to receive information from CPR or otherwise interacting with our Website; and/or by interacting with CPR via phone, email, in person, at events or otherwise.
This information may include, for example, name; title; address; the name of the company you work for; business telephone number; business email address; fax number; country of origin; credit card information (if given to process orders, but not stored online); photographs (if submitted by neutrals to accompany their bios) and information otherwise collected by CPR concerning such Visitors on and through the Website.
Additionally, CPR may record and collect information about how Visitors use the Website. This data may include a Visitor’s domain name; membership status; language; type of browser and operating system; internet service provider; IP address; the site from which they arrived at the Website; the amount of time spent on the Website; and the ways in which they use the Website (collectively, “Usage Data”).
COOKIES
“Cookies” are pieces of information that are placed on a Visitor’s computer hard drive to enable Visitors to more easily communicate and interact with the Website, and to allow website hosts to understand and optimize user experience. These tracking technologies may be deployed by CPR and/or by its service providers on your behalf and for these purposes—it is not CPR’s intention to use cookies to retrieve any information that is unrelated to our Website and our Visitor’s interaction with same. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can configure your browser to stop accepting new cookies and to disable existing cookies. If you do choose to disable cookies in your browser, however, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our website’s features.
CPR’s website uses the following cookies:
_ga
_gat
_gid
cusid
cuvid
cuvon
cusid
PHPSESSID
Google Analytics Cookie (no personal data)
_ga
_gat
_gid
E-MAIL MARKETING SOFTWARE
CPR utilizes the email marketing software, ClickDimensions, for purposes of permission-based marketing. In every communication CPR sends, it also offers the option for recipients to change their subscription preferences or opt out of receiving future communications. ClickDimensions software utilizes cookies that allow CPR to understand email recipient’s interactions with CPR’s Website by following embedded links in the email, in order to enhance our information and services. However, ClickDimensions uses first-party HTML browser cookies in its technology, meaning that visitors are easily able to set their browsers to reject and delete cookies set by Click Dimensions and others. ClickDimensions complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. Learn more by reading ClickDimensions privacy policy here: http://clickdimensions.com/about/privacy-policy/
Click Dimensions Cookies:
cusid
cuvid
cuvon
LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING - HOW DOES CPR USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
CPR gathers and uses your personally identifiable information either because you have consented to this use and/or to further legitimate interests such as:
Business Uses:  to provide you with information or services requested or to carry out our obligations arising from CPR membership agreements, or agreements to list and promote our neutrals; to establish and manage accounts; and to analyze and develop new services and our website;
Providing Support:to respond to requests, questions, and comments; to notify you about changes; and to measure how effectively we address your concerns;
Website Experience:for the technical administration of our website; for internal operations; for membership administration; for troubleshooting; for data analysis, data analytics, testing, and research and development purposes; to ensure that content from our website is presented in an effective manner for you and for your computer; and as part of our efforts to protect the security and integrity of information collected via this website;
Protecting our Rights and Property: to protect our rights or property or that of our members or others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be affected; to recover debts; to prevent, detect, identify, investigate, respond, and protect against potential or actual claims, liabilities and prohibited behavior or activities;
Marketing:to communicate about, and administer participation in special events, programs, surveys, and other offers and promotions; and to send to you ADR-related updates and other informational or promotional email messages, which you may opt out of receiving as described below.
Disclosure Pursuant to Law: CPR may make information concerning Visitors, the Website, and the uses thereof, available to law enforcement personnel and agencies are required by law, it and may disclose such information if required by law or a judicial or governmental order of subpoena. Where permitted by law, CPR may also disclose such information to law enforcement personnel and agencies, or use such information as part of legal process, in order to protect its property or in furtherance of an investigation regarding a breach of CPR Member Services policies or any unauthorized access to or use of the Website, or any illegal activities concerning a particular Visitor.
LINKED SITES
CPR may provide links to third parties’ websites (“Linked Sites”) from the Website. Linked Sites are not necessarily reviewed, controlled or examined by CPR in any way and CPR is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of any such Linked Sites, or any additional links contained therein. These links do not imply CPR’s endorsement of or association with the Linked Sites.
CASE MANAGEMENT INFORMATION AND MATERIALS
Privacy terms relating to confidential information and materials parties and neutrals submit to us in the course of an arbitral or other dispute resolution proceeding may be set forth in the various CPR rules and procedures and/or any other agreement between the parties and neutrals.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
In order to manage our services and benefits effectively, and improve and optimize our Website and services as described above, CPR may utilize third parties to provide or perform certain services and functions on the Website. CPR will make information concerning Visitors and their use of the Website available to these service providers and business partners, as necessary, to perform these functions and services. The service providers may be located throughout the world; therefore information relating to Visitors may be sent worldwide to countries which have a different level of privacy protection to the U.S. or the country of residence of such Visitor.
SECURITY
CPR takes seriously the security of your personal information. CPR has therefore implemented technology and security policies and procedures intended to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or loss, or the unauthorized disclosure of or access to, such information, reasonably appropriate to the level of the data concerned. However, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and the Website, or data stored on CPR’s systems, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.
WHAT RIGHTS DO I HAVE IN RELATION TO MY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?
Depending on the circumstances and applicable law, you may have the right to:
Request access to any personally identifiable information we hold about you;
Object to the processing of your data for direct marketing purposes;
Ask to have inaccurate data held about you amended or updated;
Ask to have your data erased or to restrict processing in certain limited situations;
Request the porting of your personally identifiable information to another organization in control of your personally identifiable information; and/or
Object to any decision that significantly affects you being taken solely by a computer or other automated process.
If you wish to make a formal request for information we hold about you, you can contact us at dataprivacy@cpradr.org. Questions can also always be directed to info@cpradr.org.
HOW DO I UPDATE OR ACCESS MY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?
You can modify your own contact information by logging into the website and then selecting “Update My Information” under “Login/Account” in the upper righthand corner, or clicking the following link: https://www.cpradr.org/membership/portal-member-profile-update.
HOW DO I CHANGE THE TYPES OF COMMUNICATIONS I RECEIVE FROM CPR OR OPT ENTIRELY OUT OF BEING CONTACTED FOR PROMOTIONAL PURPOSES?
You may visit CPR’s Subscription Center HERE: https://www.cpradr.org/subscription-center where you can choose to receive specific types of communications, or to opt out of all email communications.  These options will also be provided to you via a link at the bottom of every CPR email.
Note: CPR may still send you limited transactional communications necessary solely for the operation of the Website or your concerning your CPR membership or panelist activity, to confirm purchases or details of events you have registered, or as otherwise permitted under this Policy.
We ask that you keep your data as up-to-date as possible. Please let us know if any personally identifiable information that we hold needs to be updated by contacting dataprivacy@cpradr.org.
HOW LONG WILL MY DATA BE MAINTAINED?
We retain your personal information for as long as we need it to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law. At the time we no longer need your personal information for any business or legal purpose, we will delete it.
CPR retains the personal information it processes on behalf of our customers as long as we have an agreement with them to process that data, subject always to applicable legal requirements.
UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
CPR may, in its sole discretion, update this Policy at any time and from time to time, by posting the amended Policy on the Website. The revised or amended Policy shall be effective upon posting. Any access to or use of the Website following such update shall be deemed consent to such update. All Visitors are therefore encouraged to refer back to this page regularly. This Policy may not be otherwise amended without the written consent of CPR.
CONTACT, QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, COMPLAINTS
If you would like to communicate with CPR regarding privacy issues or have questions, comments or complaints about this Policy, please forward such communication to dataprivacy@cpradr.org