http://www.face2facemeetings.com/privacy
Post IT Project
FAQs
Login|
Join
Contact
Auction
ExeCommunity
CEO CONNECT
Testimonials
Partners
Company
Events
EXECONNECT® PRIVACY POLICY Greeting  A very warm welcome to EXECONNECT, an executive meeting company with a unique program designed for corporate charitable giving. EXECONNECT is (i) a facilitator for arranging meetings between companies for the purpose of business development; and (ii) an online platform for business meeting auctions between companies on AuctionAgenda; and (iii) an online resource for hosting communications and business project meetings between and among executives on CEO CONNECT. More information about our website can be found at the Terms of Service and Use and Copyright Policy.  EXECONNECT Privacy Statement Date of Most Current Version – May 1, 2018
EXECONNECT recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our users, and has, therefore, instituted the provisions that are specified in this Privacy Policy.
Specifically, it is the policy of EXECONNECT that (i) it does not send spam to its users; (ii) it does not sell or otherwise make available to others the E-Mail addresses of its users; and (iii) the personal information of any of its users will never be released by it without a user's prior consent unless mandatorily required by law.
Due to the nature of the Internet and the offerings provided on our website, we reserve on a continuing basis the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of this Privacy Policy at any time.
If we do this, we shall both post the changed version of this Privacy Policy on this page, and will send to each user an E-Mail communication indicating the date upon which such changes were made together with a request that you review them online.
Notwithstanding such E-Mail communication and whether or not you review the changes, your continued use of our website after the date any such changes become effective constitutes your unqualified acceptance of the changed Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to abide by this Privacy Policy or any future changes to it, do not use or access our website.
User Information Collected During the Registration Process
In order for EXECONNECT to comply with various statutes, during the registration process for becoming a user of our website, it will collect the E-Mail address submitted by the registering user and will require that cookies be enabled only during the registration process for it to collect the Internet protocol address of the registering user's computer [and the version of the browser being used by the registering user] [and the referring URL for registering users following links from other websites to our website]. Other Data CollectedWe collect information when you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it. When you use EXECONNECT, you give us certain information voluntarily. This includes your name, email address, phone number, comments, and any other information you give us. We use the information we collect to provide a service to you.We also get technical information when you use EXECONNECT. Whenever you use any website, mobile application or other internet service, certain information gets created and logged automatically. The same is true when you use EXECONNECT.  Accessing Third Party Websites
Our website contains links to third party websites and may also include third party content such as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software and other content or items that belong to or originate from third parties.
These third party websites and third party content are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by EXECONNECT, and we are not responsible for any third party websites or third party content accessible or available from, or installed or posted on, our website, including, but not limited to, the content, accuracy, offensiveness, opinions, reliability, privacy practices, or other policies of or contained in the such third party websites or third party content.
If you decide to leave our site and access any third party websites or to use or install any third party content, you should be aware that this Privacy Policy no longer will govern your Internet session.
Therefore, you are then strongly advised to review and understand the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any third party website to which you navigate from our website or relating to any third party content you use or install from that third party's website.
Users Outside the United States of America
While we have made a policy to protect the personal information of all users of our website, EXECONNECT must attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws outside of the United States of America if they are applicable to it.
If you are located within the European Union, you should be aware that the personal information collected will be transferred to the United States of America, the laws of which may be deemed by the European Union to have inadequate data protection.
See, for example, European Union Directive 95/46/EC of 24 October 1995, a copy of which can be found here.
Further Questions Regarding This Privacy Policy
For further assistance, please send EXECONNECT an E-Mail with your specific questions set forth in detail to help@execonnect.com. You will receive a prompt reply E-Mail.
{the executive meeting company}
Refer
Home  |
Privacy Policy  |
Terms of Service & Use  |
Copyright Policy  |
Contact
© 2002 - 2020 EXECONNECT®.  All rights reserved.
EXECONNECT, the EXECONNECT logo, and other trademarks, service marks and designs are registered or unregistered trademarks of ExeConnect. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.
get intouch