http://www.eaglecrusher.com/privacy-policy
En Español
Blog
News
Share
About
Company
Careers
Blog
All Posts
Maintenance Tips
News
News & Events
In the Press
Contact
Email Team Eagle
Request a Quote
En Español
Share this page on Facebook
Share this page on Twitter
Share this page on LinkedIn
Products
Product Overview
Portable Impactor Plants
Crushing & Screening Systems
Screening Plants & Systems
Secondary Impactor Plants
Ultramax® Impactors
Jaw Crushers and Plants
Hammermills
Impactor Track Units
Pre-Owned Equipment
Industries & Applications
Parts & Service
Support
Genuine Eagle Parts
Genuine Eagle Blow Bars
Service
Maintenance Tips
FAQ
Financing
Benefits
Domestic
Overview
Programs
Scenarios
Download credit app
International
Search
En Español
Eagle Crusher remains open for business to support all parts and service needs our customers may have. Learn More
Eagle Crusher remains open for parts and service needs. Learn More
Eagle Crusher Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Eagle Crusher Company, Inc. collects,
uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User")
of the www.eaglecrusher.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the
Site and all products and services offered by Eagle Crusher Company, Inc.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of
ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the
site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out
a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources
we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email
address, mailing address, and phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site
anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only
if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply
personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging
in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they
interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the
browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means
of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service
providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places
cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track
information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies,
or to alert them when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts
of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Eagle Crusher Company, Inc. may collect and use Users personal information for
the following purposes:
To improve customer service:
Information you provide helps us respond to your
customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience:
we may use information in the aggregate to understand
how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site:
we may use feedback you provide to improve our products
and services.
To process payments:
we may use the information Users provide about themselves
when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this
information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the
service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey, or other Site feature:
to send Users information
they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails:
we may use the email address to send User information
and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their
inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing
list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related
product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe
from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the
bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices, and security
measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction
of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and
data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal
identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners,
trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Compliance with children's online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason,
we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know
are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under
13.
Keeping our site relevant to your interests
We have implemented several Google Analytics features based on Display Advertising,
to help make the content of and the advertising for our site better matched to
our site’s visitors’ interests, and to reduce the number of intrusive or annoying
ads on the Internet.
Included among the tools that help our business better serve you are Remarketing,
Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration,
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, and demographic and location
targeting as appropriate for display advertising.
During some periods of the year, we may use Remarketing with Google Analytics
to advertise online:
Third-party vendors, including Google, may show those ads on sites across the
Internet, to educate and inform customers and prospective customers.
Eagle Crusher, and third-party vendors including Google, use first-party cookies
(such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick
cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our
website. Visitors may opt out of DoubleClick’s remarketing cookies here: https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
In addition, Eagle Crusher, and third-party vendors including Google, use first-party
cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as
the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how ad impressions, other uses of ad
services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related
to visits to our website.
We will use data from Google’s interest-based advertising or third-party audience
data, such as age, gender, and interests, with Google analytics to best serve our
customers and prospective customers.
Using the Google
Ads Settings, visitors to our site may, at their option, opt-out of Google
Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads as they
wish.
We also encourage visitors who wish to learn more about their privacy options
to visit Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs, at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Changes to this privacy policy
Eagle Crusher Company, Inc. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at
any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed
about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge
and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically
and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not
agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site
following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance
of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site,
or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Eagle Crusher Company, Inc.
www.eaglecrusher.com
Corporate Offices 525 South Market Street, Galion, OH 44833 USA
1-800-253-2453
1-419-468-2288
TeamEagle@EagleCrusher.com
This document was last updated on December 29, 2014.
Site Map | Privacy Policy |
Join Our Newsletter | © 2018 Eagle Crusher Company, Inc. | En Español |
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address *
First Name
Last Name
Company
Material Crushed
Concrete
Asphalt
Aggregate
Other
None
Send More Information
Please Contact Me
Email Format
html
text
×