https://www.aquaguard5000.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
(772) 232 6274635 NW Buck Hendry Way, Stuart, FL 34994COVID -19 UPDATEFree shipping on orders over $2,000 to all retail customers!Facebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new window
Search:
Search
Login
Home Shop CommercialCommercial Swimming Pools Non-Slip Textured Application FS 454.1 Chapter 4 Toxicity Report (TCLP) LRV Rating Approvals on Colors AquaGuard 5000 Ice Blue pool paint that has high LRV rating
InfoAbout AquaGuard 5000Swimming Pool Finishes/Colors Non-Slip Textured Application FS 454.1 Chapter 4 Toxicity Report (TCLP) LRV Rating Approvals on Colors Ice Blue Commercially Approved high LRV rating What is Precipitation in Pools and how can it be prevented? Epoxy Pool Paint – FAQ Pool/Spa Resurfacing & Repair Basement Sealer Car Wash Resurfacing
Why AquaGuard 5000Residential Pools Commercial Pools DIY –
Pool Paint and Repair
CALCULATORPool Area Calculator
TIPS7 Steps to Pool Heaven With AquaGuard Plus Pool Care Recommendations
DealersDealer Login Find a Dealer Near You Benefits of Becoming a Dealer Website Plan Price Sheet Become A Dealer
Crack & Skimmer Repair – Epoxy Injector System
InstructionsAquaGuard 5000Precautionary Statements Application Instructions Common Problems With Fiberglass Pools Product Info. Bulletin Product Data Bulletin Coverage Chart
AquaGuard 5001Sealer/Primer – Product Data Bulletin
EquipmentCrack Repair Instructions – Super Epoxy Injector System Black Cat or Pressure Pot Sprayer Instructions
GalleryBefore and After Gallery Video Gallery Armed Forces Marine Habitats
News AboutAbout the Company Commercial Pool Restoration Team Meet The Team Testimonials
ContactContact AquaGuard Support Free Estimate
Review Us
Aquatic Technologies Online Purchase Agreement
Please read the following terms and policies carefully. When you use our website you agree and acknowledge that you have read and understand, and agree to be bound by these terms and policies.
Terms of Service:
These Terms of Service are hereby effective on January 01, 2015 and will apply to the website that you are visiting, www.aquaguard5000.com (the Website), which is owned by Aquatic Technologies Group, LLC (the “Company”).
Freight Charges:
FREE SHIPPING
That is right there is free shipping in the Continental U.S. on all AquaGuard orders over $2,000 All orders under $2,000 may incur shipping charges separately. All products are FOB from Stuart, FL 34994 and any additional charges requires a payment in advance before material is shipped.
Delivery Inspection & Refusal:
Imortant please check your shipment for freight damage or shortage before you sign a delivery receipt. Any freight damaged items must be noted on the Delivery Receipt and reported to us within 48 hours in order for a freight claim to be filed. When receiving your deliveries, if there is any damage to the packaging please note this on the delivery receipt and Bill of Lading before giving a signature. Then inspect all of the items delivered thoroughly. Please note fright claims may take up to 90 days for resolution. Aquatic Technologies Group, LLC cannot be responsible for damages not noted on the delivery receipt or reported beyond the 48-hour grace period. Even products and boxes that arrive in pristine condition may have freight-damaged goods inside, so please be 100% certain there are no damages before signing the receipt. Please be sure your items are inspected thoroughly before signing any acceptance documents and note the state of the products and or boxes. Please do not assume the item is not damaged because the box or bucket is not damaged or dented. If the products or boxes appear to be damaged in anyway, please note this on the delivery receipt. If the driver does not want to wait for you to inspect your order, please sign the delivery ticket noting the box or product was delivered Damaged. If our order is signed for without any notation of any damages on the deliver receipt, Aquatic Technologies will not be responsible for any damages for items received in unusable condition. Should your order appear damaged upon delivery, please refuse the damaged item before the carrier leaves shipment, or accept delivery with specific notes of damage on the receipt. If the damaged item is in your possession, please submit pictures of the damages and pictures showing the inner and outer packaging. We will not be held responsible for damages reported after 48 hours of receiving the order. If you are not able to provide pictures, you may be held responsible for shipping the item back to the warehouse.
Missing Items or Incorrect Items Received:
When inspecting your order, please make sure all of the items from your order are received before signing for the delivery. If an incorrect item is received, please contact us within 48 hours of receipt. We will need pictures of the incorrect item showing the material you received on the shipping label. If we find an item was received at the fault of Aquatic Technologies, we will issue a return label to you. Once the item is returned in saleable condition, a refund will be processed or replacement product shipped
Refund Policy:
All sales are final and there are no refunds on AquaGuard Products unless they are damaged or an error by Aquatic Technologies was made. Please make sure you have calculated the correct amount of product for your project. Aquatic Technologies Group, LLC is not liable for extra or unused product or color differentials/variations due to improper mixing.
Warranty:
A 10 year Guarantee that the product when applied correctly with 3 coats of AquaGuard 5000 can and will last up to 10 years
Share this page
Share on FacebookShare on Facebook
Pin itShare on Pinterest
TweetShare on Twitter
Share on LinkedInShare on LinkedIn
Share on WhatsAppShare on WhatsApp
Go to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing our use of cookies. Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.