https://www.speedypack.co.uk/contacts?id=help
PRICE PROMISE
FREE NEXT DAY DELIVERY
100% RECYCLABLE
HUGE RANGE OF PRODUCTS
Login
My Account
Trade Account
Checkout
sales@speedypack.co.uk
call us 0800 756 9984
Log In
Forgot Your Password?
Help
Menus
Contact
FAQ
Help
Payment & Delivery
Returns
Price Promise
Privacy Policy
There are a few ways to contact us
Find us at:
Unit 8 Park Gate Business Centre
Chandlers Way
Swanwick
Southampton
Hants
SO31 1FQ
Call us at:
0800 756 9984
Email us at:
sales@speedypack.co.uk
Send us a message
We would greatly appreciate your feedback on the products & services you receive with us
Palletwrap
Some people call this stretchfilm or industrial cling film. It is used to keep boxes stable on a pallet.
All our clear film is manufactured from cast polythene, this gives it better clarity and reduces the noise when the film comes off the roll. We have three grades medium, which can be used for securing pallets with a weigh up to 500kg, Heavy for pallet weights up to 1000kg and extra heavy duty for securing heavy or sharp items such as bricks.
We also supply black palletwrap which can be used when you want to keep your products protected from sunlight or prying eyes!
We also suppl a product called Handywrap which is 100mm and has been designed to make collating products easy. This film has a wide range of uses and is commonly used to bundle together items as diverse as plastic extrusions through to lengths of carpet.
View Pallet Wrap Category
View Handy Wrap Category
Polythene Bags
I don't know what grade to use? We stock Light, Medium and Heavy duty bags.
Light Duty Polythene Bags
They are very clear and have a glossy finish
These bags are typically between 100 and 120 gauge (25-30 micron) they are predominantly used for keeping items clean and dust free. Light Duty polythene bags are not good for sharp or heavy objects. Clothes, papers, buttons etc, are perfect for Light Duty Polythene Bags
Medium Duty Polythene Bags
Typically our Medium duty bags are between 200 and 250 gauge (50-62 micron). Again they are clear and glossy. Double the thickness of the Light Duty polythene bags means that they are easier to work with.
Heavy Duty Polythene Bags
These bags are proper heavy duty, think cement bags. They are between 400 and 500 gauge (100-125 micron) and can handle weights up to 20 Kg without problems.
We are happy to supply samples to help you decide what duty is right for you.
Polythene - What about the Environment? Our range of polythene products are NOT biodegradable. However, polythene is photodegradable, this means that although they will not breakdown in a landfill site they will breakdown in sunlight. This usually takes around 12 months.
Polythene Bags - Sizing. The majority of our polythene bags are shown in millimetres. 25.4mm to one inch.
Sealing Polythene Bags. We have a range of "seal again" polythene bags that have a press together closure that can be sealed and resealed time after time. Our range of light, medium and heavy duty polythene bags can be sealed with a heatsealer. These are very cost effective machines that offer the ultimate seal.
Printed Bags. Subject to minimum quantities we can supply printed polythene bags. Just let us know your requirements. Recycling All our range of polythene bags, polythene sheeting, polythene sheeting and grip seal bags are all recyclable. Food use All our stock polythene (excluding polythene sheeting and refuse sack) is suitable for food use
Polythene Layflat Tubing
Important information about dimensions
Our range of polythene layflat tubing is measured when the tubing is laid flat and equates to half the circumference. Therefore a 127mm diameter item will not fit into 127mm wide polythene layflat tubing.
To find the right size layflat tubing for a 127mm diameter item, you need to multiply 127 x 3.152 (pi), which, in this case, equals 400mm. Our nearest available stock size would be 406mm.
What is the best way to seal Polythene Layflat Tubing? You can tape or staple the ends to seal them, however for the best seal we would recommend that you use a heatsealer.
Can I make polythene bags from Polythene layflat tubing? Yes you can and many people do. It is very easy to do with a heatsealer and gives you excellent flexibility.
Is Polythene Layflat Tubing Airtight? No, however it is full watertight!
View Polythene Layflat Tubing Category
View Heatsealers Category
Polythene Sheeting
As it is made from recycled materials our range of Polythene Sheeting is not suitable for food use.
We supply we three different grades of polythene sheeting namely:
Light Duty 260g. This is suitable for a dust a sheet. Our black film is often used by gardeners to keep weeds at bay.
Medium Duty 320g. This grade is much stronger and can be used for protecting pallets of goods prior to transportation. It offers good levels of protection and is often used to protect pallets of goods from the elements.
Heavy Duty 1000g. This duty is extremely thick and is often used by the building and marine trade. If you intend to use polythene sheeting as a temporary floor covering use this grade. Be careful that as it can be slippery especially when wet.
Our polythene sheeting is supplied in rolls and centre folded. 1000mm opens out to 2000mm and our 4000mm is multifolded down to a 1000mm wide roll for ease of use.
PP Strapping
Polypropylene strapping is an excellent method for securing products onto a pallet.
All our PP strapping is 12mm and can be sealed by using standard 12mm seals or strapping buckles.
We have a range of starter kits available and supply strapping, seals and all associated tools.
They are very easy to use and we are here to offer advice if you need it.
Heat Sealers
Well we have two ranges PacSeal and ProSeal.
The PacSeal range is available up to 400mm wide and are supplied with a film cutter as standard. They can seal both Polythene and Polypropylene films.
PacSeal Heat sealers are know as "impulse" machines whereby the sealing element only heats up for the split second required to make the seal. They can seal up to two layers of 250mic (1000 gauge) film The ProSeal range offers the next generation of heat sealer technology. They are ergonomically designed and are perfect where fast, reliable heat sealing is required. They are simple to operate and are able to seal Polythene, Polypropylene and PVC foil films. This range of machines won the Reddot award for design in 2008.
Is it ok to seal Cellophane with a heat sealer? No you cannot seal cellophane with a heat sealer because real Cellophane is paper. However our range of "cellophane" bags are actually oriented polypropylene that can be safely sealed with either PacSeal or ProSeal machines.
My Seal keeps bursting, whats going on? Its probable that your machine is not set up to provide the correct heat. Click it up a notch at a time until you find the setting that gives you the correct seal.
My Seal looks all crinkly, whats going on? More than likely its too much heat, take the heat down a notch at a time until you find the setting that gives you the perfect seal.
What's the black stuff on the heating element? It shouldn't be there and is probably burned polythene residue caused by having the sealer set up too high. Clean it off and reduce the heat. Use trial and error to find the minimum heat you can use to accomplish the perfect seal.
Ordering Help
Ordering is easy at Speedypack. Select your products using the menu on the left hand side of the screen. When you have chosen the product you wish to order simply type in the quantity and hit the orange buton. You will then be taken to your shopping cart. This will show you what you have ordered. If you need to add more items click on a category from the left.
To checkout and pay click on the blue checkout button, you will then be taken through the payment gateway at Sagepay.
If for any reason you get stuck call us on 0800 756 9984 or contact us through our "live help" application on the website.
Samples
We are happy to supply samples of any of our products, just email us your requirements.
Help with products
We have compiled a list of frequently asked questions (click here)
If you can't find the answer you require please call us on 0800 756 9984
Payments
All payments on speedypack.co.uk are securely processed using Stripe
Should you require any further information regarding any aspect of how our online checkout works please call us FREE on 0800 756 9984.
Deliveries
England, Wales and Scottish Lowlands
Orders over £50.00 (net of discounts and VAT) our normal carriage is Free of Charge. If your order is less than £50.00 you will be charged an additional £5.99 for postage & packing.
Other Areas
Orders over £150.00 are delivered free of charge. If your order is less than £150.00 you will be charged as follows:
Scottish Highlands £20.99Scottish Grampian £23.49Eire £21.99Northern Ireland £26.99Isle of Wight £12.99Scilly & ChannelIslands £31.49
Orders received by us before 3.00pm will normally be delivered the next day (except weekends). Orders placed on Saturday or Sunday are despatched on Monday.
If you would like to return a product that you purchased from SpeedyPack, you must complete our online returns form. Before you can proceed, you must agree with the following points:
1. Customers have the right to return goods at any time up to 7 working days starting the day after delivery.
2. Customers are required to send the products back to us at your own cost, unused and undamaged with their original packaging.
3. The customer has a duty of care while the goods are in their possession and they are the customer's responsibility until the goods have been received on the premises of SpeedyPack
4. For returns to be correctly processed and refunded, the customer must complete the online returns form below and clearly attach the resulting form to the outside of the goods.
5. In the unlikely event that you should receive damaged or defective products, please continue with this returns process and state the problem where appropriate. Our returns team will contact you to further investigate the problem.
6. Goods must be returned in full pack quantities. We are unable offer any refunds if a partial pack quantity is returned.
7. For non-defective goods returned by the customer to the company, within 7 days of their delivery, the company will refund the price paid minus a re-stocking administration fee of 10% of the value of the order.
8. For goods returned by the customer after 7 days from their delivery date, the company will refund the price paid minus a re-stocking charge of 15% of the value of the order.
Where all the above points are adhered to, SpeedyPack will raise a refund within 14 working days of the goods being returned to our premises.
If you would like to return a product to us now, please tick below to agree with these terms and complete our online returns form.
Check to agree with the SpeedyPack returns policy:
I agree
Return a Product Step 1 of 2:
If you would like to return part or all of your order to SpeedyPack, please complete the form below. Make sure you include the invoice number of the order that you wish to return.
Reason for return:
Goods no longer required
Ordered Too Many
Ordered Wrong Item
Ordered Wrong Size
Damaged or Faulty
Other
Return a Product Step 2 of 2:
In order to process your returns, you will need to attach a completed returns form to the outside of the goods.
By clicking the "Submit Return Request" button below, your completed returns form will be created and sent to you by email. This will contain all of the information you entered during the first step. Simply print this out and securely attach it to the outside of your goods.
If you are returning multiple packages, please affix a copy of the returns form to each individual package.
The Speedy Pack Price Promise
At Speedy pack we’re confident that you won’t find cheaper prices anywhere else. So much so that if you find the same product* at a lower price we will beat it by a further 5%. If you find the cheaper product after your purchase, get in touch (up to 7 days after your order) and we’ll refund the difference.
In addition to this,  if you order goods over £50 (including VAT and any discounts) we’ll send it to you free of charge. If your order is under the £50 threshold we also charge a flat rate of just £5.99, regardless of weight or volume.
How to request a Price Promise Deal
Simply, call us our sales team on 0800 756 9984
or email sales@speedypack.co.uk– either before you’ve bought from us, or up to 7 days afterwards.>Please tell us the product code (from your receipt or the top of the product page), our price, and the competitor with the lower price, along with a link to their product page if you have it. Also let us know of any relevant promotions or voucher codes that you may be using.
*Same product describes identical ‘like for like’ product, including brand, size and quantity
This privacy policy sets out how speedypack uses and protects any information that you give speedypack when you use this website. speedypack is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. speedypack may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@speedypack.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to .
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Not Now
Add to Cart
View cart & checkout