https://www.degemmill.com/privacy-policy/
Retail Store:
(717) 747-1391
Corporate Office:
(717) 755-9794
Back to Top
Contact Us
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We appreciate you and value your information.
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.degemmill.com. This privacy policy applies solely to the information collected by this web site.
The Information We Collect:
Information You Provide to D.E. Gemmill Inc.
We collect Personally Identifying Information that you provide to D.E. Gemmill Inc. “Personally Identifying Information” is information that individually identifies you, such as your name, physical address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card number, and any other information that would allow someone to identify or contact you. D.E. Gemmill Inc. asks for your Personally Identifying Information so that it can process and fulfill orders that you make using the Services. Of course, you may choose not to provide D.E. Gemmill Inc with Personally Identifying Information. However, this choice may prevent D.E. Gemmill Inc. from providing you with the product, information, or service you requested or that could be offered to you.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use the services, we may automatically collect information about you, including usage and Log Data. Your IP address, browser, and activity on the service.
Data Collected Through Cookies and Similar Technologies
Like many online services, we use various technologies to collect usage data and store preferences. One such technology is called a cookie. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the services and to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the services. Also, we may create a unique device or user ID for you and store it in a cookie so we can recognize you and customize your experience based on your preferences. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies or to prompt you before accepting such a cookie. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject browser cookies, this could affect the availability or functionality of the services.
Using the Information:
Use in General. We may use your information for a variety of purposes, including to:
-Provide, operate, maintain and improve the Service.
-Respond to your comments, questions, and requests and to provide customer service and support.
-Conduct research.
-Prevent potentially illegal activities.
-Fulfill your requests for the Services.
-Provide information that is relevant to you.
-Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Services and for marketing or advertising purposes; and for other purposes about which we notify you.
Email Marketing & Opt-In:
If you order from us, or contact us, we assume you are interested in our products and therefore opt you in to our email lists. When we email you it is typically to offer information, discounts or specials. These emails are not very frequent. If at any time you are no longer interested in receiving these emails, please unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information. (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
Links
This website uses links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Updates:
D.E. Gemmill Inc. Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time per our discretion. An updated policy will be posted and maintained for your convenience.
Questions or Comments:
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, contact us with your concerns via email at info@degemmill.com or by calling us at 717-755-9794. You can also send mail to us at 10174 Chapel Church Road Red Lion, PA 17356.
D.E. Gemmill Can Custom Make your COVID-19 Construction Site Signage!COVID-19 Signs