https://www.nagraaudio.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of useNAGRAAUDIO.COM TERM OF USE Audio Technology Switzerland SA (“we”, “us” or “Audio Technology Switzerland SA”) maintain the Audio Technology Switzerland SA website as a service to its visitors. By using this website, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use. Please review the following terms carefully. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not obtain information from or otherwise use this website.IntroductionYou agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) with respect to this website (the “Site”). This Agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, the content provided by or through the Site, and the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended at any time by us from time to time without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement will be posted on the Site, and you should review this Agreement prior to using the Site.Intellectual property rightsAll information, documents, communications, files, text, graphics, software and products available through the Site, as well as their selection and arrangement (collectively, the “Materials”), are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, and/or other intellectual property laws, and any unauthorized use of the Materials may violate such laws and this Agreement. Except as expressly provided herein or pursuant to a separate license agreement, Audio Technology Switzerland SA and its suppliers do not grant any express or implied rights to use the Materials. You agree not to copy, republish, frame, download, transmit, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, assign, distribute, license, sublicense, reverse engineer, or create derivative works based on the Site or the Materials, except as expressly authorized herein. In addition, you agree not to use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction methods in connection with the Site.Use of softwareThe software and accompanying documentation that is made available to download from this Site is the copyrighted and/or patented work of Audio Technology Switzerland SA and/or its suppliers. Use of the software is governed by the terms of the license agreement that accompanies or is included with such software. Such terms are incorporated by reference herein. You will not be able to install or use any software that is accompanied by or includes a license agreement unless you agree to the terms of such license agreement. If you do not agree to such terms, you will not be able to use the software. Absent a license agreement that accompanies the software, use of the software will be governed by this Agreement. You agree that you will not decompile, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the software available on the Site.Trademark informationAudio Technology Switzerland SA Marks means all names, marks, brands, logos, designs, trade dress and other designations Audio Technology Switzerland SA and its subsidiaries use in connection with their products or services. You may refer to products and services by the associated Audio Technology Switzerland , provided that such reference is truthful and not misleading and complies with the then current Audio Technology Switzerland Trademark and Logo policy and Design Guidelines, which may be obtained by contacting Audio Technology Switzerland SA’s Marketing Communications Department at +41 21 643 72 40. You may not remove or alter any Audio Technology Switzerland Marks, nor may you use the Audio Technology Switzerland SA in any manner that is inconsistent with Audio Technology Switzerland SA’s ownership of such Marks. You acknowledge Audio Technology Switzerland SA’s rights in the Audio Technology Switzerland Marks and agree that any and all use of Audio Technology Switzerland SA Marks by you shall inure to the sole benefit of Audio Technology Switzerland SA. You agree not to incorporate any Audio Technology Switzerland SA Marks into any other trademarks, service marks, company names, Internet addresses, domain names, or any other similar designations without Audio Technology Switzerland SA’s permission.Limited right to useUnless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by Audio Technology Switzerland SA, the viewing, printing or downloading of any Materials from the Site grants you only a limited, nonexclusive license for use solely by you for personal, internal, noncommercial purposes and not for republication, distribution, assignment, sublicense, sale, preparation of derivative works or other use. No part of any Materials may be reproduced in any form or incorporated into any information retrieval system, electronic or mechanical, other than for your personal, internal, noncommercial use (but not for resale or redistribution). The rights specified above to view, download and print the Materials are not applicable to the design or layout of the Site. Elements of the Site are protected by trade dress and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.Editing, deleting and modificationWe reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit or delete any Materials appearing on the Site.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold Audio Technology Switzerland SA. and its affiliates (collectively, the “Affiliated Parties”) harmless from and against any liability, loss, claim or expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, related to your violation of this Agreement or use of the Site.Non transferableAny password or right given to you to obtain Materials from the Site is not transferable. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account number and/or password, if applicable. You are responsible for all uses of your account, whether or not actually or expressly authorized by you.Warranties and disclaimersUNLESS EXPRESSLY AGREED OTHERWISE IN WRITING BY AUDIO TECHNOLOGY SWITZERLAND SA, THE MATERIALS AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. AUDIO TECHNOLOGY SWITZERLAND SA HEREBY DISCLAIMS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE). THE MATERIALS AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE, AND THE SITE ITSELF, MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, TECHNICAL OR OTHER MISTAKES, INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. WE AND OUR AFFILIATED PARTIES HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR YOUR USE OF ANY MATERIALS AVAILABLE FROM OR THOUGH THE SITE, OR THE SITE ITSELF. IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, WE AND OUR AFFILIATED PARTIES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE), WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE NEGATION OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US AND YOU. THE MATERIALS AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE, AND THE SITE ITSELF, WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS.Links to other websitesThe Site may now, or hereafter from time to time, contain links to third-party websites. We do not control such websites nor do we investigate, monitor or check such websites for accuracy or completeness. Accordingly, we are not responsible for the content or opinions expressed in such websites. We provide such third-party links only as a convenience to visitors of the Site, and the inclusion of a link does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked site by us. If you decide to leave the Site and access any third-party website, you do so at your own risk. Audio Technology Switzerland SA disclaims all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy, legality, reliability or validity of any content on any other site.Forward-looking statementsThe Site may now, or hereafter from time to time, contain certain statements or information with respect to (i) the projection of revenues, income, earnings per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure, or other financial items relating to us; (ii) our plans, objectives and/or projections for future operations, including those relating to our products or services; (iii) our future economic performance; and (iv) other projections, estimates or forward-looking statements relating to us. All such statements and information are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based upon, or will be based upon, our judgment with respect to future events at the time any such forward-looking statement is made. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of uncertainties and risks that could cause actual results or circumstances to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statement.InformationThe Site contains information about us, our business and our products, including links to third-party websites that contain such Information, which are being provided as a convenience to visitors of the Site.While all Information prepared by Audio Technology Switzerland SA was believed to be accurate as of the date prepared, we disclaim any duty or obligation to update any Information. Statements concerning companies other than Audio Technology Switzerland SA that are contained in any such Information should not be relied upon as being provided or endorsed by us. The opinions expressed in any Information prepared by third parties are solely those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the opinion of Audio Technology Switzerland SA. With respect to Information contained in links to third-party websites, please refer to the section above entitled “Links to Other Websites.”Visitors’ communicationsExcept where expressly provided otherwise by us, all comments, feedback, information, or materials submitted to us through or in association with the Site shall be considered non confidential. By submitting such comments, feedback, information, or materials to us, you agree to grant Audio Technology Switzerland SA an unrestricted, worldwide, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit, and distribute such materials, and you also agree that Audio Technology Switzerland SA is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send us for any purpose without any compensation to you. However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted such materials to us unless: (a) you grant us permission to do so; (b) we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law and/or in response to a subpoena or court order; or © we believe it necessary in order to protect the rights of Audio Technology Switzerland SA or others.You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from the Site any unlawful, threatening, harassing, libelous, offensive, defamatory, obscene, or pornographic materials, or other materials that would violate any law or the rights of others, including, without limitation, laws against copyright infringement, and rights of privacy and publicity.Personal information and privacyTo learn about how Audio Technology Switzerland SA protects your personal information, such as your name and address, refer to the Audio Technology Switzerland SA Online Privacy Policy. Except as set forth in the Privacy Policy or in this Agreement, your personal information will be deemed to be confidential. Any non-personal information or material sent to Audio Technology Switzerland SA will generally be deemed to NOT be confidential. You understand and agree that we may disclose information about you if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Audio Technology Switzerland SA or others, or as stated in our Privacy Policy.MiscellaneousThis Agreement shall be treated as though it were executed and performed in Romanel- sur-Lausanne, Switzerland, and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Swiss laws (without regard to conflict of law principles). Any cause of action by you with respect to the Site (and/or information, documents and other materials contained therein) must be instituted within one (1) year after the cause of action arose or be forever waived and barred. You expressly submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of Switzerland with respect to all matters relating to this Agreement or your use of the Site, and consent to extra-territorial service of process in connection therewith. Should any part of this Agreement be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. To the extent that anything in or associated with the Site is in conflict or inconsistent with this Agreement, this Agreement shall take precedence. Our failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision. NAGRA NEWSLETTER: Stay in The knowGet the latest news from Nagra plus some exclusive content directly in your inbox. Email Address
Up
UP
XGet the latest news from Nagra plus some exclusive content directly in your inbox. Email Address
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok