http://www.priva.ca/privacy-policy
Contact
This privacy policy applies to the personal data that is collected or used by Priva Holding B.V. or its affiliates or subsidiaries (“Priva”)
Zijlweg 3
P.O. Box 18
2678 ZG De Lier
2678 LC De Lier
the Netherlands
the Netherlands
+31 174 522 282
privacy@priva.nl
Scope
This Privacy Statement applies to:
(potential) customers of Priva
visitors to the Priva websites
recipients of newsletters and commercial emails sent by Priva
all other persons who contact Priva or of whom Priva processes personal data
Types of personal data
Personal data provided by you:
contact details and other personal data needed to provide our products and services
contact details and other personal data provided during for example events, seminars and information on business cards
contact details and other personal data provided through contact forms or other web forms
Personal data obtained through or generated on our website, electronic newsletters, commercial emails or related technologies:
IP address
your browsing behaviour on the website (including our web applications) such as information on your first visit, previous visit and current visit, the visited pages and the manner in which you navigate on the website
whether you open a newsletter or commercial email
Personal data obtained from other sources:
Personal data obtained from the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce
Social Media
Reasons Priva may use your personal data for
Implementing an agreement related to our products and services.
Your contact details will be requested. Priva may also require other personal data to be able to execute the agreement, depending on the actual circumstances. The data will also be used to invoice the products and services Priva provided to you.
Stay in touch with our customers.
Your contact details will be recorded in our systems and can be used to send you newsletters, updates, invitations to events and seminars and requested information.
Access control and company security
Related to our Data Services related web and mobile applications: an identifier related to an authenticated user is used by our Services to authorize this user. For display purposes only (so the user can recognize her/himself in our applications) we use the DisplayName provided by our identity provider (Microsoft Azure AAD B2C).
Carrying out and analysing customer satisfaction surveys
Preparing user statistics
The user statistics of the website enables Priva to get an idea of the number of visitors, the duration of the visits, what sections of the website are visited and the click-behaviour. These are generic reports without any information about individual persons. Priva uses the collected information to improve the website.
Legal grounds for processing your personal data
Based on an agreement or for the conclusion of an agreement
A legal obligation
Approval, although you will always have the right to withdraw any permission you have given Priva upon request
In relation to a legitimate interest, Priva may, for example, use your contact details to invite you to an event.
Processors
Priva may hire service providers (processors) for the processing of your personal data which solely process your personal data based on our instructions. Priva will conclude a data processing agreement with these processors which meets the requirements laid down in the General Data Protection Regulation.
Priva, for example, works with service providers offering IaaS solutions (Infrastructure as a Service) or hosting services. Priva also hires IT service providers that provide support to the operation of our systems. Priva also makes use of third-party services to send newsletters and commercial emails.
Third parties
Priva sometimes needs to share your personal data with third parties, depending on the actual circumstances. There are also legal obligations that requires Priva to disclose personal data to third parties.
Your personal data will not be shared with third parties for commercial purposes.
Personal Data can also be provided to third parties in case of a reorganisation or merger of our company or sale of (a part) thereof.
Transfer outside the European Economic Area
Priva may need to transfer your personal data to parties located outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), depending on the circumstances.
The processors located outside of the European Economic Area which provide Priva with services related to online newsletters and mailing alarm notifications are located in the United States and have a registration for the EU-US Privacy Shield. You can find more information on: https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
Rights regarding your personal data
You have the right to access, correct and remove your personal data. You can also object to the use of your personal data or request to limit their use. In certain cases, you can request your data and transfer them to another party. If you have any questions, please contact privacy@priva.nl or call +31 (0) 174 522 282.
Complaints
If you have any complaints about how Priva handles your personal data, please contact Priva by sending an email to privacy@priva.nl. Priva would be happy to assist you. If this is not possible, you can always contact the Data Protection Authority through https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/
Changes
Priva may change this Privacy Policy. Priva invites you to regularly check the Privacy Policy to keep informed. Priva will also inform you of any substantial changes through this website.
Available Downloads
Priva Privacy Policy