http://www.sentry.com/footer/legal-disclaimer
Search
Who we serve
What we offer
Why choose Sentry
Log in
About us
Careers
Contact us
For agents and brokers
800-473-6879
Find an agent
Sentry Insurance home
Legal disclaimer
Legal information
Print
The following information focuses on our Sentry Group of Companies and associated legal information.
The Sentry Group of Companies Includes:
Sentry Insurance a Mutual Company
Dairyland County Mutual Insurance Company of Texas
Dairyland Insurance Company
Dairyland National Insurance Company
Florists’ Insurance Company
Florists’ Mutual Insurance Company
Middlesex Insurance Company
Parker Centennial Assurance Company
Patriot General Insurance Company
Peak Property and Casualty Insurance Corp.
Sentry Life Insurance Company
Sentry Life Insurance Company of New York
Sentry Select Insurance Company
Sentry Casualty Company
Sentry Lloyds of Texas
Viking Insurance Company of Wisconsin
Sentry Equity Services, Inc.
Parker Services, L.L.C.
Parker Stevens Agency, L.L.C.
Point Insurance Agency, LLC
Florists’ Insurance Service, Inc.
Property and casualty coverages are underwritten and safety services are provided by a member of the Sentry Insurance Group, Stevens Point, WI. Individual life insurance, group and individual annuities are issued and administered by Sentry Life Insurance Company, Stevens Point, WI. In New York, individual life insurance, group and individual annuities are issued and administered by Sentry Life Insurance Company of New York, Syracuse, NY. For a complete listing of companies, visit sentry.com. Policies, coverages, benefits, and discounts are not available in all states. See policy for complete coverage details. In New York coverage provided through policy form numbers: (Life Insurance) 390-1000 (SLONY), 390-2003-SLONY; (Group Annuity) 840-300(NY); (Individual Annuity) 380-440.
Legal Disclaimer
This website is for convenience and information purposes only, and is made available by Sentry Insurance a Mutual Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “SIAMCO”) with the understanding that SIAMCO is not engaged in the practice of law, nor is it rendering legal, tax, accounting, investment, or financial advice. The information contained in this website is of a general nature and is not intended to address the circumstances of any particular individual or entity. No one should act on the information contained in this website without legal/financial advice from competent and licensed local professionals.  THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS WEBSITE IS DISTRIBUTED BY SIAMCO “AS-IS,” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES. SIAMCO’S LIABILITY IS LIMITED AS SET FORTH ON THIS WEBSITE’S TERMS AND CONDITIONS PAGE.
Notices
Customer notifications
Legal disclaimer
Privacy policy
Sitemap
System requirements
Terms and conditions
Web accessibility
Customer notifications
Legal disclaimer
Privacy policy
Sitemap
System requirements
Terms and conditions
Web accessibility
Find an agent
Enter your ZIP code
Select an industry
Construction
Dealerships
Farm equipment manufacturers
Manufacturing and processing
Retailers and distributors
Service industries
Trucking
Find
Please enter a ZIP code.
Please check your ZIP code!
Please select an industry.
What can we help you find?
Search
×
Unsupported Browser
Warning, we have detected that you are running an unsupported browser.
We recommend upgrading your browser or running on a different browser.
In the meantime, this site may not operate completely.
Close