https://www.globalvirtualinterviews.com/privacy-policy
Back to Top
Toggle navigation
Videoconference RoomsManaged ServicesLegal/CourtAboutContact
Privacy PolicyWe are committed to protecting your right to personal privacy. This notice is to explain the type of information we collect on this web site (the “Site”) and how we use this information. This Policy also explains the choices that you can make about the way your information is collected and used.By using this web site you are deemed as agreeing to use of these details as described in this Policy.Information we collect – personally identifiable informationWe request identifying information from you for specific purposes. Typically, identifying information is collected:For registration to certain areas of the Site;To allow us to respond to your enquiries for further information;To distribute requested materials.The type of personal information collected on the Site could include your name, address, email address, telephone number, user name and password.Information we collect – non-personally identifiable informationWe use cookies to collect this type of information. Cookies are files or pieces of information that may be stored on your computer’s hard drive when you visit a site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and you will find them at most sites. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. However, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent so that you can flush them from your browser if you object to their presence.The way we use informationWhen you register with the site, you can elect to receive information and updates on our products and services by email. We will not use these addresses for any other purpose unless you give us your express permission to do so.We use return email addresses to answer any emails that we receive, and we may use return email addresses to send you other information that you request. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose.We use the non-personally identifiable information we collect, including data collected by cookies, to track user trends, to provide you with a tailored experience and to improve the quality of our services. We may also use cookies to help speed up your future activities or to improve your user experience by remembering the information that you have already provided to us. If you have submitted personally identifiable information then we may combine this information with the non-personally identifiable information that we collect in order to further enhance the service that we provide.You will have the opportunity to forward pages or information on the Site to friends. The information you provide to facilitate this email communication is used on a one-time basis and is not collected or retained by us.We make every practical effort to avoid excessive or irrelevant collection of data. If you believe the Site has collected excessive information, we encourage you to contact us via the Contact page.Unsubscribe / DeleteYou have the right to access personal data which you have submitted through the Site. We give you the following options for managing or removing your information from our database:Contact Us Directly: Via the details on our Contact page. Be sure to include your name and clear instructions on what you would like us to do.Our Privacy Practices with Third PartiesIt is our policy to only disclose information to third parties under the following circumstances:As required by lawWhen explicitly requested by a visitorWhen required to deliver products or services requested by a visitorWe share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. Subject to the above three circumstances, we do not provide any identifiable personal information to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. For example, we may tell a business partner the number of men and the number of women that entered a competition, but we do not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. Access by our employees and agents to your personally identifiable information are only on a need to know basis on the understanding that this is confidential business information.Our intention is never to use or share personally identifiable information provided to us in ways that are different than the ways described above without also providing you with an opportunity to “unsubscribe” or prohibit such unrelated uses.Links to Other SitesBecause we want your experience of the Site to be as informative and useful as possible, we provide a number of links to third party sites. Always be aware of where you end up. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. We assume no responsibility for the information practices of sites that you are able to access through ours, and we encourage you to review each site’s privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.Our Commitment to Data SecurityWe take reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.Changes in Our PolicyWe reserve the right to change or remove this Privacy Policy at our discretion. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy we will post those changes here. We encourage you to visit this area frequently so as to stay informed. If there is any material change in the type of personally identifiable information we collect we will obtain your permission before we attempt to collect the additional personal information. We will not make any changes that allow us to give personal information to a third party without obtaining permission from you first.Your Consent to this Privacy PolicyBy using the Site, you signify your agreement to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term in this Policy, please do not use the Site or submit any personally identifiable information.How to Contact UsShould you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the collection of information, please contact us via our contact page.Our ServicesBureau Service Interview Service Bridging Service Site Map Videoconference RoomsManaged ServicesAboutBureau ServiceInterview ServiceBridging ServiceInterview TipsFAQsContact UsTerms of UseCookie PolicyPrivacy Policy Selection of videoconference rooms world wideUSA & Canada:Anchorage, Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Cincinnati, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Honolulu, Houston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Maine, Miami, Montreal, New Orleans, New York, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Pittsburgh, Quebec, Salt Lake City, San Francisco, Seattle, Toronto, Vancouver, Washington DC plus many moreAustralia & New Zealand:Adelaide, Canberra, Darwin, Hamilton, Hobart, Melbourne, Perth, Rockhampton, Sydney, Wellington plus many moreUnited Kingdoms & Eire:Aberdeen, Belfast, Birmingham, Brighton, Bristol, Cardiff, Carlisle, Cork, Dublin, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Leeds, Liverpool, London, Manchester, Newcastle, Nottingham, Portsmouth, Sheffield, Southampton, Swansea plus many moreEurope:Amsterdam, Athens, Berlin, Brussels, Bucharest, Budapest, Copenhagen, Geneva, Gothenburg, Hamburg, Helsinki, Lisbon, Madrid, Milan, Monaco, Oslo, Paris, Porto, Prague, Rome, Seville, Stockholm, The Hague, Venice, Vienna, Warsaw, Zurich plus many moreMiddle East:Abu Dhabi, Al Ain, Alexandria, Amman, Beirut, Cairo, Doha, Dubai, Istanbul, Kuwait City, Muscat, Riyadh, Tehran, Tel Aviv plus many moreFar East:Bali, Bangkok, Beijing, Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Hong Kong, Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, Manila, Osaka, Pasig City, Penang, Seoul, Shanghi, Singapore, Taipei, Tokyo plus many moreAfrica:Botswana, Cape Town, Durban, Ghana, Cote D'Ivoire, Kimberley, Morocco, Namibia, Port Elizabeth, Pretoria, Senegal, Swaziland, Uganda plus many moreWith access to so many videoconference facilities worldwide, Global Virtual Interviews has videoconference rooms convenient to you.©2020 Global Virtual Interviews All Rights Reserved.Web Design