https://www.batbox.com/returns-and-terms/
Returns And Terms
HomeReturns And Terms
Returns And Termsadmin2020-02-21T14:52:23+00:00
Returns and Terms
Cancellations
You may cancel an order at any time prior to dispatch.
Returns
We are happy to exchange your purchase, or refund the purchase price in full, if you are not completely satisfied with the product. Goods should be returned to us within 7 days of receipt. Refunds or exchange may be possible after 7 days, in some circumstances, but a 10% handling/re-stocking charge will apply. We are unable to offer a refund on sealed items such as CDs or software, where the item has been opened but is not deemed to be faulty. A refund or replacement will be given for defective goods, after examination. Postage charges will not be refunded unless the item is found to be faulty. Returns should be sent back to us in ‘as new’ condition, in the original packaging. We recommend using a recorded delivery service for your own protection.
Please report any shipping damage within 7 days, and any product fault within 10 days of receipt.
Guarantee
Our products are guaranteed against faulty manufacture for one year after the date of purchase. Damage or faults which arise as the result of inappropriate use are excluded from the guarantee. We offer a very reasonably priced repair service for items which require repair, but which are no longer under guarantee.
Please contact us for further details.
Payment
We accept all major credit and debit cards including; Visa, MasterCard, JCB, Laser, Diners Club and American Express as well as Solo or Maestro cards. Once we have received your order it will be processed for dispatch. If you have any problems or need help please contact us for assistance.
Payment can also be made by bank transfer against a Proforma Invoice or Credit Account if approved.
Please contact us for further details.
Delivery
We aim to process your order within 24 to 48 hours (excepting holidays and when stock is depleted) but please allow up to 28 days for delivery.
UK delivery is via Royal Mail, 2nd class Signed for Service, however depending on value we may choose to use another carrier.
European and Overseas delivery is via Royal Mail, International Signed for Service, however depending on value we may choose to use another carrier. Lower priced items are sent by standard Airmail. All orders will be processed once payment is received.
VAT
All prices shown exclude VAT, unless otherwise stated.
VAT must be charged on the total cost of postage and packing on zero-rated VAT items, such as a book.
We charge VAT to all UK customers, European customers unless a valid VAT number is provided. Overseas non-EU customers are not charged VAT.
Packages sent to non-EU countries, where VAT is not applied, may be subject to local import Customs and Duty charges.
At Batbox we try our best to achieve 100% customer satisfaction every time, however sometimes we get it wrong for whatever reason, but please be rest assured we will put it right as soon as possible!
Get in touch
CONTACT INFO
ADDRESS: Scott Bader Innovation Centre, Wollaston, Wellingborough, Northants, NN29 7RL, UK
PHONE: 01903 816298
EMAIL: sales@batbox.com
WORKING DAYS/HOURS: Mon - Fri / 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Subscribe Newsletter
Get all the latest information on Events, Sales and Offers.
Sign up for newsletter today.
Batbox - Website by Eighty Eight Digital
Home
Products
About Bats
Bat Surveys
Returns And Terms
About Us
News
Contact
Log In
All Categories
Batbox
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about our privacy policy here.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings