https://www.msts.com.au/privacy-policy/
(1300) 786 049
Home
About
Courses Online
Courses
Dogman Ticket
Rigging – Basic, Intermediate & Advanced
Scaffolding – Basic, Intermediate & Advanced
Working at Heights
Confined Space
Forklift Truck
EWP Elevated Work Platform
First Attack Fire Fighting
Fire Warden
Hot Works
Permit Holder Permit Issuer Training
GTA Gas Test Atmospheres
White Card
Manual Handling
First Aid
CPR Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation
LVR Low Voltage Rescue
CPR/LVR Combo
Excavator & Front End Loader
Slewing Mobile Crane Training
Specials
Products
Alloy Chains and Components
Barriers Barricades and Tapes
Ear Eye Respiratory Protection
First Aid Supplies
FAQ
Contact
Privacy Policy
There are two primary reasons we require such information.
To supply services to our members,
To enable us to communicate with members
Under no circumstances will we sell members’ information. The only time information is disclosed to a third party is when it is related to the provision and/or improvement of services or if we are required to do so by Australian law. In both cases these entities meet with strict guidelines to preserve members’ privacy.
For our members’ convenience, cookies are used in this site. These pieces of information are applied to our site to enhance its functionality to save you having to input the same information time and time again.
Our site does not use cookies to store personal information about you or to track your internet usage. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
The data recorded is strictly of a non-personal nature and is used to assist us in improving content and services offered. Information recorded relates to website traffic and usage statistics.
Email addresses recorded by us for specific requested services and subscriptions are not disclosed to third parties and remain secured by us. Members are able to opt out of receiving such material at any time by unsubscribing through the specified channels.
Why Choose Mandurah Safety & Training Services
Buy-in from all staff & team members to achieve common goals
Consistency & Attendance to Quality
Internal Quality Indicator System
Directly involved at all phases
Established and provide a high level of expertise in the marketplace
Sign Up To Our NEWSLETTER
Please fill in the form below
Enter Your Name*Enter Your Email*
Select closest MSTS branchSelect closest MSTS branchMandurahPort HedlandBoth Mandurah and Port HedlandEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
© Mandurah Safety & Training Services, 2020
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Sitemap
WEBDESIGN CREATED BY
ROOBIX
Information regarding COVID-19
Read More