http://www.advancedfutures.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - webAF, Inc.
×
Privacy Policy
webAF, Inc. is committed to protecting the personal information that you submit to us. As a consequence, we guarantee never to deliberately disclose individually identifiable information about you to any outside source without your express consent.
In the process of operating our services, we collect personal information via forms, user emails and other communications. We also gather general information about site usage including statistics for hits, unique visits, repeat visits and page views.
The total information we receive enables webAF, Inc. to make improvements to our website for the benefit of all our members.
Personal information tendered to webAF, Inc. is used for the fulfillment of subscriptions.
The use of cookies may also be used to facilitate the login process. Please note that nothing in a cookie allows outside parties to identify you individually.
Cookies may also allow webAF, Inc. to utilize third party marketing tools including, but not limited to, those offered by Google Adwords, Bing Ads and our Referral Member Program. These tools may allow us to track clicks, conversions and identify potential customers and visitors based on internet usage patterns and visited sites.
With email, we will only add you to one of our email lists if you have requested it. In addition, all of webAF, Inc.’s email services are accompanied by a simple-to-use facility for unsubscribing. You may click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email. This will take you to a page where you can remove yourself from any lists.
webAF, Inc. will only send you email if you sign up with us and request it. We take our reputation very seriously and have a no-tolerance policy against spam or marketing in any way that is not initiated by the user.
We are committed to serve you in a discreet and professional manner.
Home
Contact
Login
© 2020 webAF, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Top