http://www.cemplank.com/privacy.shtml
Home
Products
Product Performance
Installation Requirements
FAQ
Contact Us
Termite Resistant
Durable
Non-Combustable
Easy to Install & Finish
Moisture Resistant
Privacy Policy
James Hardie Building Products, Inc. ("James Hardie") is committed to protecting your personal information. We believe it is important for you to know how we treat information about you that may be obtained from this Web site.
James Hardie understands and respects your concerns about privacy. This notice describes James Hardie's Privacy Policy as it pertains to the website at ArtisanLuxury.com (the "Website"). We may from time-to-time revise this Privacy Policy, and the date of last revision will be available at the top of this page, so please be sure to check back periodically. By visiting the Website, you are acknowledging and accepting this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website after changes have been posted to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
What information we collect: James Hardie may ask for and collect from you personally identifiable information at certain points throughout the Website. Depending on the information and/or services you request, you may be asked to provide your name, email address and other information. Once you provide your personal information, you are not anonymous to James Hardie.
In addition to the information you knowingly provide, James Hardie collects the domain names and IP addresses of its visitors, along with usage statistics (e.g., types of web browsers and operating systems used) and browsing history. This data is used to more efficiently operate James Hardie's business, promote our products and services and administer the Website. James Hardie may combine this information with the personally identifiable information it collects.
How James Hardie uses your information: James Hardie may use your information:
To provide you with personalized content.
To process and respond to inquiries.
For the purposes for which you provided the information.
To improve the content and navigability of the Website.
To alert you to new Website features, special events, products and services.
To enforce the Terms and Conditions.
In the future, we may sell some or all or our assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. In the event of a sale of our assets including our database, customer information will be transferred. We will require buyers to honor our privacy policy.
Information Sharing with Unaffiliated Third Parties: James Hardie may disclose your personally identifiable information to another entity (i) for purposes of outsourcing one or more of the functions described in the previous section; (ii) to confirm or update information provided by you; (iii) to inform you of important information; and/or (iv) as a part of a sale of assets as described in the previous section. We may also share your information in response to a subpoena, legal order or official request, when we believe you have acted in violation of the Terms and Conditions, or when we believe that doing so may protect your safety or the safety of others.
Information Sharing with Affiliated Companies: We may share your personally identifiable information with other companies in the James Hardie family, co-branding partners and network partners, and will require the recipient to comply with the provisions of this privacy policy.
Submissions to James Hardie: Should you submit any request, comment or other communication to James Hardie Building Products, you agree to grant James Hardie Building Products, Inc. a nonexclusive, worldwide, unlimited, assignable, license to use your name in advertising materials, on websites, and in publications. However this license may be revoked by you if you send an email to CeaseUsing@jameshardie.com or a written letter to Customer Endorsement Department, James Hardie Building Products, Inc. 26300 La Alameda, Suite 400, Mission Viejo CA 92691-6380.
Sharing and use of de-identified information: Information that is de-identified (stripped of any information that could be used to identify you) may be used by James Hardie for any reason and shared freely with affiliates, partners and other third parties. This information is usually aggregated (combined with information from many other users), and may include information such as traffic patterns, trends in connection with various types of inquiries, and other information.
How we collect information: In addition to the methods described above, we may also collect information using cookies, web beacons or similar technologies. These methods permit us to collect various types of information, including which pages you visit, which of our email messages you read, and other information.
How we protect information: James Hardie attempts to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personally identifiable information. Our servers and systems are protected by reasonable physical and electronic security measures.
How you can view or update your personal information: To ensure that you have as much control over your personally identifiable information as possible, you may update your information by contacting us at contact@JamesHardie.com. We will use reasonable efforts to process any change you make; provided, however, that requests to delete information are subject to James Hardie's internal reporting and retention policies and all applicable legal obligations.
Children: This Website is not directed toward children under 13 years of age nor does James Hardie knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any personally identifiable information to James Hardie.
Your California Privacy Rights: If you are a California resident, you are entitled by law to request an Information Sharing Disclosure. If you provide notice to the address below, we will provide you with a notice of your right to prevent sharing of your personal information as well as a cost-free means of doing so. To receive such a notice, submit a written request to the address listed in the Contact section below, specifying that you seek your "California Customer Choice Notice." Please allow thirty days for a response.
Canada's Anti-Spam Legislation Effective July 1, 2014
James Hardie believes that respect for anti-spam laws is important for our customers, employees and for anyone who comes in contact with our organization including current and potential business partners.
In Canada, electronic communications are governed primarily by Canada's Anti-Spam Legislation, effective as of July 1st, 2014, and its relevant rules and regulations ("CASL").
As it relates to anti-spam activities, CASL requires organizations, in their electronic communications with others, to comply with certain consent and informational requirements.
Such electronic communications include newsletters, product updates, pricing information and promotional material.
James Hardie is committed to making sure that it respects the law, as well as the choice of any third party, with respect to electronic communications.
Where applicable, James Hardie will ask for your opt-in express consent to receive such electronic communications, and will respect your decision given.
Links: The Website may contain links to third-party websites. James Hardie is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Contacts: If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at contact@JamesHardie.com or at 26300 La Alameda, Suite 400, Mission Viejo, California 92691.
Contact Us /
Terms & Conditions /
Privacy Policy
© 2015 JHBP. All rights reserved.