http://www.jmstransformers.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
JMS Transformers is committed to protecting and
respecting your privacy. This webpage tells you the data protection and privacy
practices for www.jmstransformers.co.uk, specifically:
What personally identifiable
information is collectedWhich organisation is collecting this
informationHow this information is usedOur policy on sharing this
informationHow we protect your informationHow you can correct any inaccuracies
in this information
Plain English Summary
We take your privacy very seriously. www.jmstransformers.co.uk does not actively track you as an individual.
Should you send us an email via our contact form, your name, email address and
message will be emailed to us (as you would expect). This information is kept
private. We will store this information within our own email system so that we
are able to respond to you Should you comment on a blog post or web page on
this site, then your name, email address, IP address and message will be stored
in our website database (as you would expect). This makes your name, website
address and comment (but not your email address) viewable by the general public
on the website. The website does use some cookies when you browse this website.
These are used to ensure the proper running of this website, and also to help
us improve your experience when browsing.
We use 3rd Party / Tracking / Advertising cookies
If you don’t know what cookies are or if you would
like to find out more, please go to www.allaboutcookies.org. NONE OF THE INFORMATION WE GATHER VIA
COOKIES IDENTIFIES YOU AS AN INDIVIDUAL – IT IS ALL ENTIRELY ANONYMOUS.
If you leave a comment on the website e.g. on a
page, article or blog post, then a cookie may be stored to ‘remember’ your
email address for the next time you post (should you choose the “remember me”
option).
In the header of each web page on this site you
will see a message alerting you of our privacy and cookie policy. If you’ve
seen this message once, you probably won’t want to see it again. We use a
cookie to remember this setting. User data is all anonymous.
Google Analytics cookies store information about
what pages people visit, how long they are on the site, how they got there and
what they click on. Information supplied by cookies help us to analyse the
profile of visitors and provide them with a better experience. Analytics
cookies do not collect or store users’ personal information (for example, names
or addresses), so this information cannot be used to identify individuals.
WordPress is the Content Management System (CMS)
that runs this website. It uses a “session cookie” when logging in and out and
is essential for proper website operation. User data is all anonymous.
To find out how to delete cookies, please
read www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Which organisation is collecting this information
www.jmstransformers.co.uk is a website owned by JMS
Transformers Instruments Ltd., a UK-based company.
How this information is used
If you have chosen to share it with us, we use your
email address to contact you in reply to your message, or to send you our
newsletter. If you have entered your email address to leave a comment on the
blog, it is used to identify your comment, however it is not displayed on the
website or shared with any third party. We may also use your email to help
resolve issues or disputes, for example if you tell us that you cannot see any
of your posts on the website, we would probably search our database using your
email address to help diagnose the problem.
Our disclosure of this information
We do not share your personal information or email
address with third parties.
Email opt-out
Just like you, we hate spam. We do not send you
spam emails. You may opt-out of our emails at any time. An ‘unsubscribe’ link
is included in all of our email newsletters.
Protection of your information
JMS Transformers uses best endeavour to safeguard
the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information but we do not
use encryption (such as SSL) or firewalls to further protect the information as
it travels across the Internet. We do not believe that the personal information
we collect warrants this level of security. It is important to be aware that
there is no such thing as “perfect internet security”.
How to correct inaccurate information
Once posted, you cannot change or remove any
comments you have submitted on our website pages and/or posts. However, if you
would like to have this information removed please contact us and we will do
this for you. You should know that because of technical constraints, all
information is never completely removed from our databases. Therefore, you
should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be
completely removed from our databases in response to your requests that it be
removed. We will aim to remove all publicly-facing information.
How to contact us
Please use the contact page on our website to
contact us.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
From time to time we may update this Privacy Policy
in line with website changes that may affect the personal information we gather
about you. It is assumed that you accept such changes if you continue to use
the site and services. If you do not accept such changes then you should stop
using the JMS Transformers website and services, and contact us if you would
like any information removed.