http://www.kullauction.com/privacy.cfm
#site_name#
About Us
Contact Us
Home
Firearms Auctions
Sell Your Property
Facilities
Appraisals
Past Auctions
Privacy Policy
While Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc. automatically collects information about your computer and Internet request, we do not collect any personal information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide the information. Your personal information will not be sold, rented, loaned or shared with any outside person or organization.
This policy applies only to the KullAuction.com web site. Other web sites that are linked to KullAuction.com have different and separate privacy policies.
Privacy
Protecting the privacy of our web site visitors is very important to KullAuction.com. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we want to make sure you are informed of the ways in which we may and may not use the information you transmit to us when you visit KullAuction.com.
The Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc. web site does not collect or track personal information from its web site visitors, except where specifically indicated on the relevant web pages. Generic information from server logs may be used to track and analyze the number of hits to the site, and to find out what types of browser software are used by visitors. This information will be used only in aggregate form, and used solely for improving web site design. These data do not contain any personally identifiable information and will be used for purposes of analyzing web site traffic and making improvements for visitors to KullAuction.com.
Information you send to us
We will not collect personally identifiable information from you, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis. If you choose to send us e-mail or fill out a web-based form, that information is stored in an employee's e-mail client or in a secure online database. We use that information to respond to your request or to provide interaction on our web site. Supplying such information is entirely voluntary. KullAuction.com will not knowingly accept personally identifiable information from visitors under the age of 18 who have not obtained permission from their parents or guardians.
Use of Cookies
To help make our sites more responsive to the needs of our visitors, we invoke a standard feature found in browser software, called a "cookie," to assign each visitor a unique, random number, an anonymous user ID that resides on your computer. The cookie does not identify the visitor, just the computer that a visitor uses to access the site. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc.   will not know who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. A cookie cannot read data stored on your computer.
Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc.  uses cookies to help us tailor our web site to your needs and to deliver a better, more personalized service. Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc. may also use cookies to track the pages on our site visited by our users. We can build a better site if we know which pages our users are visiting and how often.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies enabled to use KullAuction.com. However, some features of our site will not work properly if you refuse cookies.
Acceptance of the KullAuction.com privacy policy
By using this web site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this KullAuction.com Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of KullAuction.com following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
Disclaimer
The information contained on this web site was compiled using information provided by various businesses and sources listed. Although every effort has been made to ensure accuracy, Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc. cannot assume responsibility for errors or omissions. Visitors should confirm pertinent information prior to each visit to determine the suitability of the facilities or services to the intended use. Please forward any corrections to info@KullAuction.com.
The links on this web site are provided only for the convenience of Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc.  web site visitors and Topeka-based businesses and organizations. Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc.  has no responsibility for, or control over the linked web sites. Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc.  makes no promises or warranties of any kind, express or implied, including those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, as to the content of the linked sites. In no event shall the Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc.  be liable for any damages resulting from use of these links even if the Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc. has been informed of the possibility of such liability.
Limitation of Liability
Neither Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc. nor its affiliated or related entities or its vendors or content providers are responsible or liable to any person or entity whatsoever for any direct or indirect loss, damage (whether actual, consequential, punitive, special or otherwise), injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind or character whatsoever based upon or resulting from any information or opinions provided on the Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc. web site or from the use of, or the inability to use, Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc. materials or services on the site. You specifically agree that Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc. is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with the Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc.  web site or any materials on the site, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Kull Auction & Real Estate, Inc. site.
The laws of the state of Kansas shall govern this privacy policy.
Find us on Facebook
201 SE 59th Street•
Topeka, Kansas 66619•
(785) 862-8800•
(785) 862-8811 FAX•
info@kullauction.com
Copyright Kull's Old Town Station, Ltd. 2020
Terms and Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |
seo and website design - ngenius media inc.