https://www.ablcircuits.co.uk/abl-circuits-privacy-statement/
ABL Circuits Privacy Statement
Show Menu
sales@ablcircuits.co.uk
01462 417400
Home
About us
ISO 9001-2015
ABL Circuits Guarantee
PCB Services
Blank PCB’s
PCB Design
PCB Design Services
PCB Prototypes
PCB Manufacturing
PCB Assembly Service
PCB Reverse Engineering
Flexible PCBs
PCB Total Solution
PCB Manufacturing Process
FAQs
Brochure
News
Testimonials
Case Studies
Contact
ABL Circuits Privacy Statement
ABL Circuits Privacy Statement Last updated May 2018
Your privacy is important and ABL Circuits is committed to respecting any personal data supplied to us. The ABL Circuits Privacy Statement explains what personal data we collect and how we use it.
We summarise each section and you can click on “learn more” if you are interested in more information for any topic.
Who are we?
We are ABL Circuits, expert in PCB design, prototypes and manufacture.
Learn more >>>>>
Our registered address is First Floor, Woburn Court 2 Railton Road, Woburn Road Industrial Estate, Kempston, Bedford, United Kingdom, MK42 7PN.
Our company number is company number is 04207139.
What personal data is collected?
We may collect personally identifiable information such as name, contact details and details of your web visits.
Learn more >>>>>
Personal information we collect may include general information such as your name, gender, title and job role as well as your contact details including your contact address, email, telephone numbers and, if you have chosen to contact us this way, your social media handles.
If you visit our website, we may collect your IP address and associated contact details and the web version and device you use. We may collect information on how you use the website.
How is personal data collected?
We obtain personal data when you visit our website, when you contact us for an enquiry or order, when you register your interest in receiving communications or if we meet in person. We may also validate your details by checking your website and other publicly available sources.
How we use personal data
We use your data to improve our service, your experience when using the web or to respond to your requests and expressions of interest. We also send occasional marketing communications which contain information about industry issues, products and services which are likely be of interest to you, using your data improve the relevance of our communications.
Learn more >>>>>
We process the data to serve legitimate interests. Specific usage of personal data includes:
fulfilling of current orders or referencing past orders, contracts and agreements
responding to service issues
responding to any feedback you send us, if you’ve asked us to
improving the website by monitoring how it is used
giving you the option to connect to social networks
gathering feedback to improve our services
improving relevance of direct marketing communications and service updates
displaying advertisements focussed on your interests
potentially placing a follow up call based on web navigations and your privacy settings
Do we share personal data?
We never sell your data.
Personal data can only be viewed and processed by authorised people within ABL Circuits or by supplier organisations in accordance with our instructions or by public bodies when required to do so by law.
Learn more >>>>>
Personal data can only be viewed and processed by authorised people in the following circumstances:
government authorities and regulatory bodies: to comply with laws or to respond to claims, legal process and requests and to cooperate
third parties in connection with enforcement of our Terms & Conditions
vendors, consultants and other service providers: to perform services on our behalf
We use external companies for maintaining the technical operation of some of our systems such as our website, contact management and marketing automation systems. These companies are Data Processors for the personal data for which we are the Data Controller. The Data Processors must act solely in accordance with instructions from us.
Do we transfer data outside the EU?
Some of our Data Processors and third-party services are located outside of the European Union, in secure locations such the US where there is a legal framework such as the EU-US Privacy Shield framework governing the transfer of your personal data.
How do we keep your data safe?
We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it.
Learn more >>>>>
We store your data on secure servers in accordance with the General Data Protection Act.
Where we engage Data Processors, we ensure that they have taken reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect against the information being accidentally or illegally destroyed, lost or deteriorated, and to protect against the information being disclosed to unauthorised persons, being misused, or in other ways being processed in violation.
Your choices, your rights:
You can find out what information we hold about you and request changes to the data or how it is used by contacting our Managing Director and Data Controller.
Learn more >>>>>
We only keep data that is relevant for the purpose for which it is intended. We do what we can to keep it accurate and up to date. You can ask for access to your data from our Data Controller at mark@ablcircuits.co.uk and exercise your rights to have it corrected or change how it is used.
If you receive email news, you can unsubscribe or change your settings at any time by selecting the ‘unsubscribe’ link that appears in every email.
We do not keep personal data for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is being processed. We review this annually and archive or delete data securely.
Quality printed circuit boards, manufactured perfectly, delivered on time, every time so you achieve your deadlines ... guaranteed! Click here to request immediate quotation!
Find us elsewhere
Special Recent PostsA Special Day at ABL CircuitsJuly 24th, 2019Celebrating the birthday of ABL Circuits' founder
Saturday marked a special day in history as the w[...]Celebrating 50 years in space with ABL CircuitsJuly 17th, 2019This Saturday 20th July ABL Circuits are celebrating a very special #SpaceExplorationDay, as this ye[...]World Music Day; what does it take to create the world's most famous tracks?June 21st, 2019[...]PCB Prototypes - speed them up from Weeks To Minutes!June 18th, 2019If there is one thing that is crucial to the success of an idea, it is reduced time to market. To ac[...]
Contact Details
ABL Circuits Ltd
Icknield Way, Baldock
Hertfordshire SG7 5BB
United Kingdom
Tel: 01462 417400
Fax: 01462 491125
Email: sales@ablcircuits.co.uk
You Will Find Us Here
Our Services
Blank Printed Circuit Boards
Printed Circuit Board Design
Printed Circuit Boards Prototypes
Printed Circuit Board Manufacture
Printed Circuit Boards Assembly
PCB Total Solution
Recent PostsA Special Day at ABL CircuitsJuly 24th, 2019Celebrating the birthday of ABL Circuits' founder
Saturday [...]Celebrating 50 years in space with ABL CircuitsJuly 17th, 2019This Saturday 20th July ABL Circuits are celebrating a very [...]
Contact
Brochure
PCB Manufacture UK
Get PCB Quote
PCB Prototype Manufacture
Privacy Statement
© 2020 - Website by Click Return
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks