http://www.ana.net/content/show/id/site-terms-of-use
Log in
Search
Membership
Membership
Membership Home
Member Benefits Overview
Client-Side Marketer Membership
MSP Membership
Nonprofit Federation Membership
Create an Account
Contact Membership
Pay MSP Membership Dues
About the ANA
Our Story
Client-Side Marketer List
MSP Member List
Board of Directors
ANA B2B Chapters
Events
Events
Events Home
Masters of Marketing
Webinars
Training
Committees
National Industry Conferences
Virtual Half-Day Conferences
Local Events
Awards Programs
Sponsorship Opportunities
Speaker Opportunities
Volunteer Opportunities
Upcoming Events
20th Annual Multicu... (12/16, Virtual Event (Eastern Time))
The ANA and Neustar... (12/17, Virtual Event (Eastern Time))
ANA’s Data & Dire... (01/28, Virtual Event (Eastern Time))
ANA Virtual Half-Da... (02/02, Virtual Event (Eastern Time))
Building a Positive... (02/10, Virtual Event (Eastern Time))
Full Events Calendar
Resources
Insights
Content Library
Agency
B2B
Brand
Consumer
Data & Measurement
Finance & Procurement
Leadership
Media Channels
Organization
Resources
Resources Home
Marketing Knowledge Center
Marketing Futures
Ask the Expert
Playbooks
Newsstand
Blogs
Awards Programs
Podcasts
Promotion & Marketing Law Book
Accountability
Committees
Committees
Committees Home
Join a Committee
Thought Leadership
Our Committees
Upcoming Committee Meetings
Brand Management (12/11, Via Webinar (Eastern Time))
DE&I FORUM (12/14, Via Webinar (Eastern Time))
Nonprofit Organizations (12/16, Via Teams)
Customer Experien... (12/17, Virtual Meeting (Eastern Time))
Brand Activation Legal Committee: Decemb... (12/17, Webinar)
See All Upcoming Committees
Training
Training
Training Home
Member Training Benefit
Team Training Options
Open Enrollment Training
On-Demand Training
CAMP Certification Program
CAMP Continuing Education
Workshop Catalog
Instructors
Contact Us
Upcoming Regional Workshops
Journey-Mapping ... (12/15, Virtual Workshop (Eastern Time))
Digital Metrics ... (12/17, Virtual Workshop (Eastern Time))
Effective Writin... (12/22, Virtual Workshop (Eastern Time))
Essentials of Hi... (12/29, Virtual Workshop (Eastern Time))
Strategic Customer-Centric Mark... (01/05, Virtual Workshop)
See All Upcoming Workshops
Advocacy
Advocacy
Government Relations
Legal Activities & Events
Blog: Regulatory Rumblings
Promotion & Marketing Law Book
State Legislative Monitoring Service
Leadership
Leadership
Leadership Home
ANA Growth Agenda
ANA Masters Circle
AIMM
AEF
SeeHer
Center for Brand Purpose
Industry Initiatives
ANA Practices
Brand Activation
Business Marketing
Data & Analytics
Nonprofit Federation
Log in
Search
clear
Log in
email
lock_outline
Log in
Your company may already be a member.View our member list to find out, or create a new account.
Forgot Password?
clear
Search
library_books
Content Library
You can search our content library for case studies, research, industry insights, and more.
search
Search Library
web
Website
You can search our website for events, press releases, blog posts, and more.
search
Search Website
Email
HomeAbout the ANA
Terms of Use
The Association of National Advertisers, Inc. ("ANA") maintains this site (the "Site") for your personal information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for noncommercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report, or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without the written permission of the ANA.
Your access and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreement between you and the ANA, are superseded and of no force or effect.
Terms and Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the written permission of the ANA. The ANA, neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with the ANA.
While the ANA, uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, the ANA, makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. The ANA, assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.
Your use and browsing of the Site is at your risk. Neither the ANA, nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. The ANA, also assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and nonproprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by the ANA, or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, the ANA, is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, the ANA The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks the ANA, and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of the ANA, or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Term and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that the ANA, will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
The ANA has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Although the ANA may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the Site, the ANA, is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information contained within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. The ANA, will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing the ANA, to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, other than any personally identifiable information collected and used to register for events or in making an information request is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and nonproprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by the ANA, or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, the ANA, is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.  Please see our Privacy Policy regarding how we collect and use your personally identifiable information.
The ANA, may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Want More Great Content?
ANA members have exclusive access to a curated marketing knowledge center of best practices, case studies, and research. You can search our insights library here:
Search
Board of Directors
ANA's board of directors is comprised of leaders in the marketing industry.
OUR CURRENT BOARD
Our Members
Our member portfolio includes representation from many of the country's leading organizations. To find out if your organization is currently a valued member of the ANA, click on the link below.
MEMBER COMPANIES
ANA Blogs
Our series of blogs are designed to build dialogue on the seismic changes happening in marketing and promote fresh thinking among ANA members and industry thought leaders.
EXPLORE OUR BLOGS