https://www.mediatrainingassociates.co.uk/privacy-policy/
This privacy policy sets out how Media Training Associates Ltd uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website.
Media Training Associates Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This Policy was last updated on 23 May 2018.
Information We Collect
If you use the contact form on our website or subscribe to our newsletter, we will collect the following information:
Your name,
Your contact information including email address
In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), our legal basis for collecting and storing personal information about you is that such processing is necessary for our legitimate interests in running and promoting our business.
What we do with your information
We require this information in order to respond to your enquiry or to send you our newsletter.
If you have signed up to received our newsletter, we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over the content of these third-party sites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website you are visiting.
Controlling your personal information
If you sign up to receive our newsletter, you can unsubscribe at any time by using the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter email or email us at info@mediatrainingassociates.co.uk.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. Before providing such data to you, we may request proof of identity and some information about your interactions with Media Training Associates so that we can locate the relevant data. We may charge a small fee for providing you with a copy of your data should the request require an unusually large amount of work on our behalf. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Media Training Associates, 27 Gloucester Street, London WC1N 3AX.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Telephone: 020 8746 1634
Facsimile: 020 3070 0883
Postal Address:
27 Old Gloucester Street
London
WC1N 3AX
Company No: 4237956
Online Training During Covid-19While social distancing is in effect, we can offer fully interactive versions of all our training online via webcam and Zoom. More informationTom on TwitterFriday #mediatraining tip: In any dealings with journalists, always remain calm and polite, even if you are irritat… https://t.co/oluaTPh0lg about 2 hours ago#mediatraining tip: blog revisited - Speed of the essence in handling a media crisis - https://t.co/APgYahz4bt about 16 hours agoWhy people are still getting it wrong when trying to look good on Zoom meetings or video interviews:… https://t.co/aUyPCZXNRy 07:58:00 AM December 10, 2020@tommaddocks1
Media Training Associates is based in London but we can run courses in Britain or overseas, in small groups or one-on-one. Our clients range from leading banks and insurance companies to law firms, manufacturing businesses and charities.
Our trainers have had experience working for BBC's 'Newsnight' and 'The Money Programme', ITN, and leading national newspapers and magazines.
The M Factor: Media Confidence for Business Leaders and Managers, by course director Tom Maddocks, is recognised as the UK's leading media training handbook. Visit the official book website for further details.
"If you want to understand how to get the media on-side, in good times or bad, this book is a good place to start" ~ Sir Stuart Rose, former chairman and chief executive of Marks & Spencer plc.