http://www.baltec.co.uk/en/content/data-privacy-policy-uk
Skip to main content
BalTec (UK) Ltd
BalTec House
1 Heron Industrial Estate
Basingstoke Road
Spencers Wood, Reading
Berkshire RG7 1PJ
Tel: +44 (0) 118 9311191
Fax: +44 (0) 118 9311103
BalTec AG, Switzerland
BalTec France, France
BalTec Corporation, USA, Canada, Mexico
BalTec Machinery (Shanghai) Ltd., China
BalTec do Brasil, Brazil
Login
Username *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password
Quotes
support
Support
Rate Us
Languages
english
Search form
Search
Login
Username *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password
Technology
JOINING PROCEDURES IN COMPARISON
SERVO RIVETING
RADIAL RIVETING TECHNOLOGY
ORBITAL RIVETING TECHNOLOGY
ROLLER FORMING
PRESSING
PROCESS MONITORING
MRX-MULTIPLE-RIVETING
Forming tools & tool profiles
Branches & Applications
AUTOMOTIVE
FITTING INDUSTRY
ELECTRICAL & ELECTRONICS
FINE MECHANICS & WATCHES
MEDICAL DEVICE INDUSTRY
CONSUMABLE GOODS & LEISURE
HOME & GARDENING
MACHINE BUILDING
Products
ELECTRIC
Riveting units
Roller forming Units
Riveting machines
Work cells
Process monitoring & controlling
Accessories
Rivet base detection devices
Forming tools
Assembly Presses
Press control system
Workcells & tooling
Screwdrivers & Tools
Services
TECHNOLOGY CENTER
REPAIRS & REPLACEMENTS
Publications
FAIRS
Support
Machine Registration
About us
BALTEC (UK) LTD.
News
Our locations
REPRESENTATIVES
Legal Information
QMS
JOBS
Data Privacy Policy
Issue: May 2018
1. An overview of data protection and data collection on our web pages
General
The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy statement below.
This website uses cookies. You can find more information about this under point 3 Data collection on our website. Here it is also described how you can object to the use of cookies and the use of data collected using cookies in anonymised or pseudonymised user profiles.
Who is responsible for data collection on this website?
The data collected on this website is processed by the website operator. The operator’s contact details can be found in the website’s Legal notice.
How do we collect your data?
The data that you provide us with voluntarily is collected. This could, for example, be data you enter in forms (registration, quotation request, etc.).
What do we use your data for?
The existing data is only used for the purpose for which you made the data available to us. For example, to respond to your queries, process your orders or to give you access to certain information or offers. Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyse how visitors use the site.
Sharing data
Insofar as you have provided your consent or when we are otherwise legally entitled to do so, we will share your personal data with subsidiaries of BalTec, where applicable, for the purposes indicated above.
In connection with the operation of its website and the services provided by way of the website, BalTec works with service providers such as hosting or IT maintenance service providers, for example.
These recipients may possibly be located in countries outside of the European Economic Area (“third countries”), in which applicable laws do not offer the same level of data privacy protection as in your home country. In such cases, BalTec takes measures to ensure an appropriate level of data privacy protection. Data is shared only in connection with and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. We do not sell or otherwise market your personal data to third parties.
What rights do you have regarding your data?
You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
Analytics and third-party tools
When visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behaviour. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing behaviour is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You can find detailed information about this under point 3 Analytical Tools.
You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard.
2. General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The protection of personal data is an important matter that BalTec takes very seriously. BalTec AG (”BalTec”) stated in the legal notice operates this website in accordance with the applicable legal provisions for the protection of personal data and data privacy.
If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy statement explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via e-mail communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
Notice concerning the party responsible for this website
The party responsible for processing data on this website is stated in the Legal notice.
Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities
If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authority. The competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the respective country in which our company is headquartered. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: European Commission.
Right to data portability
You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfilment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
Information, blocking, deletion
As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the Legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection.
Opposition to promotional e-mails
We hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested. The website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as e-mail spam, is received.
3. Data collection on our website
Cookies
When you visit the BalTec website, information in the form of a “cookie” is stored on your device. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Cookies allow us, for example, to adapt a website to the interests of the user or to store a password so that the user does not have to enter it each time. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device’s memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognise your browser when you visit the site another time.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser.
You can manage many advert cookies from companies using the American website www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the EU website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/.
We have compiled links where you can find detailed information about the deactivation of cookies in common browsers below:
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Edge
Google Chrome
Safari
Please note that certain functions of our website may no longer work or no longer work properly without cookies.
Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use are stored pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1, (f) of the General Data Protection Regulation. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimised service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyse your surfing behaviour) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Cookies and traffic data
Session cookies are small pieces of information that a provider saves on the computer of the visitor. In a session cookie a randomly produced, unique identification number is saved, a so called session ID. The cookie also contains data about its origin and storage period. Session cookies cannot save any other data.
Forms and e-mail
When you send queries to us using our forms or by e-mail, your information from the forms or e-mail including the contact information that you have given is saved by us for the purpose of processing your query and in the event of follow-up questions. We do not pass this data on to third parties without your consent.
The data entered in the forms or e-mail is only processed based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 (a) of the General Data Protection Regulation). You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
The data that you entered in the forms or e-mail remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to store your data or the purpose for storing the data ceases to apply (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal regulations – particularly retention periods – remain unaffected.
4. Analytical tools
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service of Google Inc, (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). Use includes the “universal Analytics” operating mode. This makes it possible to assign data, sessions and interactions over several devices with a pseudonym user ID and analyse the activities of the user across devices. This data protection notice is provided by www.intersoft-consulting.de.
Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”. These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymisation is activated on this website, however, your IP address is first shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states party to the agreement within the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the complete IP address transferred to a server of Google in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with any other data held by Google. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities, provide services to the website provider with regard to website use and Internet use. For these purposes, this constitutes a justified interest in data processing. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is Clause 15 para. 3 TMG or Art. 6 para. 1 (f) of the General Data Protection Regulation. The data linked to cookies, user identifications (e.g. user ID) or advert IDs sent by us are automatically deleted after 14 months. Data whose retention period has elapsed is automatically deleted once a month. You can find further information about usage conditions and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or https://policies.google.com/?hl=en.
You can prevent cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl. your IP address) from being passed to Google, and the processing of these data by Google, by downloading and installing the Browser add-on. Opt-out cookies prevent the future collection of your data when visiting this website.
5. Plug-ins and tools
YouTube
Our website incorporates videos from the YouTube website operated by Google. The operator of the website is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
When you visit one of our web pages provided with a YouTube video, a connection to the servers of YouTube is established. In the process, the YouTube server is informed of which of our web pages you have visited.
If you are logged on to your YouTube account, you allow YouTube to directly assign your surfing behaviour to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
YouTube is used in the interest of an attractive representation of our online offer. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 (f) of the General Data Protection Regulation.
You can find further information about the handling of user data of YouTube at: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=de. There is an opt-out option here: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.
BalTec (UK) Ltd.
BalTec House • Unit 1 Heron Industrial Estate
Basingstoke Road • Spencers Wood
Reading • Berkshire RG7 1PJ
Phone: +44 (0) 118 9311191 • Fax: +44 (0) 118 9311103
sales(at)baltec.co.uk
Member of the BalTec Group
Headquarters: BalTec AG
CH-8330 Pfäffikon • Switzerland
baltec(at)baltec.com
Legal Information
|
Privacy Policy
Using this site means you accept its terms of use and its data privacy policy
Copyright © 2016 BalTec. All rights reserved.