http://www.jointjigger.com/p/privacy-notice
Toggle navigation
Search
Cart (0)
Home
FAQ
Shop
View All
Tubing Notchers
Replacement Parts
Optional Equipment
Hole Saws
Contact
What does Ol' Joint Jigger, Inc. do with my personal information?Ol' Joint Jigger™, Inc. uses personal information to provide you with better customer service. Positive customer identification allows us to contact the customer, if necessary, to ensure all their needs are met and handled appropriately and accurately. All personal information that we acquire is provided by you, the customer. It is this personal information that allows Ol' Joint Jigger™, Inc. to provide knowledgeable support by our customer service team. Benefits you may receive by allowing us to keep your personal information on hand include:A Personal Internet Account - You will be identified by jointjigger.com every time you log in with your personal customer ID, so in the future you will save time by not having to submit your information again.Order Status Updates - You will receive order status updates through email notification, including order-confirmation and order-shipped.Personalized, Knowledgeable Customer Service - Our customer service team will be able to assist you promptly and accurately by identifying you and your preferences. Will Ol' Joint Jigger™, Inc. sell my personal information?NO! OJJ will not sell, trade, share or rent any of the personal information you provide to us. We believe that your information is personal and should be kept that way. We may use your email address, phone number or personal address to provide you with better customer service support pertaining to your order or request for information, and to update you on periodic specials that may be of interest.If you purchase from us, your personal information in its entirety will never be shared with an outside source.If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:Ol' Joint Jigger™, Inc. Customer Service 5231 N.E. Antioch RoadKansas City, MO 64119
Site Links
Home
FAQ
Privacy Notice
Returns
Contact
Contact Us
Review
Supported Payments
Copyright © 2020 Ol' Joint Jigger, Inc.