https://www.camppage.com/privacy.php
Advanced Search | Camp Jobs
Find a Summer Camp
Based on Program Type
Based on Activity
Based on State/Province
Home
Information Collection and Use
CampPage is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. CampPage collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Orders
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name, email and address). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's requests. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we [CampPage] are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to mail@camppage.com.
Supplementation of Information
In order for this website to properly fulfill its obligation to our visitors, it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources.
This is a fee-based directory service offered by CampPage. The information was compiled from the listed programs and we have not independently confirmed the completeness or accuracy of the data. Representations with regard to information contained within this directory and related Web Sites are the sole responsibility of the listed camps and advertisers. CampPage does not assume responsibility for or warrant such representations or offers made herein.
"Featured Camp" listings are not meant as an endorsement of a particular camp. "Featured Camp" listings are selected from the CampPage database on a rotational basis.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the member information page or by using our online update forms
Choice/Opt-out
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Close
Select a State/Province Close
United States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California - Northern
California - Southern
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine - Boys
Maine - Coed
Maine - Girls
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina - Boys
North Carolina - Coed
North Carolina - Girls
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Canada
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland & Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Québec
Saskatchewan
International
Europe
South America
Select an Activity Close
Activities
Academic & Summer Enrichment Programs
Adventure Summer Camps
Arts Summer Camps
Computers and Technology Summer Camps
Horseback Riding Summer Camps
Sports Summer Camps
Select a Program Type Close
Program Types
Online Camps
Day Camps
Residential Coed Camps
Residential Boys' Camps
Residential Girls' Camps
Adventure-Travel Camps
Conference and Retreat Centers
Organization Camps
Religious Camps
Special Interest Summer Camps
Special Needs Summer Camps