http://www.bcbsms.com/about-us/privacy-practices
Career Opportunities
Search our job postings »
Our Benefits
Employee benefit plan »
Our Community
Healthy involvement »
Notice of Privacy Practices
At Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi, we work hard to protect our members' privacy and comply with all state and federal privacy laws.
To help you understand our commitment, we make our Notices of Privacy Practices available on our website. Because of various laws, there are different privacy practices for different types of coverage.
Group Coverage: Applies to members of groups with insurance that is underwritten by Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi.
Individual Coverage: Applies to members with Blue Care, SmartCare, Medicare Supplement Policies and similar individual coverage that does not come from a group health plan.
Mobile App: Applies to all Members using our myBlue Mobile App for iOS and Android.
Members of Self-Funded Groups, including the Mississippi State and School Employees' Health Insurance Plan, would need to check with their group administrator to obtain a copy of their Notice of Privacy Practices.
You need Adobe Reader, which is already on most computers, to view or print the Notices of Privacy Practices, which are PDF documents. If you need it, you can download Adobe Reader here.
More About Us
About Us »
Careers »
Community Involvement »
Locations »
Accreditation »
Associated Companies »
Company Financial Information »
Contact Us »
Case Management »
Media »
Press Room »
You have selected a link to a website operated by a third party. Therefore, you
are about to leave the Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi website and
enter another website not operated by Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi. Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi does not control such third
party websites and is not responsible for the content, advice, products or
services offered therein. Links to third party websites are provided for
informational purposes only and by providing these links to third party
websites, Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi does not endorse these
websites or the content, advice, products or services offered therein.