http://www.clinicalanatomy.com/index.php/legal/80-caa-inc-privacy-and-security-statement
Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc.
"Providing Medical Education and Services Since 1998"
HomeServicesAssociatesClientsTestimonialsStoreLinksMTDSearchContact Us
Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc. Privacy and Security Statement
This is how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our web site. This information is valid for our main site at http://www.clinicalanatomy.com and all other sites owned and managed by this corporation and affiliates. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site. Please note that Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc. collects no personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide that information to us through our "Contact Us" form.
We receive the following information from a third party provider that manages our web site:
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet
The date and time you access our site
The pages you visited
The Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site
These web access logs may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and to insure the integrity of the data on our hosting servers. This information is also used to do statistical analysis of visitors to our web site. We do not collect information through the use of web browser cookies. With the exception of web access and email log data that is collected from all visitors, we do not collect any information on-line from children. Our web site has been designed for access and content for all ages, although we recommend children be monitored by an adult as some of the images presented may depict cadaver specimens or information that can be considered beyond the maturity level of some children.
Management of feedback information
If you send us feedback trough the web site feedback form, you are sending us personally identifying information. This information is used only to answer your questions or requests. We do not share this information with any government agencies, commercial and non-commercial entities, or the public. Any information that you may provide us in an e-mail or feedback form may be subject to disclosure under a Freedom of Information Act request. We may keep this information to contact you at a later time, but we will not disclose it to third parties. By sending us feedback you acknowledge that your statements can be used and quoted in different places of this web site and can be quoted to our customers.
Security and links
The web site of Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc is hosted by Godaddy.com. This company uses software programs to monitor network traffic, to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, and to prevent denial of services attacks or other attacks intended to cause damage. Unauthorized modification of any information stored on their system or ours may result in criminal prosecution. These are GoDaddy.com legal and privacy notices.
Our web site contains links to other web sites. Once you link to another site, please be aware that you are then subject to the privacy and security policies of the new site. Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc cannot guarantee the security actions or policies of other web sites.
Please be aware that the information contained in the linked web sites is the responsibility of the owners and administrators of each particular web site. Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc makes not statement or guarantee that said information is correct or accurate.
Clinical Anatomy Associates Inc allows the establishment of links to its web site, provided that the originating web site does not engage in unlawful practices including, but not limited to, gambling, pornography, child abuse, spam, scams, etc.
The use of Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc e-mail addresses and/or the use of any Internet domains property of this corporation for scam and spam purposes is absolutely prohibited, so is the use of its names and corporate officers by non-authorized third parties to solicit or establish commercial relations. Any of these activities will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the local, state, federal, and international law.
DISCLAIMER
The information in this web site should not be used as an alternative for proper and professional healthcare. The information provided is only for educational and commercial purposes and its accuracy is not guaranteed. Do not use this site as a substitute for medical care or medical advice. Please consult with your physician or other medical care provider regarding any medical questions you may have. Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc will not provide medical advice under any circumstance.
The information and graphics presented in this web site are the property of Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc, except where indicated. In some instances we have used royalty-free images and the images have been properly labeled in the source code. These images are the property of their owners and are subject to their legal requirements. When using cadaveric specimen images all efforts have been made to not identify the individual who donated their body to science, as well as to maintain decorum and make these images acceptable to the public in general. Because of certain topics, this may not be possible, in which case we advice the viewer to take precautions when reading our articles in public or with children whose maturity level would preclude them from seeing these images or reading said information. In all cases Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc. will not be liable for any circumstance related to this topic. If you should question an image or topic, please contact us through our "Contact Us" form and we will evaluate your comment or situation which may lead, or not, to a change in said image or article.
Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc. assumes no responsibility for errors, omissions, or changes in the information on this web site, or other web sites property of the Corporation. In no event will Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc. be liable for any special, direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other action, arising out of or in connection with the use of this web site, information or images within the web site, or information provided as a service or contract with Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc.
Except as stated here, no license or right, express or implied, is granted to any person under any patent, trademark, or other proprietary right or guise. Clinical Anatomy Associates, Inc grants a limited right to use the information in this web site, provided that the Information is not modified in any way and is used for informational and non-commercial use, and provided that Clinical Anatomy Associates copyright notice, web link, and/or logo appears on any copies. Use this logo image for linking purposes.
CAA Inc. Privacy and Security Statement
Copyright © 2016. Site developed and maintained by the Digital Development Division of CAA, Inc