http://www.getinge.com/int/legal/gdpr-compliance-statement/
You are visiting a website that is not intended for your region
The page or information you have requested is intended for an audience outside the United States. By continuing to browse you confirm that you are a non-US resident requesting access to this page or information.
Switch to the US site
COVID-19 Resource Center
Healthcare professionals can find help and guidance on how to benefit from our offerings to treat your patients, as well as other practical information and advice.
Read more
Home
Legal information
GDPR Compliance Statement
General Data Protection Regulation & Getinge’s Commitment
Introduction
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) came into force on 25th May 2018 and brought with it the most significant changes to EU data protection law in two decades. The regulation harmonizes and establishes a minimum standard of data protection across the European Union.
In essence, GDPR codifies the fundamental rights and freedoms of natural persons in the protection and processing of their personal data. Correspondingly, it requires data controllers and data processors implement appropriate security measures and safeguards for personal data processing. Expressly contemplating data processing in the digital age, GDPR provides individuals with greater transparency and control over the processing of their personal data.
Our Commitment
At Getinge, we are committed to ensuring the security and protection of the personal information that we process. We have data protection teams committed to ongoing review and vigilance of all matters within the scope of GDPR so that a process of continual assessment, risk management and improvement is embedded in our organisation.
Our GDPR preparations have included a comprehensive review of relevant internal processes, procedures and documentation. Additionally, we have and continue to actively develop and implement data protection policies, procedures, controls and security measures for GDPR compliance.
Policies & Procedures
Getinge has and continues to develop data protection policies and procedures addressing the requirements and standards of the GDPR including:
Data Protection
Our main policy and manual for data protection has been overhauled to meet GDPR requirements. We have and continue to develop accountability and governance measures (including privacy by design) to raise awareness of and promote compliance with our data protection obligations and responsibilities.
Data Retention
We have and continue to update our retention policies and schedules in consideration of ‘data minimization’ and ‘storage limitation’ principles.
Data Breaches
We have and continue to develop safeguards and security measures for identifying, assessing, investigating and reporting personal data breaches.
International Data Transfers
To the extent that Getinge transfers personal information outside the EU/EEA, we have and continue to develop our policies and procedures for securing and maintaining the integrity of the data. When such data transfers involve external recipients, we request recipients verify that they have appropriate safeguards to protect the personal information and to comply with data subject rights and requests.
Data Subject Request
We provide a user friendly interface for requesting personal data correction, restricted processing, erasure as well as submitting data processing objections. Access the request form here.
Data Privacy Notice
Statement disclosing how Getinge uses, gathers and processes personal data from 3rd parties.
View document
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
We assess and have a system for recording the legal basis for processing activities involving personal data.
Privacy Notice
Where applicable, we issue privacy notices informing individuals of the details surrounding the data processing activity and their rights and freedoms pursuant to GDPR.
Data Protection Impact Assessments
We have a system for facilitating data protection impact assessments.
Data Processor Agreements
Where applicable, we enter into data processing agreements.
Data Subject Request
To request personal data access, correction, restricted processing or erasure or to submit data processing objections for legitimate purposes, please complete the form linked below.
Submit a Data Subject request
Legal information
Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement
Patent Marking Index
Web Policy
GDPR Compliance Statement
Data Subject Request Form
Declaration of Conformity
Subscription
Clinical insights
Product news
Press releases and regulatory news
E-mail
I agree to receive information from Getinge through an email.