http://www.usedlighting.com/legal/privacy
Browse
Sell your Gear
Help Sign In / Register
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Toll Free: 1.877.789.8167
E-Mail Us Track Your Order Live Help Help Center
Cart (0)
Weekly Deals Moving Lights LEDs Lekos Pars Consoles Truss Cable Projectors Projection Screens Clearance UK Items More
Rigging TV & Film Pro Video Fog & Haze Machines Packages Fresnels Followspots Floods Strip Lights Scrollers Effects Distros Splitters & Wireless Lifts B-Stock/Demo Gear Cases Dimmers Pipe, Bases, Sandbags Pro Audio Tools & Apparel Last Few Available
MY ACCOUNT
Sell your Gear
Sign In
Help
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Toll Free: 1.877.789.8167
E-Mail Us Track Your Order Live Help Help Center
BROWSE BY CATEGORY Weekly Deals Moving Lights LEDs Lekos Pars Consoles Truss Cable Projectors Projection Screens Clearance UK Items Rigging TV & Film Pro Video Fog & Haze Machines Packages Fresnels Followspots Floods Strip Lights Scrollers Effects Distros Splitters & Wireless Lifts B-Stock/Demo Gear Cases Dimmers Pipe, Bases, Sandbags Pro Audio Tools & Apparel Last Few Available
0
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We use this privacy notice to disclose the privacy practices of UsedLighting.com & NewLighting.com in accordance with privacy regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We aim to help you understand what personal data we collect, how we use it, why we use it, and what control you have over it. This notice applies solely to data collected by UsedLighting.com & NewLighting.com. This notice will define the following:
What personal data is collected from the websites. How personal data is collected, used, shared, stored, and otherwise processed. The security procedures implemented to protect your data. Your choices and rights regarding the use of your data. How you can contact us for issues such as to correct inaccuracies of your data or to request the removal of your personal data.
Please read the following privacy notice to understand the processing, collection, sharing, protection, and your rights associated with your personal data.
Who We Are
UsedLighting.com & NewLighting.com are the e-commerce divisions of parent company, 4Wall Entertainment. UsedLighting.com & NewLighting.com are a marketplace to buy & sell used stage lighting, video & audio equipment. These websites provide a safe and secure site for this purpose. During the checkout process we collect and use personal data that you provide to fulfill your order and provide customer service such as sending you tracking information, clarifying your order, and following up on your order. We also collect and store data you provide if you opt-in to our marketing emails.
For the purposes of this notice, we act as the “data controller.” We take on this role as we determine how your personal data is used and processed.
We have appointed a Security Officer for assisting with questions, requests, and complaints in regard to this privacy notice and the collection and processing of your personal data. For details on how to contact us, see the Contact Information section at the end of this notice.
Data We Collect
We have access to any data that you voluntarily provide through the following means;
Checkout process (orders & quotes) Email Contact forms Phone calls Member registration ‘Sell your gear’ registration Live chat Newsletter signups
Through the previous means, the following data could be collected:
[First & Last Name] [Email address] [Company] [Phone number] [Full Address] [Information about any complaints, enquiries, and communication you make with us] [IP Address] [Payment Information] This is only collected and stored through Authorize.net. UsedLighting.com & NewLighting.com do not store any payment information
How We Use Your Data
Your personal data may be used for the following purposes:
Process your orders & quotes Send you updates on your orders Customization of content and user experience Identify you when you use our websites Account set up and administration Conducting polls, surveys, and contests Internal research and development Legal obligations Internal audits Gathering feedback and opinions on our provided services Notification to users of changes to our services Respond to your requests and comments
Legal Basis of Processing We process personal data for purposes of our own legitimate interests, granted that those interests do not override any of our users’ own interests, rights, and freedoms. This legitimate interest includes processing for marketing, research, and business development purposes. We also process personal data for other purposes with consent, but you have the right to withdraw consent to processing for specific purposes, as outlined below. Specific Data Use Member Registration: To fully access the website, you, as a user, can voluntarily register for an account by completing a member registration form. Necessary data is collected during this process, including your name, email address, shipping address, phone # and other relevant data needed to smoothly process orders and quotes. Order & Quote Checkout Process: To place an order or quote, as a registered user or guest, you must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). We do not store payment information. That information is stored by a 3rd party company, Authorize.net. This data is used for billing and to fulfill your order. If there are issues with the order, we may use this information to contact you.
Register to Sell Gear: To sell your gear on our website, we require your name, phone #, email, location the gear will ship from and information about the gear you are selling. This information will be used to contact you when a request comes in to purchase your gear. Newsletter Sign Up: When you sign up for our Newsletter we will send you weekly or bi-weekly specials and information on new products that were added to the site. Personal data may be used without knowledge or consent in situations when legally required or permitted, or when personal data has been anonymized or pseudonymized so it is no longer associated with the user. This means we have removed personally identifying information so the data we’re left with cannot be tied back to you as an individual. How We Share Your Data Personal data may be shared with regulators in compliance with legal regulations.
Personal data may also be shared with third parties when it is necessary to provide services to users, and/or for other legitimate interests. Third parties include service providers, professional advisors, and other members of the UsedLighting.com & NewLighting.com network. Third parties that may access personal data are fulfilling the following services: web hosting, order/purchase fulfillment, IT and cloud services, advisory services, and other... These parties do [not] retain, share, or use personal data beyond the defined purpose of fulfilling the service.
We share only aggregated demographic data with our partners and advertisers. This data is not linked to the identity of any individual user.
Where We Process Your Data If you are visiting UsedLighting.com or NewLighting.com from outside the United States, be aware you are sending personal information to our servers located in the US. Under certain circumstances, your personal data that we collect may be transferred to other countries for various purposes outlined below.
Country Data Category Purpose
United States
Customer data
Cookie data
Research purposes, marketing, & order fulfillment
Research purposes, marketing, & website functionality
United Kingdom
Customer data
Cookie data
Order fulfillment, research purposes, & marketing
Research purposes, marketing, & website functionality
How Long We Store Your Data
We will only retain personal data for the duration necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. Personal data may also be retained for longer periods if it is solely for archiving purposes.
How We Protect Your Data
Securing your data is a priority for us, while both online and offline. We have implemented appropriate safeguards to prevent personal data from being lost, misused, accessed, altered, or disclosed by unauthorized parties.
Secure web access can be verified by the lock icon in your internet browser address bar and by the use of “https” at the beginning of the web address, where the “s” indicates a secure connection.
Employees and third parties are provided only with personal data on a need-to-know basis and only the minimum amount they require to complete their specific job. All employees are also subject to confidentiality agreements and undergo annual training on the proper handling of sensitive data.
Procedures have been developed and tested to handle a potential data breach. These procedures are designed to ensure affected individuals and regulators are notified of the breach and damages can be minimized.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are used on websites for various purposes. These “cookies” are data elements stored on your hard drive that allow us to improve your usage of our website. By using a cookie to identify you, you do not necessarily need to log in with a password more than once from the same browser, saving you time when accessing our site. In addition, we use cookies for advertising products based on your usage history, storing and managing your preferences on the website, enabling content, and generally analyzing your usage. Usage of cookies may be linked to your personal data on the website. For more information, see our cookie policy.
Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Data
We aim to maintain data that is accurate and up-to-date. Under the circumstance that your personal data changes (e.g. moving addresses), please notify us of any changes or update your data in your member account on our websites.
In certain instances, you have the legal right to the following:
Request all data we have collected about you, if any. Request correction to the personal data we have collected about you. Request we delete or remove personal data when there is no legitimate need for us to continue processing it. Object to the processing of personal data. Request transfer of your personal data. Opt out of contact with us at any time. Express any concern about any data we have collected about you.
To exercise these rights, please contact us via the email, mail, or phone information provided below in the “Contact Information” section. External Links On our website, you may encounter links to other websites. Be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage all users to read the privacy notices of any other sites that collect your personal data. Contact Information For any questions, concerns, or requests to exercise your rights outlined in this privacy notice, please contact us via email at dadams@4wall.com or phone at +1 702-263-3858 and ask for Dan Adams our Security Officer. Changes to This Privacy Notice This privacy notice was last updated on April 2019.
OUR HOTTEST DEALS SELL OUT QUICKLY! Subscribe and See Them First in Your Inbox
Subscribe
Call Toll Free 1.877.789.8167 Currency: ($) USD
information About Us Contact Us Reviews Lighting Lounge Sell on UsedLighting Rather Rent?
customer service Help Center Track Your Order Appraisals Financing Buying and Returns FAQ Selling FAQ
products Weekly Specials Clearance Last Few Available Packages Tools & Apparel New Stage Lighting
connect with us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube
© 2020 UsedLighting.com - A service mark of 4Wall Entertainment, Inc.
Terms | Privacy | GDPR | Do Not Sell My Information
E-Commerce Experts Las Vegas
Lighting Equipment Rentals Rigging Equipment Rentals Warehouse Storage Las VegasConstruction Equipment Rentals Las VegasVideo Equipment RentalsStage Lighting EquipmentBest Locksmith Las Vegas
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to enhance and personalize your experience across the 4Wall portfolio of brands, including UsedLighting.com and NewLighting.com. Learn more, including how to manage your privacy settings.
Accept