https://www.nltinc.com/privacy-policy/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
Visitors to www.nltinc.com:
You are free to visit www.nltinc.com and browse through our site without telling us who you are, or revealing personal information about yourself. Although you have not personally identified yourself, our site host does collect and report to us information pertaining to the usage of our site. This information includes the domain from which you are accessing the Internet, the address of the site from which you linked to www.nltinc.com, the time and date of your visit, and the pages that you visited within our site.
This information allows us to monitor the traffic flow on our site, and keep our site updated and as useful as possible.
Registered Distributors:
In order to access detailed information, product photos and NLT logos, distributors of NLT products are asked to register to the site by supplying their name, company name, city, state or province, and e-mail address. This information is used to verify that the person requesting registration is a current NLT distributor, and to compile a database of distributor e-mail addresses. This database will be used for sending future correspondence over the Internet.
“Cookies”
A “cookie” is a small piece of data sent from a web server to your browser, and stored on your hard drive. At this time, NLT does not use “cookies” on our site.
Updates and Changes:
As the Internet and the rules regulating the Internet change, our Statement of Privacy may be updated to accommodate these changes. Any future changes will be posted here.
To the best of our ability, NLT keeps the information found on this site as current and error free as possible. However, NLT cannot guarantee that all information posted on this site is accurate, and reserves the right to change any and all information on the site. If you have any problems or questions regarding the information found on this site, please contact us at info@nltinc.com .
Registered Trademarks:
The following products are registered, or in the process of being registered, under U.S. and Canadian trademark law:
GII®
Northern Light®
Welcome to NLT
NLT is known for our award-winning cap lamp technology, including the world’s most popular “all-in-one” Polaris. Today, NLT is the top global innovator in cap lamps, partnering with industry leaders to incorporate their tracking and proximity technology into our lamps.
Home
Cap Lamps
About Us
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Polaris
Rebel
Genesis
Eagle
Eclipse
Falcon
Stay Up To Date
*
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
© 2020 Northern Light Technologies
Home
Cap Lamps
Face Masks
Digital
About Us
Contact Us
Where To Buy