http://www.usedlighting.com/help/selling
Browse
Sell your Gear
Help Sign In / Register
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Toll Free: 1.877.789.8167
E-Mail Us Track Your Order Live Help Help Center
Cart (0)
Weekly Deals Moving Lights LEDs Lekos Pars Consoles Truss Cable Projectors Projection Screens Clearance UK Items More
Rigging TV & Film Pro Video Fog & Haze Machines Packages Fresnels Followspots Floods Strip Lights Scrollers Effects Distros Splitters & Wireless Lifts B-Stock/Demo Gear Cases Dimmers Pipe, Bases, Sandbags Pro Audio Tools & Apparel Last Few Available
MY ACCOUNT
Sell your Gear
Sign In
Help
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Toll Free: 1.877.789.8167
E-Mail Us Track Your Order Live Help Help Center
BROWSE BY CATEGORY Weekly Deals Moving Lights LEDs Lekos Pars Consoles Truss Cable Projectors Projection Screens Clearance UK Items Rigging TV & Film Pro Video Fog & Haze Machines Packages Fresnels Followspots Floods Strip Lights Scrollers Effects Distros Splitters & Wireless Lifts B-Stock/Demo Gear Cases Dimmers Pipe, Bases, Sandbags Pro Audio Tools & Apparel Last Few Available
0
Menu
About Us Certified Reviews Contact Us Buying and Returns Selling Your Gear Tax Exempt Terms Privacy GDPR
Selling Your Gear Frequently Asked Questions
1. Do you charge a commission on brokered equipment?
If your item doesn't sell, you pay us NOTHING! When we post your listing, we will add a small commission to your asking price. If we sell your equipment, you will earn the dollar amount of your asking price that you entered when creating your listing.
Our commission structure is simple:
Asking Price: Under $3,000 = 25% Markup Asking Price: $3,000 - $4,999 = 20% Markup Asking Price: $5,000 - $9,999 = 15% Markup Asking Price: $10,000+ = 10% Markup
No other fees or hidden costs apply!
2. Are there any items that I cannot sell on your website?
Yes. We do not allow:
Truss Lifts Rigging
Hoists Shackles Steel Slings Spansets
grandMA 1 Consoles Lamps Accessories (Clamps, Color Frames, etc.) Non-Theatrical Lighting Items
Household Lights Warehouse Lights
Parts Software Items in “Brand New” Condition – We only sell Brand New Items directly from the Manufacturer on NewLighting.com Items in “As-Is” Condition Listings with Manufacturer Photos
Please note that we reserve the right to make changes to this list at anytime.
3. Can I list my item on other websites at the same time?
Definitely. We feel our site reaches the best group of industry professionals out there. As such, we're not afraid to compete with other sites to sell your gear! We only ask that if you sell the item somewhere else, that you de-activate it from the site (takes just a moment after logging into your account).
4. How long does it take for my listing to be approved?
We try to make sure all listings get approved in 2-5 business days. Why the long wait? We go through each listing carefully adding any info we can find from the original manufacturer, as well as cleaning up any spelling mistakes (we've got your back non-English majors!) We do this to make sure your item is presented in the best light to any potential buyers. If at any time you make a change to your listing while it's active (you can find and edit them by logging in to the site and hitting "my account" at the very top left), we will review your listing again before it gets re-activated.
5. Selling brokered equipment: What happens when someone wants to buy my equipment?
Congrats! Someone wants to buy your item... here is what happens next:
One of our agents will contact you to confirm the item is still available and determine shipping cost to the buyer. You must be able to ship the equipment. The buyer is responsible for all shipping costs. We collect the money from the buyer, wait for the funds to clear, and hold the money in escrow. We will not ask you to ship the equipment until we have the money secured in our escrow account! We will at this time however request that you fill out a W-9 form, which can be found here. This ensures that all parties are in full federal tax compliance.
Once the funds clear, we will have you ship the equipment using the buyer's preferred method. We will need to have you email proof of shipment to us.
After the buyer has received the product, they have 48 hours to notify UsedLighting.com of any problems. If the buyer doesn't find any issues, your cash will be on its way to you!
6. Wait, what if my item doesn't sell?
If your item has been listed and remains un-sold after six months, we will send you an email asking you to renew your item for another six months. This is a great time to check how many views your item has had and evaluate your price... maybe those 1980s moving lights in your garage won't be your retirement fund after all? If we don't hear from you within 7 days, we will take your items off the website. You can then re-activate them for up to six months, then after that they will be deleted from our system completely. Having trouble moving your item? You can always contact our sales team for help with pricing your items. Our certified appraisers will be happy to help!
OUR HOTTEST DEALS SELL OUT QUICKLY! Subscribe and See Them First in Your Inbox
Subscribe
Call Toll Free 1.877.789.8167 Currency: ($) USD
information About Us Contact Us Reviews Lighting Lounge Sell on UsedLighting Rather Rent?
customer service Help Center Track Your Order Appraisals Financing Buying and Returns FAQ Selling FAQ
products Weekly Specials Clearance Last Few Available Packages Tools & Apparel New Stage Lighting
connect with us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube
© 2020 UsedLighting.com - A service mark of 4Wall Entertainment, Inc.
Terms | Privacy | GDPR | Do Not Sell My Information
E-Commerce Experts Las Vegas
Lighting Equipment Rentals Rigging Equipment Rentals Warehouse Storage Las VegasConstruction Equipment Rentals Las VegasVideo Equipment RentalsStage Lighting EquipmentBest Locksmith Las Vegas
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to enhance and personalize your experience across the 4Wall portfolio of brands, including UsedLighting.com and NewLighting.com. Learn more, including how to manage your privacy settings.
Accept