http://www.perfect-putter.com/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home »
Privacy Policy
At http://www.perfect-putter.com/, accessible from http://www.perfect-putter.com/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by http://www.perfect-putter.com/ and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at admin@perfect-putter.com
Log Files
http://www.perfect-putter.com/ follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of http://www.perfect-putter.com/.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on http://www.perfect-putter.com/, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that http://www.perfect-putter.com/ has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Pary Privacy Policies
http://www.perfect-putter.com/’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
http://www.perfect-putter.com/ does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in http://www.perfect-putter.com/. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Recent Posts
What is an Asbestos?
Helpful Tips to Become a Marketer Online
Things You Should Definitely Do in Columbus Ohio
How to Make a Successful Business?
Tips on How to Identify Termite Infestation
Recent Comments Archives
May 2019
February 2019
November 2018
October 2018
July 2018
Search for:
Categories
Asbestos Removal
Car
Columbus Ohio
Internet Marketing
Successful Business
Tips on How to Identify Termite Infestation
Landscape for LifeBrock Environmental Center September 10, 2019Landscape for Life class taught by Trista Imrich of Wild Works of Whimsy, for Lynnhaven River NOW. Sponsored by the City of Virginia Beach. Email terri@lrnow.org or call (757)962-5398 to register.Brock Environmental Center September 10, 2019Sponsored by Lynnhaven River NOW and the City of Virginia Beach, taught by Trista Imrich of Wild Works of Whimsy.Charlotte, North Carolina September 10, 2019Landscape For Life series, adapted to Charlotte, North Carolina, and the Carolina Piedmont. Six class series, including the new materials on pollinators and maintenance. Three two hour classes in March (11, 18, 25) and three after the spring holidays (April 29, May 6 and 13.) Sponsored by University of North Carolina at Charlotte Botanical Gardens […]Norfolk Botanical Garden September 10, 20195 week hands on class covering Landscape for Life materials with activities and demonstrations on site.Environmental Education Center, 4116 W. Plano, Parkway September 10, 2019We’ll show you how to work in cooperation with nature, no matter where you live in North Central Texas. By working with nature, you’ll save time, energy, money and, most important for Texans, water. This FREE hands-on, 10-hour, 5-class series covers the role of successful soil practices, water capture and conservation, as well as plant […]Southern Maine Community College, South Portland, Maine September 10, 2019Landscape for Life 5-week class — Wednesday evenings October 2 through October 30, 2019 5:30 – 7:30PM $110/person (includes Doug Tallamy’s book Bringing Nature Home) Landscape for Life is based on the principles of the Sustainable Sites Initiative™,  an interdisciplinary effort led by the American Society of Landscape Architects, the Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center, and the United States Botanic Garden. […]Garvan Woodland Gardens – Hot Springs National Park, AR September 10, 2019Landscape for Life: 5 Weeks OCTOBER 2 – OCTOBER 30 2019 1:00 p.m. – 3:00 p.m., Magnolia Room & Millsap Bride’s Hall Landscape for Life is a class designed to encourage participants to embrace sustainable practices while improving or developing a property. Over this five-session series, each participant will produce a design project with assistance […]Southern Maine Community College, South Portland, Maine September 10, 2019Every home landscape has the potential to be more beautiful, help clean air and water, reduce flooding, and combat climate change. Yet conventional gardening practices too often work against nature, damaging the environment’s ability to provide these natural benefits. Join us to learn how to attract beneficial insects and birds, eliminate water problems, build healthy […]Foreside Community Church, 340 Foreside Road, August 8, 2018Landscape for Life is based on the principles of the Sustainable Sites Initiative™ (SITES™). SITES™ is an interdisciplinary effort led by the American Society of Landscape Architects, the Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center at The University of Texas at Austin, and the United States Botanic Garden. Every home landscape has the potential to help clean […]Environmental Education Center, 4116 W. Plano Parkway, Plano, TX
75093 August 8, 2018We’ll show you how to work in cooperation with nature, no matter where you live in North Central Texas. By working with nature, you’ll save time, energy, money and, most important for Texans, water. This FREE hands-on, 10-hour, 5-class series covers the role of successful soil practices, water capture and conservation, as well as plant […]
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress