http://www.ctemag.com/privacy-policy
Search form
Search
ShortCUTS SearchAbrasives
Automation
Cleaning
Coatings
Coolant
Cutting Tools
Grinding
Inspection
Machining
Materials
Software
Toolholding
Training
Workholding
Thank you ...
Articles & ColumnsReshoring Movement
Blogs & BriefsCoronavirus-related news
Video Showcase
Industry News
CTE eNews Archive
Editors' Blogs
Product News
Video ReportsGrinding Doc on Zoom
Video Demo Guide
People & Companies
Buyers Guide
Digital Magazine
Subscribe
AdvertiseElectronic Media Advertising
Print Advertising
Editorial Calendar & Ad Bonuses
Contact
Buyers Guide Login
by Topic:
Abrasives
Automation
Cleaning
Coatings
Coolant
Cutting Tools
Grinding
Inspection
Machining
Materials
Software
Toolholding
Training
Workholding
Home
›
Privacy Policy for Cutting Tool Engineering
Privacy Policy for Cutting Tool Engineering
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at dspaeth@ctemedia.com.
At www.ctemag.com we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information that is collected and recorded by www.ctemag.com, and explains how we use it.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.ctemag.com makes use of log files. These files merely log visitors to the site - usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services's analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.ctemag.com uses cookies to store information about visitors' preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Our Advertising Partners
www.ctemag.com uses cookies to track the ad impressions and ad clicks for display advertising purchased by our advertising partners. This information is shared with our advertising partners in bulk, anonymous form (ie., total numer of ad impressions and total number of ad clicks). We do not currently collect personally identifiable information about our website users.
The links used by our web display advertising partners may incorporate ad tracking technology via third-party ad servers or ad networks that sends and receives data directly to and from your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by our site's third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site.
www.ctemag.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.ctemag.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. You may find a comprehensive listing of these privacy policies and their links here:
Abanaki Corp.
ARCH Global Precision
Ceratizit Group
CGTech (Vericut)
IMCO
Iscar
ITW Air Management (Vortec)
Kyocera Precision Tools Inc.
PCT Cutting Tools Inc.
Practical Machinist
Star SU
Tungaloy Corp.
Walter USA
YMW Taps USA
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity. www.ctemag.com does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that www.ctemag.com has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact dspaeth@ctemedia.com immediately and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and regarding information shared and/or collected there. This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: Monday, January 29th, 2018.Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.
© Copyright 1995 - 2020. Cutting Tool Engineering. All rights reserved.
CTE Publications uses cookies to improve your experience and to analyze the use of our website. By accepting, you agree to the terms stated in our Privacy Policy
Accept