http://www.penofin.com/company/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
How We Share Information You Provide
Penofin.com does not sell, rent, trade your personal information to third parties. We may share your information with third parties to perform services on your behalf such as:
•Fulfilling Orders
•Delivering packages
Sometimes we may be required to share personal information in response to a regulation, court order or subpoena. We may also share information when we believe it’s necessary to comply with the law. We may also share information to respond to a government request or when we believe disclose is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property safety of Penofin.com, our customers, or others; to prevent harm or loss; or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
How We Protect The Information We Collect
Whether you are shopping online or via phone, we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it. Penofin.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us.
Links to Other Websites
Our websites link to other websites, many of which have their own privacy policies. Be sure to review the privacy policy on the website you’re visiting.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may need to update our Privacy Policy as Penofin.com and our customers grow and evolve. If we make material changes, we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective, as well as inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes.
Have Questions?
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices, we’ll do our best to answer them. Here’s how to contact us:
Phone: 800-736-6346
E-mail: mail@penofin.com