https://www.treatt.com/careers/job-applicant-privacy-notice
Home
Careers
Job Applicant Privacy Notice
Job Applicant Privacy Notice
The Company is aware of its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and current data protection legislation and is committed to processing your data securely and transparently. This privacy notice sets out, in line with data protection obligations, the types of data that we collect and hold on you as a job applicant. It also sets out how we use that information, how long we keep it for and other relevant information about your data.
Data controller details
The Company is a data controller, meaning that it determines the processes to be used when using your personal data. Our contact details are as follows: Treatt Plc, Northern Way, Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk IP32 6NL.
Types of data we process and how we collect it
The Company may collect a range of information about you. This includes:
your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number;
details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history;
information about your current level of remuneration, including benefit entitlements;
whether or not you have a disability for which the organisation needs to make reasonable adjustments during the recruitment process;
information about your entitlement to work in the UK; and
equal opportunities monitoring information, including information about your ethnic origin, sexual orientation, health and religion or belief.
The Company may collect this information in a variety of ways. For example, data might be contained in application forms, CVs or resumes, obtained from your passport or other identity documents, or collected through interviews or other forms of assessment, including online tests.
The Company may also collect personal data about you from third parties, such as references supplied by former employers, information from employment background check providers and information from criminal records checks. The Company will seek information from third parties only once a job offer has been made to you and will inform you that it is doing so.
Data will be stored in a range of different places, including on your application record, in HR management systems and on other IT systems (including email).
Why we process your data
The Company needs to process data to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with you. It may also need to process your data to enter into a contract with you.
In some cases, the Company needs to process data to ensure that it is complying with its legal obligations. For example, it is required to check a successful applicant’s eligibility to work in the UK before employment starts.
The Company has a legitimate interest in processing personal data during the recruitment process and for keeping records of the process. Processing data from job applicants allows the Company to manage the recruitment process, assess and confirm a candidate’s suitability for employment and decide to whom to offer a job. The Company may also need to process data from job applicants to respond to and defend against legal claims.
The Company may process information about whether or not applicants are disabled to make reasonable adjustments for candidates who have a disability. This is to carry out its obligations and exercise specific rights in relation to employment.
Where the Company processes other special categories of data, such as information about ethnic origin, sexual orientation, health or religion or belief, this is for equal opportunities monitoring purposes.
For some roles, the Company may be obliged to seek information about criminal convictions and offences. Where the Company seeks this information, it does so because it is necessary for it to carry out its obligations and exercise specific rights in relation to employment.
Sharing your data
Your data will be shared with colleagues within the Company where it is necessary for them to undertake their duties with regard to recruitment. This includes, for example, the HR department; those in the department in which the vacancy exists, who are responsible for screening your application and interviewing you; and the IT department where you require access to our systems to undertake any assessments requiring IT equipment.
In some cases, the Company will collect data about you from third parties, such as employment agencies.
Your data will be shared with third parties if you are successful in your job application. In these circumstances, we will share your data in order to obtain references and other required information as part of the recruitment process.
Protecting your data
The Company takes the security of your data seriously. We have internal policies and controls in place to ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed, and is not accessed except by our employees in the proper performance of their duties.
How long we keep your data for
If your application for employment is unsuccessful (including when you have speculatively applied to us in respect of a role which is not available), we will hold your data on file for 6 months. At the end of that period, your data is deleted or destroyed (unless we need to retain it for longer to exercise or defend any legal claims).
If your application for employment is successful, personal data gathered during the recruitment process will be transferred to your personnel file and retained during your employment. The periods for which employee data is held will be provided to you in a separate privacy notice.
Automated decision making
Recruitment processes are not based solely on automated decision-making.
Your rights in relation to your data
As a data subject, you have a number of rights. You can:
access and obtain a copy of your data on request;
require the organisation to change incorrect or incomplete data;
require the organisation to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing; and
object to the processing of your data where the organisation is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing.
If you believe that the company has not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner's Office (https://ico.org.uk/).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights explained above, please contact Global Head of HR.
If you do not provide your data to us
One of the reasons for processing your data is to allow us to carry out an effective recruitment process. Whilst you are under no obligation to provide us with your data, we may not able to process, or continue with (as appropriate), your application.
Who We Are
Life At Treatt
Our opportunities
Looking After You
Careers Blog
Job Applicant Privacy Notice
This site uses cookies as described in our Cookies Statement. If you agree to our use of cookies, please continue to use our site.Continue