http://www.amtico.com/commercial/terms-of-use/
Your sample has been added to your basket. You can order up to 6 samples free of charge. Once you have completed your selection, simply click on your Basket to complete your order.
Amtico
Commercial
Terms of use
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this site.
What's in these terms?
These terms tell you the rules for using our websites www.amtico.com, www.amtico.de, www.amtico.fr, www.amtico.es, www.amtico.se (our sites).
Click on the links below to go straight to more information on each area:
Who we are and how to contact us.
By using our site you accept these terms.
There are other terms that may apply to you.
We may make changes to these terms.
We may make changes to our site.
We may suspend or withdraw our site.
Users outside the UK.
You must keep your account details safe.
How you may use material on our site.
Do not rely on information on our site.
We are not responsible for websites we link to.
Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you.
Product Samples.
How we may use your personal information.
We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them.
Rules about linking to our site.
Which country's laws apply to any disputes?
Our trade marks are registered.
Who we are and how to contact us
www.amtico.com , www.amtico.de, www.amtico.fr, www.amtico.es, www.amtico.se (our sites) are operated by Amtico International, trading name of The Amtico Company ("We"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 02303730 and have our registered office at Kingfield Road, Coventry, Warwickshire, CV6 5AA. Our main trading address is Amtico UK and European Sales, Solar Park Southside, Solihull, West Midlands, B90 4SH, UK. Our VAT number is GB661548915.
We are a limited company.
To contact us, please email info@amtico.com or telephone our customer service line on 0121 745 0800.
By using our site you accept these terms
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site.
We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.
There are other terms that may apply to you
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our Privacy Policy. See further under section on how we may use your personal Information.
Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
Flooring Specialist Agreement.
We may make changes to these terms
We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
These terms were most recently updated on 12th March 2020 when we added the clause on Product Samples.
We may make changes to our site
We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect changes to our products, our users' needs and our business priorities. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any major changes.
We may suspend or withdraw our site
Our site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Users outside the UK
We do not represent that content available on or through our site is appropriate for use or available in locations outside the United Kingdom. If you access this site from other locations, you acknowledge and agree that your use of the site is governed by English law and that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction.
You must keep your account details safe
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at info@amtico.com.
How you may use material on our site
We or our affiliated group companies are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
If you send us personal data of any individual via our website, you will comply with all “Applicable Data Protection Laws” (defined in the paragraph below) including without limitation, to the extent that such personal data relates to European data subjects, the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) and to the extent that such personal data relates to a UK data subject, the Data Protection Act 2018. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you will ensure that before submitting personal data on behalf of any third party, you have given all notices and/or obtained all consents required under the Applicable Data Protection Laws.
For the purposes of the above paragraph, “Applicable Data Protection Laws” means all laws relating to data protection and privacy which are from time to time applicable, including (but not limited to) the Data Protection Act 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR), the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive 2002/58/EC (as updated by Directive 2009/136/EC) and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (SI 2003/2426) and all related national laws, regulations and secondary legislation, in each case as amended, replaced or updated from time to time and together with any subordinate or related legislation made under any of the foregoing.
Do not rely on information on this site
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date.
We are not responsible for websites we link to
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
Whether you are a consumer or a business user:
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
If you are a business user:
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any products to you, which will be set out in our terms and conditions of supply with you.
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user:
Please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
If defective digital content that we have supplied, damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. However, we will not be liable for damage that you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage that was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us.
Product Samples
The product samples provided to prospective customers will be made available on loan from Amtico at no cost. They can be returned to Amtico with the postage provided within the sample boxes at no additional charge to prospective customers. If they are not returned to Amtico, the responsibility for their safe disposal is transferred to you, the prospective customer, who should ensure disposal according to local waste legislation.
How we may use your personal information
We will only use your personal information as set out in our Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Rules about linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part, unless permitted by us. If you are an authorised retailer of our products, any such link must be in accordance with the provisions of the “Flooring Specialist Agreement” which we have issued to you. If you are a consumer, you may only establish such a link via the social media icons in the “Inspiration” section of our site, for the purpose of sharing content that we have published in that section, provided that you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact UKMarketing@amtico.com .
Which country's law s apply to any disputes?
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Our trade marks are registered
We or our affiliated group companies have accrued goodwill in our registered and unregistered trade marks, including the brand names on our website and the trade marks listed here which are our (or our affiliated group companies’) registered trade marks .We do not grant you any right to use them, without our approval, unless they are part of material you are using as permitted under How you may use material on our site.