http://www.lufthansa-technik.com/legal-terms
Skip to Content
Legal Terms
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our customers and their representatives is very important to Lufthansa Technik.
more
Website Information
They are of a general nature only, and do not impose any legal obligation on Lufthansa Technik.
more
General Terms and Conditions
for Maintenance Services performed by Lufthansa Technik AG.
more
Company Info
Company address and basic legal information.
more
Cookie Settings
We use cookies so that we can offer you the best possible website experience. This includes cookies which are necessary for the operation of the website and to manage our corporate commercial objectives, as well as other cookies which are used solely for anonymous statistical purposes, for more comfortable website settings, or for the display of personalised content. You are free to decide which categories you would like to permit. Please note that depending on the settings you choose, the full functionality of the website may no longer be available. Further information can be found in our Privacy Policy.
Necessary
Statistics
Comfort
Personalization
By selecting this category, the categories Statistics and Comfort
will also be activated.
Imprint
Hide details
Necessary
These cookies are necessary to run the core functionalities of this website, e.g.
security related functions.
Statistics
In order to continuously improve our website, we anonymously track data for
statistical and analytical purposes. With these cookies we can, for example,
track the number of visits or the impact of specific pages of our web presence
and therefore optimize our content.
Comfort
We use these cookies to make using our website even more comfortable for you.
For example, on www.lufthansa-technik.com we save your previously gathered
information on the dashboard.
Personalization
These cookies are used to display personalized content matching your interests.
We can display special offers which are perfectly suited to your needs.
Confirm selection
Select all
Your recent searches
Popular search terms
A350 Mobile Engine Services AVIATAR
ll:#000A42;}