https://www.duracell.com/en-us/privacy/
Duracell OptimumLithium CoinCoppertop BatteryPower BanksSpecialty & Other ProductsHearing Aid Batteries
Innovation
Global Consumer Sales
Technical Library
For Professionals
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 1st, 2020
Thank you for visiting the Duracell website. This website is intended for individuals located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please exit this website and visit our local country specific websites. The operator of this website is Duracell U.S. Operations, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its registered office at 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware, United States.
Trust is a cornerstone of our corporate mission.
Duracell is committed to maintaining your trust by protecting personal data and/or information that we collect and use. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the information that we and our affiliated companies and subsidiaries (“Duracell”, “we”, “us”) collects about you, how we use and protect this information, the choices you can make about how we use this information, and how you can
make certain requests pertaining to your personal data and/or information as provided by applicable law.
Your use of our website and/or mobile applications constitutes your acknowledgement and agreement to the privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy.
We strongly urge you read this notice and make sure you fully understand our practices in relation to personal data and/or information, before you access or use any of our services.
Table of ContentsWhat’s covered by this Privacy Policy?
What information do we collect and how?
How do we use your personal data and/or information?
Cookies
How Duracell Uses This Information
Interest-Based Advertising
“Do Not Track” Requests/Signals
Personal data and/or information Sharing
Information Transfer
Your Choices
Information Security
Children’s Online Privacy
Contact Duracell
Changes to this Privacy Policy
What’s covered by this Privacy Policy?Any Duracell website or mobile application which links to this Privacy Policy is covered. This Privacy Policy does not cover and we are not responsible for third-party websites or applications that may be linked from our websites or mobile applications. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website and mobile application that you visit or use.
What information do we collect and how?We collect information from and about you from various sources.
This includes: information we collect directly from you when you provide it to us; information that is collected automatically when you visit our website, use our mobile applications or other services, and interact with our emails, ads and other online content; and information that we receive about you from third parties and from publicly available sources.
We may collect information directly from you when you voluntarily choose to provide to us when you participate in our offers, promotions, and competitions, call or email us, or otherwise provide information directly to us.
We may collect the following types of information directly from you:
Identification data such as name, postal address, telephone number
Email address
Profession and job
Professional contact details
Household composition
We, our service providers, and other third parties use web server log files and cookies, web beacons, pixels, and other technologies to collect information when you visit our websites, view our online advertisements or promotions, open emails you receive from us, or use our mobile applications or other services. Examples of information collected automatically include:
Device type
Name of internet service provider
Advertising ID or similar device identifier
Geolocation
We also may obtain personal data and/or information about you from third-party sources, including from our service providers and other third parties as well as from publicly available sources.
Personal data and/or information collected by third parties is collected pursuant to their respective privacy policies, and we are not responsible for their privacy practices.
We use personal data and/or information that we receive about you from third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
All of the information we collect from or about you may be combined and used and shared as described in this Policy.
How do we use your personal data and/or information? Duracell uses personal data and/or information in the following ways:
Marketing: we will use personal data and/or information you voluntarily submitted to us to send you requested materials or provide personal data and/or information about our products, services, promotions and competitions. If you have requested product information, participated in our promotions or competitions, or if you have bought products, we may also use your personal data and/or information that you provided to us or that is automatically collected when you interact with our websites or mobile applications to provide information about products, promotions, or competitions we think may be of interest to you and to deliver ads and content to you based on your apparent interests.
Product development, customer management, testing, improvement and troubleshooting: we may use your personal data and/or information to answer your questions or respond to your requests, send samples, premiums, products and information, develop new products and services, and enroll you in contests, programs, or offers that you request. We may use your information to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, secure and protect the integrity of this website and our mobile applications, and for website, mobile application, and product development. We also may use data collected by cookies and other tracking technologies to analyze how you use the website and mobile applications in order to provide statistics and improve the experience of interacting with the website and mobile applications. See the “Cookies” section below for more information.
As permitted to meet applicable legal obligations and establish and defend legal claims: we may, pursuant to valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order, use and allow access to any information provided to Duracell, in order to comply with such process and to protect our rights and property. We may use your information as necessary to enforce our Terms and Conditions and otherwise manage our business. If warranted, we may also use and allow access to this personal data and/or information where physical safety is at risk or when required by law and/or government authorities.
To the extent necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you, for purposes of customer and contract management.
For other purposes disclosed to you when personal data and/or information is collected from you, or for other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
CookiesDuracell provide a variety of services on our websites using cookies. We place cookies on your device in order to provide you with personalized access to essential services, enhance website functionality, and to show you offers and services tailored to your apparent interests.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive as a “tag” that identifies your computer. The cookie has a unique ID assigned to your device, but typically does not contain data that directly identifies you like your name or email address. It helps to navigate from page to page on a website, provide secure connections, and remembers preferences from a previous visit, when you return. Cookies can allow us to properly format the web page on subsequent visits for your specific computer and browser, letting us personalise your experience and tailor our inter­actions with you.
Cookies also help us to gather anonymous statistics about usage and effectiveness of our website and mobile applications.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
We use both persistent and session cookies on our website.
We use third-party services for analytics and interest-based advertising purposes. These service providers and ad partners may use cookies alone or in conjunction with unique identifiers, beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the Website and mobile applications, open our emails, or interact with our ads. We do not combine the information collected through the use of these services with information that directly identifies you.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser’s settings to disable all or certain cookies if you wish. The “Help” feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. For more information on how to manage browser cookies, see http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
The Help feature on many browsers and devices will tell you how to adjust cookie configurations on the following browsers, please click on the relevant link below:
– Internet Explorer
– Firefox
– Chrome
– Safari: OSX/Mac OS, iOS
However, disabling all cookies could diminish the functionality of the site and negatively impact your site experience.
Please note that by disabling or deleting cookies, you may not be able to access the full functionality of the Site. Disabling or clearing cookies also may affect cookie-based opt-outs by either preventing you from using such cookie-based opt-outs or clearing opt-outs that you previously set.
To see how Duracell uses cookies to provide you with information and services, see below.
Operational cookies
We use cookies to provide services on our websites. These services include setting language preferences and security protection. These cookies are essential to the operation of our website.
Non-Operational Cookies / Other Technologies
We also use cookies to provide us with statistics about the number of visitors and the web pages viewed. This information helps us to design more useful content for you.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to help us analyze how visitors use our websites and mobile applications. The tool uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information.  The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and mobile applications and to compile statistical reports on website activity for us. We do not use the statistical analytics tool to track visitors to our website and mobile applications. We do not seek to link an IP address with the identity of a computer user. If you do not want any information to be collected and used by Google Analytics you can install an opt-out in your web browser. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this website is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy.
Interest-Based AdvertisingYou may receive interest-based advertisements, offers or other content as you interact with websites or mobile applications. Interest-based advertising is online advertising from Duracell and/or third parties that is tailored to your apparent interests and sent to your device using a cookie or other identifier assigned to your device. These cookies or other identifiers are placed in general interest categories that we infer from information such as:
The web pages you view and links you click on Duracell websites and other websites you visit.
Mobile applications you use.
The Duracell emails you view and links you click in the email.
Demographic data.
Offline and online purchase data.
We have designed our interest-based advertising systems to deliver such ads to you based only on data that does not directly identify you.
You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at https://google.com/ads/preferences or by vising NAI’s online resources at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based ads from Duracell on websites and mobile applications by deleting and declining cookies in your browser(s) as described above.  You also can learn more about opting out of third parties’ use of cookies used to tailor ads and other content to you by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Some of the third parties that we may work with may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s self-regulatory program, which provides consumers tools to opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising.  Click here to learn more about the DAA’s WebChoices tool. To help control or block certain ads in mobile applications, you may choose to download and utilize the DAA mobile app by clicking here.
“Do Not Track” Requests/SignalsThis website does not support, nor respond to, “do not track” or similar technical requests.
Personal data and/or information SharingThe success of our business depends on your trust, and we do not sell your personal data and/or information to marketers outside of Duracell. We do not share personal data and/or information except as described below.
Third-party service providers
We may rely on third-party service providers to perform a variety of business operations on our behalf. In so doing, we may need to share your personal data and/or information with them. We will then provide our service providers with only the personal data and/or information they need to perform the services we request. These services are carried out for the business purposes described in paragraph “How we use your information” of this Privacy Policy.  We enter into written contracts with our service providers, and we require that they protect this personal data and/or information and not use it for any other purpose.
For example, we may rely on a service provider to:
Fulfill your product and service requests and answer your questions.
Host our websites and deliver our communications.
Mail product samples.
Contact contest winners.
Conduct research and analyze data to improve our products, services and websites.
Conduct marketing activities, including facilitating interest-based advertising and other promotional activities
Perform other services that we request.
Aggregated and non-personal data and/or information
We share aggregated and/or anonymous information that does not identify you for Duracell business purposes. For example, we may disclose the number of visitors to Duracell websites or services. We may also share aggregated and/or anonymous information with our business partners for their own business purposes.  If we combine any aggregated or anonymous information with personal data and/or information that identifies you, we treat that combined information as personal data and/or information and use and share that combined information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Other situations
We may disclose your personal data and/or information:
To protect and defend the rights and property of Duracell (including enforcing our Terms and Conditions).
To prevent fraud.
When required by law, legal process and/or government authorities.
To a buyer, successor or other relevant third party in the event of a corporate transaction, merger, acquisition, consolidation, divestiture, spin-off, change in control, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as a part of a bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal data and/or information held by us will be among the assets to be transferred.
Information TransferYour personal data and/or information may be transferred and stored outside of your country of residence, which may be subject to different standards of data protection. Duracell may transfer your personal data and/or information within Duracell and/or to other third parties, such as our third-party service providers, who may be located in other jurisdictions. When we do so, we transfer personal data and/or information in compliance with applicable data protection laws. We have implemented procedures and controls to help ensure that personal data and/or information is protected no matter in what country it is stored or to what country it is transferred.
Your ChoicesYou can manage your personal data and/or information in the following ways:
Choosing the personal data and/or information you provide to us
You decide whether to volunteer certain personal data and/or information to us. While you may be able to use some features of our websites, mobile applications, services and offers without providing certain personal data and/or information to us, you may be required to provide us specific personal data and/or information in order to use others, such as receiving promotional information, participating in contests and special offers, and using certain websites, services and mobile applications.
Email communications
You can opt-out of receiving future promotional email messages from Duracell by following the opt-out instructions provided in any such message you receive. Please note that it may take up to ten (10) days to process your request.  Please also be aware that we may continue to send you transactional and administrative communications, such as emails confirming your transactions with us, and notices regarding changes to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. We also may keep information relating to your email preferences for our records, such as to ensure we honor your requests not to receive promotional email messages.
Personal data and/or information collection through mobile applications
You can opt out of continued personal data and/or information collection through our mobile applications by deleting the application from your device. However, this does not delete the personal data and/or information previously collected about you.
Collection of precise location data
You may opt out at any time from the continued collection of precise location information from your device by us and third parties by adjusting the settings on your device.
Automatic collection of personal data and/or information by cookies and other tracking technologies
For information about your choices to manage cookies and other tracking technologies, see the Cookies section above.
Interest-Based Advertising
For information about your choices to manage interest-based advertising, see the “Interest-Based Advertising” section above.
Children's Online PrivacyOur websites and mobile applications are not directed to individuals under the age of 13.  If you are under the age of 13, do not use our websites, mobile applications or services or provide us with any personal information.  We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under the age of 13 or as defined by local legal requirements. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe that child has provided their personal information on our websites or mobile applications without your consent, please contact us at dataprivacy@duracell.com and we will delete that personal information in accordance with applicable law.
California Privacy RightsIndividuals who reside in California and have an existing business relationship with us may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us at dataprivacy@duracell.com  or at: 800-551-2355. Within thirty days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted to any email addresses other than the email address specified in this paragraph.
Contact DuracellIf you have any questions, inquiries, or complaints about the collection or use of your personal data and/or information, please contact us at: dataprivacy@duracell.com.
Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe will post changes to this Privacy Policy and indicate the effective date when this Privacy Policy is updated.  If we make any materials changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting notice of the changes on this website, or by other means.