http://www.youcheckcredit.com/privacy.html
Request Password or User ID
This form may be used to change your new password or retrieve your user ID. Your information will be automatically emailed to you immediately.
Note: If you do not see this information in your regular inbox, please check your junk/bulk/spam folder.
Tenant Screening inLess than 10 Seconds!
Register Now !Click Here
Home
Individual Owners
Property Management Co.
Quick & Easy
Product / Pricing
Benefits
FAQ
Rent Right Recommendation
Sample Credit Report
Blog
Register Now It's FREE
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 28, 2015
YouCheckCredit.com values the privacy of those visiting our web
site. The following outlines our policy with regarding to information
obtained from visitors to our web site: http://www.youcheckcredit.com
Registration
In order to use this web site, we request certain personally
identifiable information from you on the registration form.
During
registration you are required to give contact information such as name
and email address. We use this information:
to create an account for you;
to allow you to run credit checks, background checks;
as functionally necessary to process visitor instructions and transactions;
for efficient internal operation of our web site;
for internal marketing purposes;
for disclosure to and use by third parties with respect to visitors who consent after being notified of intended uses;
in emergencies when physical safety is believed at risk;
in the event such web site visitor becomes a customer of
YouCheckCredit.com, according to the terms and conditions of the
YouCheckCredit.com Master Agreement;
To send you monthly newsletters and service related emails.
You are also required to provide additional information such as
whether or not you are an Individual/Sole Proprietor, Partnership/Joint
Venture, or Corporation/LLC.
We require you to provide us with the
following information: number of units, address, and phone number.
You
must also digitally sign the contract you submit to us.
Ordering Reports:
In order to order reports such as credit reports or background
checks you are required to pay a fee. We collect your credit card
number, expiration date and card verification code.
You have the
ability to store your card on the site once you have used it.
We store
this within an encrypted area of the site. You may choose to no longer
store your credit card numbers at any time.
We will collect the following information about third parties when
you order a report: their name, social security number, birthdate,
address, current job and current income.
We collect this information
for the sole purpose of providing a report to you.
We will not use this
information for any other purpose.
Add User
If you wish to add a user to your account we will collect a user ID,
email address, name, address and phone number.
We use this information
for the sole purpose of setting up an account for them.
Add Property
When you add a property to your profile we will collect the Property
Name, address, contact name, phone number and email address. We collect
this information for the sole purpose of allowing you to add a property
to your account.
Newsletters
Once you register for the site you will receive our monthly
newsletter. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to
unsubscribe.
Please see the "Choice/Opt-Out" section below.
If you visit our web site to read or download information,
such as marketing material, press releases, product descriptions or
employment opportunity information, we collect and store only the
following information about you:
the name of the domain from which you access the Internet;
the date and time you accessed our site; and
the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site.
If you identify yourself by sending an e-mail to us or filling out a
request for information, we collect your name and email address.
If you are a YouCheckCredit.com customer and you are using our web
site to run a transaction, we store your identity and all information
regarding the transaction in accordance with the terms of our Standard
Master Agreement.
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter, you may opt-out of
receiving them by following the instructions included in each
newsletter, or by emailing us at support@youcheckcredit.com.
We do not share, sell, rent or trade your personally identifiable information with third parties other than as disclosed within this privacy policy.
Customer information, whether public or private, will not be sold,
exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason
whatsoever, without the consent of the customer, other than for the
express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested
by the customer.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable
information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is
necessary to protect our rights and/or protect your safety or the safety
of others, investigate fraud, or response to a government request,
comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served
on our web site. And to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
If YouCheckCredit.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Agents/Service Providers
We use other third parties such as background report providers to
fulfill orders, a credit card processing company to bill you for goods
and services, and an email service provider to send out emails on our
behalf.
We use Live Chat to assist you if you have questions while
using our site or regarding your order. When you sign up for credit
reports, we will share name, company, address or other identifying
information as necessary for the third party to provide that service.
These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for promotional purposes.
Updating or Correcting Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no
longer desire our service, you may correct, delete or update it by printing out
the form available within the "Update Account Info" section of the site
and faxing it into the following number: (866) 666-8844.
In order to
update your information we will need to verify your identity prior to
making any changes to your account information.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer
for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link
the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable
information you submit while on our site.
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.
We use
session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A
session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent
cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You
can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your
Internet browser's "help" file.
We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you
don't have to enter it more than once.
Persistent cookies also enable
us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the
experience on our site.
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by YouCheckCredit.com and our partners [specify type e.g. marketing partners], affiliates,
or analytics or service providers
[specify type e.g. online customer support provider, etc]. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users. movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
Analytics/Log Files
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality.
Blog
If you use the blog on this web site, you should be aware that any
personally identifiable information you submit there can be read,
collected, or used by other users of these blogs, and could be used to
send you unsolicited messages.
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these blogs. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@youcheckcredit.com.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Customer Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain
personally identifiable information.
We do obtain the customer's
consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name
along with their testimonial. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at support@youcheckcredit.com.
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of YouCheckCredit.com. If you submit personally identifiable information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us.
When
you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or
social security number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt
that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the
personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during
transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the
Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to
protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security.
If you have any questions about security on our web site, you can email us at support@youcheckcredit.com.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those
changes to this privacy policy, the home page, and other places we
deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect,
how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any
time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to
this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice
on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.
YouCheckCredit.com, Inc.
1011 Brioso Dr. Suite 111
Costa Mesa, CA 92627
support@youcheckcredit.com
Home |
Tenant Screening |
Testimonials |
Demo |
Contact Us |
Register Now! |
Related Sites |
Resources |
Site Map
Registered Sex Offender | Sex Offender | Free Rental Application | Rental Application Form | Rental Application
Tenant Screening Services | Online Tenant Screening | Tenant Screening | Tenant Credit Report | Tenant Credit Check
Landlord Credit Check | Renter Credit Check | Online Credit Check | Check Credit Report
Property Management System | Property Management Software | Property Management | Criminal Report
People Background Check | Criminal Record Background Check | Online Background Check
Criminal Background Check | Background Check | Credit Report
Copyright 2020 YouCheckCredit.com All rights reserved.
See our Privacy Policy
w3