http://www.omnova.com/corporate/misc/privacy-policy
Select Region
North America
South Pacific
Latin America
EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa)
Asia (excl. China, incl. India)
China
Log into OMNOVA.com
Username
Password
Keep me logged in
Forgot My Password
Need an account?
An OMNOVA.com account allows you to:
Request chemical and engineered surfaces samples
Download additional technical data and spec sheets
Stay informed about the latest OMNOVA products (if desired)
REGISTER
North America
Login / Register
About Us
Resource Center
Careers
Contact Us
Toggle navigation
x
Privacy Notice
Omnova uses cookies on our site and by continuing to browse the site, you accept the use of these cookies
x
OMNOVA Solutions has been acquired by Synthomer plc.
OMNOVA is now part of Synthomer, a global specialty chemicals company and one of the world's major suppliers of aqueous polymers.
The combined organization creates a US$2.8 billion global enterprise with a broad array of specialty products and services.
The acquisition provides an expanded geography for improved customer proximity, greater scale to more efficiently produce and distribute product, and increased breadth of products and technology offerings.
Read the News Release Visit Synthomer Website Continue to the OMNOVA Website
If you have questions about the acquisition, please contact your OMNOVA or Synthomer representative.
You may also submit a question through our Contact Us page.
Toggle navigation
Industries & Markets
Products
Design Center
North America
Log in / Register
back
Agricultural & LandscapeAutomotiveConstruction & ArchitectureCorporate OfficeElectronics & Appliances
Food ServiceHealthcareHospitality & EntertainmentIndustrialMarine
Nonwovens & TextilesOil & GasPaint, Coatings & InksPaper & PackagingPersonal Care
Recreational VehiclesRetailSports SurfacesTires & Rubber GoodsTransportation
back
Performance Chemicals
Adhesives & SealantsAntioxidantsBindersCement AdditivesCoating Resins & AdditivesConcrete Protection & AdditivesDrilling Fluid Additives
Durable Press ResinsElastomeric ModifiersFloor Care Polymers & AdditivesFluid Loss Control AdditivesFluorosurfactantsIn-Mold CoatingsInsolubilizers
LubricantsMoisture BarriersOpacifiersPrimer CoatingsPrint EnhancersReinforcing ResinsRelease Coatings
RepellentsSaturantsSealantsSizing AgentsSoftenersStimulation Additives
Engineered Surfaces
Coated Fabrics Upholstery
Digital Wall Murals
Laminates
Performance Films
Home
Privacy Policy
Sample Cart
Privacy Policy
The OMNOVA Solutions Inc. Online Privacy Statement explains how OMNOVA Solutions Inc and its affiliates and partners collect, use, and share information. The Statement applies when visiting OMNOVA's websites.
How OMNOVA Uses and Shares Information
We collect non-personally identifying information to review and analyze aggregate visitor behavior, and to monitor and improve site and system performance. We collect information about you to provide a dynamic, personalized website and a better overall website experience, and to provide tailored information about our products and services. The information we collect may be used to identify you, process transactions, or improve products. We may share the information we collect online with OMNOVA’s affiliates, distributors and sales representatives. OMNOVA does not share this information with any other third parties except as expressly authorized by you or required by law.
Information OMNOVA Collects
OMNOVA may collect information about you when you browse our website, use our online services, or enter data into an application for new products or services or to register with this website. OMNOVA may also collect non-personally identifying information about your computer, smart phone or mobile device, Internet browser, pages you visited, and information you provide voluntarily, such as your zip code or survey responses.
Browsing OMNOVA's Website
You can browse anonymously on OMNOVA.com, although you will be restricted from accessing certain portions of the website or receiving certain information on various pages throughout our website. Once you register with the website, you are no longer anonymous because we need to identify you to determine your ability to access other areas of the site. You can manually delete cookies after each session or set your browser to regularly delete cookies. Please note this may require you to identify yourself to the website more frequently when you attempt to access “registration-only” portions of the website.
Third-Party Practices
This Statement does not apply to the online practices of third-party websites to which OMNOVA.com may link or that may link to OMNOVA.com. Third-party sites are covered by their own privacy policies. OMNOVA partners with reputable third parties to deliver various online products and services. If you request information through OMNOVA.com, OMNOVA and its third-party partners may keep the information you provide in order to service your requests. Examples of this include, but are not limited to: online tools and applications, online surveys, email, and forms accessed via computers or mobile devices.
Safeguarding Information
At OMNOVA, we are committed to safeguarding private personal information. We use electronic and procedural security measures to achieve these goals.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
A “cookie” is a file that may be placed on your computer to provide information such as the time of your last site visit and the pages you viewed. Cookies also help us protect your account from being accessed by anyone other than you when you conduct business online. They are common on websites and do not harm your computer.
OMNOVA and its third-party advertising partners may use similar technologies (e.g., Web beacons, pixels) to track visitors' activities. This allows us to verify your identity and honor your personal settings (e.g., font size, location), to enhance your online experience and help us improve our services. We may use cookies to track your interests or the effectiveness of our advertisements. Cookies used for tracking advertising do not collect personally identifiable information unless you have registered with our website or have entered our website from a link in your email.
Information about Online Tracking
Some browsers incorporate a Do Not Track feature that signals to websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. “Tracking” is not the same as using or collecting information in connection with a single website. For these purposes “tracking” refers to collecting personally identifiable information from consumers who use or visit a website or online service as they move across different websites over time.
There is no uniform standard for how browsers communicate the Do Not Track signal to websites. As a result, this site is not yet equipped to interpret or respond to Do Not Track signals communicated by any browser. For a description of Do Not Track protocols for browsers and mobile devices, or simply to learn more about the choices available to you, you can visit the All About Do Not Track website: http://allaboutdnt.com.
Email
If you send us email, we may retain or dispose of it. Please remember that any unencrypted email sent over the Internet can be intercepted; therefore, you should limit the personal information you include in emails that you send to us or anywhere over the Internet.
Online Surveys
The information you voluntarily provide in surveys via OMNOVA.com is used for research to help OMNOVA develop a superior Web experience and improve products and services. We may inform you of new products or services based on the information you provide. We maintain this information in a manner that does not identify you unless you choose to provide your contact information for follow up.
Social Media
You may also find additional information on our products and services through our accounts or pages on social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter. Please keep in mind that any information you share there is visible to all participants on these social media sites and you should never post any sensitive personal information (such as account number or social security number). Please carefully review the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy on these social media sites as they will be different than our own policies.
Linking to Other Websites
We may provide links to non-OMNOVA websites. We are not responsible for the privacy or security of the sites you are going to. This includes the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or suitability of their information. If you are asked to provide information on one of these websites, we urge you to review their privacy policies before sharing your information.
Information from Children Online
OMNOVA does not knowingly market products or services to children online under the age of thirteen. You can learn more about the Children's Online Privacy Protect Act (COPPA) at the Federal Trade Commission website.
Changes to OMNOVA's Online Privacy Statement
OMNOVA's Online Privacy Statement is subject to change and bears the date of the last update. Please review it periodically.
Review or Removal of Your Information
If you would like to review the information that is maintained for you by OMNOVA.com in connection with your use of this website, or to have your information deleted from the OMNOVA.com database entirely, please send a request to our WebMaster identifying yourself by name and email address. Additional information (such as your IP address) may be required to locate your information in the OMNOVA.com database if you have not registered with the website.
Updated: 15-June-2016
Quick Links
About Us
California Prop 65
Careers
Contact Us
Sustainability
Resource Center
Supplier Information
Trademarks
Join the Conversation
Standard Terms and Conditions of Sale Agreement
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2020 OMNOVA Solutions Inc.
All Rights Reserved