http://www.eflexes.com/privacy-policy
QUICK JOB SEARCH
SELECT A LOCATION
- Any -EuropeNationwide-Connacht--GALWAY--LEITRIM--MAYO--ROSCOMMON--SLIGO-Leinster--CARLOW--DUBLIN--KILDARE--KILKENNY--LAOIS--LONGFORD--LOUTH--MEATH--OFFALY--WESTMEATH--WEXFORD--WICKLOW-Munster--CLARE--CORK--KERRY--LIMERICK--TIPPERARY--WATERFORD-Ulster--CAVAN--DONEGAL--MONAGHAN--Northern IrelandUKWorldwide
SELECT A CLASSIFICATION
- Any -ACCOUNTING/FINANCE/BANKING-Accountants-Accounting Technician-Accounts Payable-Accounts Payable Language-Accounts Receivable-Banking-Cashier-Claims Manager-Cost Accountant-Credit Analyst-Credit Control-Economics-Financial Analyst-Financial Controller-Insurance-Payroll Admin/TechAVIATION/AEROSPACE/AIRLINES-Air Traffic Control-Aircraft Engineer-Aircraft Maintenance-Airport & Ground Staff-Cabin Crew-Manager-Operations Controller-Paintsprayers-Pilot-Planner-Ramp/BaggageBeauty Spa ManagerBeauty TherapistBEAUTY/HAIRCARE/LEISURE & SPORTSBiologistBUSINESS DEV & SALES-Inside Sales Representative-Sales & Marketing-Sales Reps-Sales Manager-Technical Sales ManagerBUSINESS DEV & SALESCAD TechnicianCarerChemistClinical Nurse ManagerClinical Trials ManagerClinical Trials ResearchCONSTRUCTION-Counter Sales-Estimator-Foreperson-Land Surveyor-Quantity Surveyor-Site Manager-Structural EngineerCustomer Facing EngineerCUSTOMER SERVICES/LANGUAGES-Customer Service Dutch-Customer Service English-Customer Service French-Customer Service German-Customer Service Italian-Customer Service Portuguese-Customer Service Russian-Customer Service Spanish-Customer Service Swedish-Customer Services Manager-Team Lead-Tech Support English-Tech Support LanguageDirector of NursingDISTRIBUTION/LOGISTICS/SUPPLY CHAIN-Artic Driver-Business Dev Executive-Distribution-Logistics Manager-NPI/Packaging Engineer-Operations Manager-Shipping Clerk-Warehouse Gen - Forklift-Warehouse SupervisorEDUCATION/CHILDCARE & TRAINING-Au Pair-Childcare Management-Childcare Staff-Education Officer-Montessori Teacher-Special Needs Teacher-Teaching Assistant-Training SupervisorElectronic EngineerENGINEERING-CAD Engineer-Electrical Engineer-Engineering Director-Engineering Manager-Fitter-R&D EngineerEngineeringENVIRONMENTAL/HEALTH & SAFETY-Energy Manager-Environmental Engineer-FOOD/MEDICAL/PHARMA/SCIENCE-Health & Safety Consultant-Health & Safety Engineer-Health and Safety Manager-Occupational Health Specialist-Safety Specialist-Site Safety AdvisorFACILITIES & UTILITIES-Facilities Engineer-Facilities Supervisor-Maintenance TechnicianFood TechnologistFormulation ScientistGENERAL ADMINISTRATION-Accounts Administrator-Finance Admin-Marketing Administrator-Office Administration-Office Manager-Payroll Administrator-ReceptionistGENERAL MANAGEMENT-CEOGolf InstructorGRADUATE-Business Graduate-Graduate Design Engineer-Graduate Mechanical Engineer-Graduate Software EngineerGraduateGym InstructorHairdresserHardware EngineerHEALTHCARE/MEDICALHEALTHCARE/MEDICAL PROFESSION-Assistant Director of Nursing-Clinical Nurse Manager-Director of Nursing-Midwife-Nurse-Pharmacist-Pharmacy Technician-Pre-Registered NurseHOTEL/RETAIL/TRAVEL/CATERING-Bar Manager-Caravan Park Manager-Front Office Manager-Retail Management-Sales Assistant-Service StaffHR/RECRUITING/TRAINING-E-Learning-Employee Relations-HR Administration-HR Generalist-HR Manager-HR Specialist-Recruitment-TrainingIT-Applications Support-Business Analyst-Database Administration-IT Design-IT Manager-IT Security Specialist-IT Tester-MySQL Admin-Network Engineer-Project Manager-SAS Programmer-Software--.Net Developer--Software Development---Software Devlps-Tech--Software Tester--SQL Admin-Software Engineering Manager-SQA Engineer-Systems Administration-Systems Engineer-Technical WriterIT DUBLIN-Program ManagerLaboratory ManagerLaboratory TechnicianLEGAL-Corporate Solicitor-Law Graduate-Legal Secretary-Solicitor-Trainee SolicitorMANUFACTURING OPERATORS-Electronic Ops-General Operator-Machine Operator-Machine Ops-Medical DeviceMANUFACTURING/PRODUCTION/MATERIALS-Commodity Manager-Inventory Controller-Lean Practitioner-Manufacturing Engineer-Materials Engineer-Mechanical Engineer-Process Engineer-Production-Purchasing/Planner/Buyer--Buyer--Planner---Planner--Purchasing Administrator-Quality--Quality Eng-Manager-Ctrlr--Quality Engineer--Quality Ops-Technicians-SupervisorMARKETING/PUBLIC RELATIONS-Marketing Executive-Marketing ManagerMaterials EngineerMechanical EngineerMedical DirectorMEDICAL PROFESSIONALS-Activity Coordinator-Occupational Therapist-Physiotherapist-Radiation Therapist-Radiographer-Speech & Language Therapist ( Stroke and Swallow )MicrobiologyNurseNurse Elderly CareOPERATIONS MANAGEMENT-Customer Service Manager-Logistics Manager-Operations Manager-Planning Manager-Production Manager-Production-Supervisor & Team Leads-Project Manager-Purchasing Manager-Quality Manager-Supply Chain Director-Supply Chain Manager-Warehouse ManagerPersonal TrainerPharma EngineerPharmacistProcess EngineerProcess EngineerProduct-Development Eng-Product ManagerProduct-Supp-Manufact-Process EngPUBLISHING/PRINT/MEDIA-Graphic Designer-Media-Printer-Web DesignerQuality EngineerQuality TechnicianRegulatory AffairsResearch ChemistRetailRF H/W EngineerSalesSalon ManagerSECURITY/SERVICES/TRADES-Carpenter-Electrician-Mechanic-Plumber-Refrigeration Engineer-Security-WelderSocial Care WorkerSupplier Quality EngineerSUPPLY CHAIN-Forklift DriverSupply Chain DirectorTECHNICAL/ELECTRONICS-IC Design-Project Manager-R&D Manager-RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENTTechnicianTELECOMMUNICATIONS-Project ManagerTest EngineerValidation EngineerValidation Manager
JOB REF No.
OTHER KEYWORD?
Home › ABOUT US › Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Introduction - Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out the foundation on which all personal data that eFlexes collects from you, or that you provide to us via our website , will be processed by us. Read this policy carefully to understand eFlexes' practices relating to your personal data and how we will treat it.
By visiting this web site, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Any data about individuals you enter onto our website directly or included in any message to us will be subject to the Acts and you are responsible for its accuracy and relevance and must have the authority to disclose it and for us to utilise it for the purposes of any transaction or services concluded for or by you through this website.
By agreeing to these terms and conditions you give your consent to the collection, use and retention of your personal information for our legitimate business purposes as explained in this privacy policy. We collect, use and retain information about you only if we reasonably believe it is justified, required and useful in order to conduct our business effectively and to provide you with information about products and services we believe will be of interest to you.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy you should not use this website and/or our services. If you do not give eFlexes the personal data it seeks (provided that the data sought is reasonable and relevant to the services being provided to or for you), we may be  unable to provide you with recruitment and/or related intermediary services.
If you do not accept that we process your data in the manner detailed in this Policy, please do not submit any personal data to us.
This Policy is effective on 11th May 2018.
The Controller of Your Data
At eFlexes, we guarantee that all the data you send to us is processed fairly and lawfully, and with due skill and care. We will also guarantee you that the data you submit is solely used in accordance with the purposes as set out in this policy.
Collection & Use of Your Personal Data
eFlexes collects and uses your personal information to perform the recruitment functions/services you have requested. We will collect personal data. Personal data will generally consist of your name, contact details and other information contained in your CV.  By uploading your details to the eFlexes website you are confirming your consent for us to hold your personal information before it is stored and processed. The personal data will be requested, stored, processed, used and disclosed by eFlexes to:
Evaluate data about you against vacancies which we may have that we determine may be suitable for you. eFlexes in line with the nature of recruitment services, we will keep your data on our database with your consent.
Send your information to our clients to put you forward as a candidate for vacancies or to assess your eligibility for vacancies that we may have with your permission. When your information is sent to a client, we will automatically notify you by email when  this has been done, to which client it has been shared  and for what specific purpose so that you know where else your data has been submitted and stored.
Permit you to submit your CV to apply online for jobs.
Communicate with you about relevant job opportunities and provide career guidance and support
Where we have a bona fide requirement by law to disclose it to third parties in relation to the detection of crime, the collection of taxes or duties, in order to comply with any applicable law and court orders.
Third-parties where we or our client have engaged them to deliver services that have been requested. These may include references, employment medical results, qualifications, criminal reference checking services and/or psychometric evaluation or skill tests. These will be advised to you as part of the process and you have the option to decline.
For people being employed by eFlexes, additional personal information is required to facilitate employment, compliance and payment services, such as bank account details, national identification numbers and visa details. This data will only be held for as long as it is required to provide such employment services and will be deleted once your employment has finished and data is not required for any other legal purposes.
This list is not exhaustive and we may seek to process, use or disclose your information for any other purpose which has not been listed above always with your explicit consent.    We reserve the right to assign your data to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all the assets of our company in circumstances where the third party agrees to observe the terms of this Policy. eFlexes will notify you of such circumstances and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt-out.
Who Can access Your Data
The information that you have provided to us may be made available to personnel working in eFlexes, our clients, and the third parties as set out above. Your personal data is wholly stored and processed within the European Economic Area.  Where your personal information is required to be sent outside the European Economic Area we will contact you for your permission prior to the disclosure of your personal information. In the event that we need to transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area we will take the appropriate steps to guarantee that your privacy rights continue to be protected as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
Existing Information Held by eFlexes
We will use our best endeavours to guarantee that all Personal Data that you have submitted to us is maintained and up to date. However, it is your responsibility to inform us of any changes to your Personal Data to ensure that it is up to date.    Where we currently hold personal information about you, you may at any time request that we modify, update, erase or provide a copy of this information to you.  All such deletions and date updates should be sent to dataprivacy@eflexes.com from the email address of record   and these will be actioned within one week and you will receive confirmation that this has been completed. We may only refuse your request where we are legally obliged to do so. Where your request has been refused we will provide you with reasons for this refusal.  We will then hold such data for only as long as it is necessarily required by law.
Security of Your Personal Data
We are committed to the protection of Personal Information submitted to us. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. While eFlexes takes all due care in ensuring the privacy and integrity of the information that you provide, we recognise that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. The possibility exists that this information could be unlawfully observed by a third party while in transit over the Internet. eFlexes accepts no liability should this occur.