https://www.vsecorp.com/privacy.html
Toggle navigation
Careers
Veterans
Investors
Contact
Connect With Us
Home
Services
Federal & Defense
Fleet Solutions
Aviation
About
Contracts
Partners
News
Careers
Veterans
Investors
Contact
Connect With Us
GO
Privacy Policy
(updated October 2020)
VSE Corporation (“VSE”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) operates https://www.vsecorp.com (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site (“Privacy Policy”). VSE and the authors of this Site make no representations or warranties, whether express or implied, as to the accuracy or suitability of the information or materials contained in this Site. Access to and use of the information contained on this Site is entirely at the risk of the user. VSE shall not be liable, directly or indirectly to any user or any other third party for any misrepresentation resulting from the use of the information contained or implied on this Site. The logos used in the backgrounds & on the title of this Site & elsewhere are the sole property of VSE.. All other logos used on this Site remain the property of their respective owners, companies or organizations to whom the logos represent. They are used here only for the promotion of awareness. And by no means do they represent VSE. By proceeding into the Site you are accepting this disclaimer and the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Our Commitment to Privacy
We respect the privacy of your information. We provide this explanation about our online information practices as a show of our commitment to protect your privacy.
We do not sell or rent personally-identifying information collected during your use of our Site without your permission.
The Information We Collect
At the time you register on the Site, or you send us a communication, we collect and store such information as you may provide, which (depending on the circumstances) can include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, payment information and other personally-identifying information.
In addition, we may automatically gather general statistical information about our Site and visitors, such as IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, etc., but in doing so we do not reference you by individual name, e-mail address, home address, or telephone number. We use this data in the aggregate to determine how much our customers use parts of the Site so we can improve the Site. We may provide this statistical information to third parties, but when we do so we do not provide personally-identifying information without your permission.
The Way We Use Information
We use your personally-identifying information to act on and improve our outreach and educational efforts, to statistically analyze Site usage, to improve our content and to customize the Site's content, layout, and services.
We may use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as e-mail alerts and news updates. You can opt out of receiving this information by so indicating in your registration/preferences file. We may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests, experience or requests which may use to customize our service for you.
We use your e-mail address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices and communications relevant to your use of the Site. We will not send you promotions or announcements unless you give us permission to do so. You can opt out of receiving such contact by so indicating in your registration/preferences file.
We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Terms of Use. At times, we may review status or activity of multiple users to do so. We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to manage the Site and to enhance the Site based on the usage pattern data we receive.
Security
We employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information.
No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Any information you transmit to us, is done so at your own risk.
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online – for example on message boards, through e-mail or in chat areas – that information can be collected and used by others.
How You Can Update, Correct or Delete Your Information
You can access the information that we collect online and maintain through normal updating methods. To update, correct or delete this information, you can contact us by emailing us here . Your account can be deleted or deactivated, but doing so will result in your not being able to access member services.
Children Under 13
We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access the Site, and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages. Our services are not specifically directed to children. If a child has provided us with personally-identifying information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities.
Third Party Practices
The Privacy Policy of an advertiser or promotional service appearing at the Site may differ from ours. We encourage you to read that policy before responding to the offer.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the Site.
The use of cookies by our partners and tracking utility service providers is not covered by this Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our partners and tracking utility service providers use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Site.
Third-Party Practices
The Privacy Policy of an advertiser or promotional service appearing on the Site may differ from ours. We encourage you to read that policy before responding to the offer.
Changes to Our Policy
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be communicated through the Site at least fifteen days in advance of its effective date. Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the previous Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Site after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Your Consent
By using the Site, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the collection and use of information in the manner we describe.
Get In Touch
Corporate Headquarters
6348 Walker Lane
Alexandria, VA 22310
+1 703.960.4600
Business Development
Human Resources
Corporate Support Offices
ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System
Locations
Contact Us
×
Business Development
Small Business Partnership
Brittany Cooke: +1 703.329.4632
Wheeler Fleet Solutions
David Dwight: +1 814.443.7184
Federal & Defense Services
Dana Katalinas : +1 703.329.4237
Energetics Incorporated
EnergeticsBD@energetics.com
Akimeka
Scott Gabriel: +1 407.475.3806
VSE Aviation, Inc.
Ester Franco: +1 514.947.4721
×
Human Resources
Information: +1 703.329.4353
Recruitment
Talentacquisition@vsecorp.com
Veteran's Outreach
Talentacquisition@vsecorp.com
Employment Verification
+1 800.367.5690
×
Corporate Support Offices
Chief Executive Officer and President
John Cuomo
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Tom Loftus
Chief Human Resources Officer
Krista Stafford
Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary
Tom Kiernan
Health, Environment and Safety and Quality Systems Management
Michael Larkin: +1 405.394.6317
Vice President, Chief Information Officer
Matt Mullenix
Sales and Marketing
Dana Katalinas
Investor Relations
Get In Touch
Security Officer
Paul Duncan: +1 703.329.4241
×
×
ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System (QMS)
ISO 9001 is an internationally recognized model for a Quality Management System (QMS). The management system approach to running a business involves institutionalizing the best practices (processes) that are derived and updated through continuous process improvement. ISO 9001 is used by organizations (both manufacturing and service) to certify that their QMS is capable of meeting customer requirements from initial project planning through production, installation, and servicing.
The ISO 9001 standard provides VSE the means to manage our internal processes in conformance to established business and various contract requirements. Control of the process is gained through improvements based on knowledge rather than intuition. Product/service quality is obtained by designing processes that are known to produce a product or service that meets or exceeds the customer’s requirements. Product/service quality is maintained and improved by constantly and continuously upgrading the existing processes. The VSE Quality Policy states: "VSE Corporation, through the effective use of our continuously improving Quality Management System, is committed to provide quality products and services that meet the needs, expectations and requirements of all of our customers at a fair price".
VSE Corporation has maintained an ISO 9001 registered QMS since January, 1999. Our third-party registrar is LRQA Inc. VSE maintains a certified Quality Management System (QMS) that is subject to audit every 6 months by LRQA to ensure continued compliance in addition to continuous internal audits. The registered divisions and work sites of VSE are listed on the current copy of our ISO 9001 certification.
Close