https://www.tourismcollege.com/policies/
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Blog
Request Information
Toggle navigation
Programs
Programs
Online Instruction
Travel & Tourism Programs
Hospitality Programs
Flight Attendant Program
Online Certificate Programs
Meet Our Alumni
Testimonials
Our Instructors
Admissions
Admissions
Admission Requirements
How to Apply
Apply Online
Program Fees & Finances
Frequently Asked Questions
Student Housing
Scholarships for High School Students
Designations & Associations
International
Covid-19 Info for International Students
International Students
Pathways & Partners
Student Housing
Students & Alumni
Covid-19 News Updates
COVID-19 Health & Safety Portal
Student Loan Information
Students & Alumni
My CTC
Career Assistance
Referral Program
Graduation
Graduate Survey
Contact Us
Campus Virtual Tour
Campus Locations
Request Information
Careers with CTC
Media
Blog
Privacy Policy
Info Session
Student Admissions & Conduct Policies
For policies regarding student admissions, rules of conduct, dispute resolution and dismissal, please see the Student Handbook.
Privacy Policy
General Information
The Canadian Tourism College (CTC) is committed to protecting your privacy. CTC collects, uses and discloses your personal information in accordance with the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FOIPPA) and other applicable legislation.
Domestic & International Students
In accordance with Part 4(10)(1)(a) of the Personal Information Protection Act, we hereby notify you that your name and personal identification information, the name of your program of study, and the amount of the tuition paid will be forwarded to the Private Training Institutions Branch for the purpose of administering the Student Training Completion Fund. This information is collected by the PTIB under section 26 of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. For more information about the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, visit the Agency’s website at www.privatetraininginstitutions.gov.bc.ca.
Freedom of Information
The College will maintain Personal Information records under its jurisdiction.
Information of a public and routine nature and personal information about the person requesting it will be released informally. Mandatory and discretionary exceptions are clearly outlined in the Act.
Individuals may make a formal application in writing for information not released informally as a matter of course.
When a formal request is received anywhere in the College, the College has 30 business days to respond. The College will follow the instructions within the Act to meet the requirements of the formal request. This may entail the request or transference of information to another public institution, the request for fees to be paid before a search is undertaken or contact with the requester to clarify the request.
The Act specifies that the College has an obligation to assist the individual access information.
The College owners may authorize any person to perform the duties or functions of the head for the purposes of the Act.
Protection of Privacy
The College will collect only that personal information for which it has a legal authority to do so. Information not expressly required for the operations of the department must not be collected. If information is collected from anyone other than the individual, the individual must be informed. The individual must give express consent if the information is to be used for purposes other than for what it was collected.
Forms, paper or electronic, used to collect information should include a notice of legal authority, purpose/use of the information and a contact officer for further information.
Information collected about an individual must be held for one year.
The College must correct your personal information if you request it, or make a note beside your personal information showing the correction you requested.
The College will make reasonable security arrangements to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Third party information, either personal or economic, will be reviewed under Section 22 of the Act to determine whether such information may be released or would be an unreasonable invasion of the third party’s personal privacy.
Share:
Share on Facebook
Tweet
Pin It
Submit to Reddit
Share on LinkedIn
Send Email