http://www.armek.com/cookie-policy
COOKIE POLICY
COOKIE POLICY
The information below, concerning the use of cookies on this web site, is been carried out by the order of Authority for the Protection of Personal data of 8th May 2014 “identification of simplified ways for information and acquisition of approval for the use of cookies ” and in compliance with the Art.13 of the Privacy code (D.Lgs. n.196/2003).
The information is arranged and updated by GemmeCotti srl , the operator of the web site and the owner of the processing of personal data related to it, head office: Via Volta 85/A 20816 Ceriano Laghetto (MB), phone: 0039 02 96 460 406 , email: info@gemmecotti.com.
The same data may be used to practice the rights provided by the Code in customer’s favor (art. 7 e ss D.Lgs. 30 June 2003, n. 196 for example: login, cancellation, updating, rectification, integration, etc. ), and to ask for the updated list of persons in charge who is responsible for the requested treatment.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
HOW MANY TYPES OF COOKIES CAN WE FIND?
We can find different types of cookies, which have different features. Cookies can be classified as follows:
Session cookies: which are deleted immediately after the closure of the Browser (for example: Internet Explorer , Safari, Google Chrome, etc. )
Persistent cookies: which, opposite to the Session cookies, remain in the device also after the closure of the Browser for a certain period of time
First-party cookies: cookies generated directly by the owner of the web site used by the user
Third-party cookies: which are created by persons who aren’t the owner of the web site used by the user
THE TWO MACRO-CATEGORIES ARE:
TECHNICAL COOKIES which are necessary to the correct operation of the web site and which allow the browsing and without them the browser wouldn’t be able to visualize in the right way some information or to arrange for some services. For example , a Technical cookie is necessary to maintain connected the user during all the period of his visit on the web site, or to memorize the language options etc. Moreover the Technical cookies can be subdivided into: Navigation cookies that allow the normal use of the web site (they allow for example to purchase goods or to login on the private area of the web site); Analytical cookies that are used by the owner of the web site with the Technical cookies only when he wants to collect some information about the number of users and their operations on the web site; Functionality cookies that allow the users to browse to make a certain kind of operations (choose the language of the website, purchase goods/services etc. ) and also to improve the service offered to the user.
PROFILING COOKIES which are used to create a specific profile related to the each user and are used to promote the offers about the browsing on the net preferred by him. Since this devices are not necessary to the correct operation of the web site, but are only used to allow him to get offers which could be interesting for him, GemmeCotti srl allows him to enable/disable them giving the link of the information about cookies of the owner.
WHAT KIND OF COOKIES DOES WWW.ARMEK.COM USE?
http://www.armek.com uses some different cookies which have different purposes.
Armek srl respects your privacy and engage to protect it. For this reason we would like to share with you some information which can be very useful. On this web site are used:
Technic cookies which allow the correct operation of the web site
Analytic cookies which allow us to see how our customers use our web site and how we can make it better
Profiling cookies
THE FOLLOWING REPORT SHOWS THE COOKIES USED BY WWW.ARMEK.COM
FIRTS-PARTY COOKIES
ANLAYTICS FIRST-PARTY COOKIES
Cookies generated by Google Analytics. They are used to allow the owner of the web site to collect data about the customers’ behaviors.
_utmz – 6 month
_utmc – 6 month
_utmb – session
_utma – 2 years
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
TECHNIC THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
We use Youtube to provide Videos to our users.
GEUP – 2 years – youtube.com
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE – 8 month – youtube.com
YSC – 8 month – youtube.com
PREF – 8 month – youtube.com
GPS – Session – youtube.com
NID – 6 month – google.com
THE DEACTIVATION OF COOKIES ON THE BROWSER
Each user can configure his Browser so that it won’t accept automatically the cookies.
All the cookies installed on the Browser can be removed.
To receive the specific instructions for each kind of Browser please choose one of following links:
SAFARI: https://support.apple.com/kb/Ph39214?viewlocale=it_IT&locale=en_US
CHROME: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=it
FIREFOX: https://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Attivare%20e%20disattivare%20i%20cookie
OPERA:  http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.00/it/cookies.html