https://www.geschmidt.com/weldhelp-resistance-welding-troubleshooting/
Issue/Cause Chart
Use this matrix as a quick reference to link common welding issues with standard causes (Interactive and printable PDF).
Missing Weld
Missing welds may be the result of operator placement mistakes, or the result of machine errors in performance or settings.
Undersized Weld
Undersized welds can be the product of dirty or damaged parts and materials, or of incorrect welding setups.
Stuck Weld
Electrode wear, low weld current and high weld force may cause “stuck welds,” when only a slight, weak bond is formed.
Excessive Indentation
High weld current, high weld force and long squeeze and hold times may cause deep indentations that do not meet specifications.
Expulsion/Burn-Through
Issues with high electrode follow-up, high current and welds too close to the edge may cause the expulsion of molten metal during welds.
Cracks and Holes
High current, low force, expulsion and other systematic problems may cause cracks and holes in welds.
Mislocated/Edge Welds
Edge welds are often the result of electrode misplacement, trouble with access to weld areas, or part defects.
Sheet Metal Distortion
Problems with weld force, fixture placement and access to weld areas may cause distortion in workpieces and stampings.
Extra Welds
Additional unintended welds are usually the result of incorrect stampings or operator, robot or fixture error.
Inconsistent Welds
Variances in stampings and uneven electrical or mechanical connections may cause inconsistent resistance welds.
Brittle Welds
A weld that fractures with little plastic deformation may be caused by long hold times or problems with the stamping alloy chemistry.
Non-Round Welds
Non-round welds may be caused by electrode wear, issues with tip alignment, or dirty workpieces.
Poor Class A Appearance
Issues with required Class A appearances are often concurrent with a number of other issues, such as weld consistency and quality.
Stuck Electrodes
Electrodes, stampings or fasteners may weld together unintentionally after long hold times, incorrect materials or stamping coatings.
Interfacial Separation
Separation along the original weld plane (rather than tearing at a weld button) occur when stampings are stronger than the weld nugget.
Resistance Spot Welding Defect Troubleshooting Guide
The WeldHelp Resistance Welding Troubleshooting Guide is written for operators and engineers to help diagnose and solve common spot welding defects and issues, projection welding and seam welding applications. Consider it an experienced second opinion in a specialized field. Select an issue above or, if you suspect a cause creating multiple issues, check out the most common causes below.
Start with the WeldHelp Issue and Cause Matrix to help find solutions to common welding issues. Save the interactive .pdf file to your computer or print it out to use as a quick reference.
Common Causes of Resistance Spot Welding Defects
Weld Control/PLC Programming
Weld Current Low
Weld Current High
Weld Force Low
Weld Force High
Weld Time Short
Weld Time Long
Squeeze Time Short
Hold Time Short
Hold Time Long
Poor Tip Follow-Up
Equipment Selection
Wrong Transformer
Wrong Cables or Shunts
Incorrect Cylinder
Incorrect Hoses
Wrong Electrodes (Tips)
Incorrect Tip Dressing
Wrong Shank
Malfunctioning or Incorrect Air or Hydraulics
Poor Mechanical Connections
Poor Electrical Connection
Human Error and Project Set-Up Error
Electrode Wear
Incorrect Electrode Alignment
Electrode Faces Not Parallel
Electrode Skidding or Sliding
Dirty Welding Materials
Excessive Sealer
Poor Part Fit-Up
Poor Weld Access
Shunting of Guns or Parts
Incorrect Materials or Coatings
Damaged Part
Weld Flange Small
Welds Mislocated
Inadequate or No Gun Equalization
Incorrect Tests
Incorrect Workpiece
Insufficient Cooling
Search Site
©2020 G.E. Schmidt
Do not reproduce content without the express written permission of G.E. Schmidt.
Nut & Bolt Welding
Spot Welding
Tip Dressing
Consumables
Kaizen
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKMore Info & SettingsCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.
Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification onlyCheck to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.