http://www.powerpax.co.uk/legal/cookie-privacy-policy/
Power Supplies Home
Products
Medical
Industrial
Modified and Custom
About
Home
Products
Categories
Power Supplies
Power Supply Solutions That Drive Product Performance
Solve Your Engineering Challenges • Achieve Higher Efficiency • Power Your Designs
Get in Touch
Have You Found the Right Power Supply Partner?
Are you facing challenges in specifying the right power supply for your design?
Is power supply EMC performance or achieving safety certification a concern?
Are you looking for a power supply that meets the latest regulatory standards?
Does your design require a high density power solution due to space constraints?
Is your supply chain holding you back?
Is finding an engineering partner to help you develop your power supply a priority?
Get In Touch With Our Team
Find a Power Supply
External
DIN Rail
Desktop
Installation
USB
Wall Mount
Internal
Configurable
Encapsulated
Enclosed
Open Frame
U-Channel
Other Products
Cables and Accessories
LED Drivers
Power over Ethernet (PoE)
UPS
Get Reliable Efficient High Performing Power Supplies with TT Electronics
Avoid Design Headaches
Stop design headaches related to density, EMC, efficiency, topologies, peak power and more when you work with TT Electronics.
Save Time & Resources
When you partner with TT Electronics you can rely on us to deliver the right power supply for your application. Eliminating the hassle so you can focus your resources on getting your product to market.
Gain a Competitive Advantage
Deliver your power supply on budget and accelerate your time to market.
Start a Conversation
Delivering Power Performance to your Application
Industrial and ITE Power Supplies
Industrial and ITE Safety certified power supplies.
Explore
Medical Power Supplies
Medical grade power supplies certified for diagnostics, patient care and home healthcare.
Explore
You’re Responsible for Delivering Performance Driven Products.
As Your Partner, We Help You Get There.
We understand that failure isn't an option when it comes to powering your critical medical products which is why global OEMs in healthcare technologies have trusted in TT Electronics for over 30 years.
Start a Conversation
TT Electronics has quickly become our go-to partner for AC/DC power supply solutions. More than just a supplier, TT provides invaluable technical support with line-by-line review of our extensive product specifications and guiding us on the latest regulatory requirements. The TT lab in Hudson was able to respond quickly and provide in-house testing to resolve a RF interference issue for us, removing a challenge in our product design process.
From a commercial standpoint, we have worked with TT’s team to select the most cost-effective power supplies for our application which enables us to remain competitive in our market.  I highly recommend them as a power supply sourcing partner.
Chris Ashworth
Design Center Manager, Wilson Electronics
Our Capabilities to Help You Succeed
Industry Leading Products
Your products are too important to fail. You can count on our 30 year power supply expertise to deliver products that help you achieve your goals.
Power Supply Engineering
Providing the technical expertise and engineering resource to deliver performance critical solutions, for your product.
Global Footprint
From the USA to UK and Asia, our manufactuing operations provide global solutions with a local fingerprint.
Fulfillment Solutions
Providing tailored inventory and fulfilment solutions from our regional hubs in Boston USA, the UK and Hong Kong.
Partnering with TT Will Provide
Safety certified AC/DC and DC/DC products from 5W to 1.2KW
Engineering and technical expertise to support your system design process
Modified and customised power solutions
Full design cycle support from product selection to RMA/local repair services
Global supply chain, manufacturing and fulfillment
Individualised inventory and pricing programs
Regional power electronics laboratories for customisation, prototyping, fault analysis, applications integration and load characterisation testing
Globally stocked products via Distribution
The Plan - 3 Simple Steps to Do Business With You
1. Start a
Conversation
2. Develop a Design or Get a Sample
3. Start Your Project and Power Your Design
Start a Conversation
Looking for a Modified or Customised Power Supply?
Our technical experts work as an extension of your engineering team to understand your challenges and what you are looking to achieve. We provide resource, expertise and over 30 years industry experience to ensure you meet your power supply - and business - goals.
Learn More
Stop Your Power Supply Challenges Holding You Back And Get The Solutions You Need With TT Electronics
Equipment requirements are driving power supplies to be smaller and more efficient, which means designing power supplies is becoming increasingly complex and challenging to get right. With TT Electronics as your partner, you’ll reduce risk, you’ll develop a more reliable product and accelerate time to market.
Read More
At TT Electronics we know that you want to be an innovator in the industry. In order to do that, you need reliable efficient high performing power supplies. The problem is power supply design can be complex and challenging to get right which makes you feel stressed. We believe time is precious, you shouldn’t have to worry about the reliability of your power supplies. We know what it’s like to encounter challenging power requirements in your product design, which is why global OEMs have trusted us for over 30 years. Here’s how we do it: 1. Schedule a meeting or submit an RF Q 2. Develop a design or get a sample 3. Start your project and power your design. Start a conversation so you can stop wasting your time, and start being a leader by developing superior products.
Resources
Specification Demystification: Understanding Power Supply Hold-Up Time
Hold-up time is a fundamental performance metric for any power supply.
In this technical bulletin, we look at how to effectively compare the hold-up performance of different solutions and analyze the impact of the hold-up time on the overall performance of the system.
Read More
Featured Products
NEVO+1200
High power density 1200 watt modular configurable power supply.
View Product
SRS-150-24
AC/DC Enclosed 150 watt 24V low profile power supply with no fan.
View Product
PPWAM150
Industry leading 150 watt power supply in a 2x3 package medical and industrial.
View Product
PUP150N3
External desktop power supply 150W with super slim 1” height.
View Product
In the Media & Latest News
In the Media
Power Supplies for Home Healthcare
21 July 2020Our Engineering Manager, Dylan Howes, composed an article in Medical Product Outsoucing Magazine earlier this year.
Read more
In the Media
How Thermal Environment Impacts Power Supply Success
13 January 2020Read our featured article in Bodo's Power
Read more
04 November 2020
Designing Power Supplies for Uncontrolled Medical Settings
20 October 2020
When a Modular Power Supply is the Best Solution
10 August 2020
Installation Considerations for Internal Power Supplies
21 July 2020
Power Supplies for Home Healthcare
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Review our cookie policy for more details.
Ok