https://www.rhinestahl.com/privacy/
+
Skip to main content
Customer Tooling Solutions
Advanced Manufacturing Group
Education and Relations
About Us
Our History
Resource Center
Careers
Contact Us
Rhinestahl Corporation Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 31, 2020
Rhinestahl, and its subsidiary companies, knows that you take your privacy seriously and we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through compliance with this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”). Please take the time to read, review and familiarize yourself with this Privacy Policy, which describes the types of information Rhinestahl, as a data controller, may collect from you or that you may provide and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Rhinestahl.com (“Website”.) It will notify you of the following:
Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy
Updates & changes to this Privacy Policy;
The Personal Information that we collect or process;
How Rhinestahl uses Personal Information;
Legal basis for the processing of your information;
When and with whom we may share personal information
International Data Transfers
Retention Periods
Security of your Personal Information
Your Rights & Choices Relating to your Personal Information
California Disclosures
Links to Third Party Websites
Updating your Personal Information
Contacting Rhinestahl
Acceptance of Privacy Policy
You acknowledge and agree that by visiting, using or accessing the Website in any manner, you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you consent to the procedures we employ to collect, use, and share your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not consent to any of the terms or procedures described in this Privacy Policy, you should NOT access or use the Website.
Updates & Changes to Privacy Policy
Rhinestahl reserves the right to, in its sole discretion, change, amend or modify the Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes in our data and information practices.  If we modify or update this Privacy Policy, we will post changes and updates on this Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use and disclose. Even if you do not receive a notification regarding any updates to the Privacy Policy, the amended terms of the Privacy Policy will govern your use of the Services.  You are responsible for reviewing and understanding the Privacy Policy and any modifications to it.  Accessing or using the Services in any way following a change to the Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance and consent to the amended policy.  Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. The date of the last update of the Privacy Policy is indicated at the top of this Privacy Policy.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
“Personal Information” is all data or information that Rhinestahl gathers when you access or use the Website, which can be used to (i) identify you, either directly or indirectly, or (ii) contact you.  This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of all Personal Information, including that which you voluntarily submit to us and/or are required to submit pursuant to applicable law, that which is automatically generated and that which we obtain from our partners or other third parties.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we do not own or control, or people that we do not manage.
What information does Rhinestahl collect?
Information You Provide to Us
We receive and store any Personal Information you knowingly provide to us—either voluntarily or as required by law.
For example, we may collect the following Personal Information when you visit the Rhinestahl website and request additional information or when you register for a subscription to our emails and/or newsletters: full name, email address and telephone number.
Information Collected Automatically
We receive and record certain types of information automatically, such as whenever you interact with or access the Website.  For example, we automatically receive and record information from your browser, including your IP address, your geographic location, device type and unique device identification numbers, and technical data collected through cookies (as discussed below), pixel tags and other similar technologies that identify your browser.
“Cookies” are small data files placed on your browser, computer or other devices when you visit certain websites, which are intended to recognize your device when you return to our website or related websites.  We use cookies to help us recognize you as a user, collect information about your use of the Website, and collect information about your computer or other devices.  Cookies enable us to better customize our website for you.
Cookies we place on your browser or device are called “first party cookies.”  Cookies set by our partners or other third parties are called “third party cookies.”  Cookies set by third parties can recognize your device when you visit the Website or mobile applications.
Cookies can either be “session cookies” or “persistent cookies.”  Session cookies are temporary:  they stay on your device only while you are visiting our website or accessing our Services.  “Persistent cookies” stay on your browsing device until they expire or are deleted.
We—and our affiliates and/or service providers—use the following types of cookies:
Essential Cookies: Essential cookies allow you to navigate and use certain features of our Services.  For example, certain essential cookies enable you to access secure areas of our Services. Without these cookies, some Services may be unavailable to you.
Functional Cookies: Functional cookies allow us to record your choices and settings regarding our Services. These cookies help us personalize our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences.
Performance/Analytics Cookies: Performance/analytical cookies allow us to understand how you use our Services and website.  For example, these cookies register information about the number of visitors to the website, the most frequently-viewed pages on our website and the length of time users view particular pages on our site.
Retargeting/advertising cookies collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that we believe is relevant to you.
If you choose to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies on your browser or device, you may not be able to use or access all the Website.  If you do not consent to the placing of cookies on your device, do not access or use the Website.
We may also collect information from publicly available sources.  We do not link information obtained from Cookies to other personal information.
Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
How does Rhinestahl Use Personal Information?
Rhinestahl primarily uses Personal Information to customize, develop, operate, and improve the Website, including by implementing preferences requested by our users. We may also use Personal Information for the following:
administering our website and business;
personalizing our website or email communications for you;
supplying products or services purchased through our website;
supplying contact information to the sales team to perform your     requested contact request
sending you commercial communications;
sending you email notifications that you have specifically   requested;
sending you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you   can inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
providing third parties with statistical information about our users    including Google Analytics (but those third parties will not be able          to identify any individual user from that information);
Enhance security for the Website, including by monitoring and         verifying user identity as well as combatting malware, viruses or     other security risks;
Comply with applicable laws requiring us to collect certain Personal Information, including AML laws;
Analyze your use of the Website, including to personalize content based on your usage patterns; and
and for other legitimate business purposes.
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
We rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
Consent. We may use your personal data as described in this Privacy Policy subject to your consent.  To withdraw your consent, you may contact us at privacy@rhinestahl.com.  Please also see the section below regarding your rights and choices.
Performance of a contract. We may need to collect and use your personal information to enter into an agreement with you or to perform an agreement that you have with us. When we process personal data on behalf of third parties, we do so in performance of agreements with such third parties.
Legitimate Interests. We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests to provide our services and to improve our services and the content on the Website.
When and with whom does Rhinestahl Share Personal Information
Rhinestahl may share your Personal Information with third parties who have a legitimate purpose for accessing it.  Rhinestahl does not have a policy that would rent or otherwise profit from your Personal Information.
We may share your information in the following circumstances:
Service Providers / Related Companies: We employ other companies and people to assist with parts of our business operations and perform tasks on our behalf.  Where necessary, we will share your Personal Information with these service providers.  For example, we may disclose your personal information to our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers, or subcontractors as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. We may also disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) as reasonably necessary for the purpose set out in this policy.
Change of Control/Transfer of Assets: If we engage in any potential business transaction, including selling our assets, we may disclose your Personal Information in an anonymized form in connection with the evaluation of such transactions.  In the event of a merger, acquisition, or other corporate combination, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, we may transfer or sell Personal Information to a third party.
As Required By Law: We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any Personal Information to comply with law or court order, including to verify your identity, prevent and detect fraud and crime, conduct or cooperate in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity, or protect the rights, property, or safety of Rhinestahl, our employees, our users, or others.
In Anonymized Form:  Rhinestahl may use your Personal Information to create aggregated and anonymized data about our Services or the user thereof and provide such information to our partners.  In anonymizing your Personal Information or aggregating usage information, we will ensure you are not identifiable as an individual.
International Data Transfers
Though Rhinestahl is located in the United States, information that we collect may be stored, processed in, and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate. If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the following countries: The United States of America, Singapore, Dubai, U.A.E., and China.   The data protection and other laws of these countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By visiting the Website, you understand that your information will be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Retention Periods
Rhinestahl retains the Personal Information we collect for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data was collected, to perform our contractual and legal obligations, and for any applicable statute of limitations periods.
Security of your Personal Information
Rhinestahl takes the security of your Personal Information seriously and has implemented reasonable and commercially viable administrative, physical and technical security measures to help ensure that Personal Information is not lost, abused, altered or open to unauthorized use and/or disclosure.  We cannot guarantee that all transmission of data over the Internet is completely secure or error-free.
Your Rights & Choices Relating to My Personal Information
It is your right not to disclose Personal Information to us.  You have the right to access and view certain Personal Information you provided to us. In addition, you have the right to determine whether we hold accurate and current Personal Information about you, to request a copy of the Personal Information we hold about you pursuant to applicable law, and to update your Personal Information.  Note, however, that we may maintain a copy of the prior Personal Information in our records.
You have the right to request that we delete certain Personal Information about you contacting Rhinestahl Customer Support at privacy@rhinestahl.com. Pursuant to applicable laws, we may retain certain information about you even after you request that we delete your Personal Information.
In certain circumstances, you have the right to receive the Personal Information you have provided to us in an electronic format and to request that we transmit that Personal Information to another data controller.
Rhinestahl’s compliance with these requests may be conditioned upon your provision of appropriate evidence of your identity such as a color photocopy of your passport certified by a notary plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address.
California Disclosures
California Information-Sharing Disclosure: California residents may request a list of all third parties with respect to which we have disclosed any information about you for direct marketing purposes and the categories of information disclosed.  If you are a California resident and want such a list, please send us a written request by email to privacy@rhinestahl.com with “California Privacy Rights” in the subject line.
California Right to Object. Though we currently have no policy of selling your information to any third party, if you are a California resident, to the extent provided under California law, you may object in writing to the sale or other sharing of your personal information, and we will refrain from doing so without an economic impact on you, except to the extent, if any, that our inability to make use of your data impacts the economic value of our business relationship.
California Do Not Track Disclosure: We do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals as there is no consistent industry standard for compliance. Depending on the browser you are using, you may be able to choose to block third party cookies or browse in a private browsing mode. The Site is accessible even when private browsing is turned on. The information we collect is governed by this Privacy Policy.
Links to Third Party Websites
The Website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites. The inclusion of any link does not imply that we endorse the products and services offered at such linked site. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies which we encourage you to review. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Updating your Personal Information
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated by contacting Rhinestahl Customer Support at privacy@rhinestahl.com.
Contacting Rhinestahl
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or otherwise would like to contact Rhinestahl, please send Rhinestahl Customer Support an email  at privacy@rhinestahl.com or at +1 866-634-9945.
©
2020
Rhinestahl. All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
Close