http://www.matchcraft.com/privacy-policy
MatchCraft
Have a question?
Want a demo?
Our Solutions
AdVantage
Search
Display
Remarketing
Social
Auto
Shopping
AdVisor
Multi-Tiered Support
Knowledge Center
Product News
Industry Updates
Sales + Training
MatchCraft Causes
Newsroom
Meet Us
We Are MatchCraft
Meet the Team
Locations
Work Here
Succeed with Us
Schedule a Demo
Privacy Policy
MatchCraft Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement
LAST UPDATED: September 4, 2020
This privacy policy covers personal information collected by MatchCraft LLC, a company headquartered in California, USA, and its subsidiaries (MatchCraft, we, us) through MatchCraft’s services (the Services) and the website www.matchcraft.com and all other websites that link to this document (together, the Websites).
It is your responsibility to read and understand this privacy policy. By using our Services and visiting our Websites, you are agreeing and consenting to the practices described in this privacy policy. If you do not agree to all of this privacy policy and do not wish to be bound by it, you are not authorised to access or otherwise use the Websites, take part in any of the programs and offers that we provide, or use our Services.
This privacy policy may change from time to time so please check back here frequently. The “Effective Date” at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information described in this Policy.
This privacy policy explains the following:
What personal information do we collect or receive?
How is personal information processed, stored and kept secure?
How do we use personal information?
Do we share personal information with anyone else?
Are there any age restrictions on supplying personal information to us?
How long will we keep personal information?
Choices about receiving marketing messages.
Cookies and Do Not Track.
Social media.
Other websites.
California Privacy Rights – Shine the Light.
Access to personal information and keeping personal information accurate and up-to-date.
Privacy Rights of European Union individuals under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Special Information for Nevada Residents
California Privacy Rights – California Consumer Privacy Act
How to contact us.
1. What personal information do we collect?
1.1 What is personal information? Personal information is generally understood to be any information that allows someone to identify a person, including, for example, someone’s name, address, telephone and mobile numbers, email address, as well as any information about a person that is associated with or linked to, or could be linked to, any of the foregoing data.
1.2 What personal information do we collect or receive? The personal information we collect may include the following:
Contact information (such as name, address, phone number, email address) of users of the Websites and our advertisers and resellers of the Services;
Information about search engine (and other online site and application) users which is collected on behalf of a merchant client that uses MatchCraft’s Services to more effectively market the merchant’s products and services;
Records of communications made by individuals to our advertising clients using the Services, including telephone call data and call recordings;
Information about services or features requested through the Websites, including any information provided when requesting services or signing up for a feature (such as a newsletter);
Information related to transactions requested or completed through the Websites;
Communications with us (whether in writing, by email, or by telephone), including call recordings; or
Information about online activities, including browsing patterns, clicking, purchasing and searches performed.
We also may collect location data, IP address or device identification number, and other information from and about website pages visited, actions taken, country, devices, browsers, operating systems, manners of connecting to the internet, internet service providers or wireless carriers, or other information related to use of the Services or the Websites. We also may collect or receive information about you that is publicly available, commercially available from third parties, available from third party social networking services, or otherwise available.
1.3 How do we collect information? Personal information is collected by MatchCraft through use of the Services on search engines (and other online sites and applications) to advertise a merchant’s products or services to interested purchasers. Information about a person clicking on a merchant’s advertisement is used to ensure that the click is not fraudulent (not an automated bot) and to provide more information to the merchant about the prospective customer. Personal information is also collected when a Website user registers or fills in a form on a Website or otherwise contacts MatchCraft through the Websites, which may relate, for example, to interest in learning more about MatchCraft. This includes information provided when registering to use our Websites, subscribing to newsletters, if any, or participating in discussions on our Websites.
2. How is personal information processed, stored and kept secure?
2.1 As we are a company with offices and clients around the world, your personal information may be processed outside the country where you are situated. When you submit your details in whichever country you are situated you agree to the information being processed in other countries, including for example outside the European Economic Area (EEA). This personal information may include any information that you have provided to us or that we have collected or received. Countries that we transfer your information to may not have similar data protection laws as the EEA.
2.2 The Websites and our servers, wherever they are based, have appropriate technical and organizational measures in place to protect against unauthorized or unlawful use of your personal information as well as the accidental loss, destruction or damage of your personal information while under our control. However, despite these measures, we cannot guarantee your information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy (for example, as a result of unauthorized acts by a third party).
2.3 Data transmissions over the internet may not be secure unless they are appropriately encrypted or otherwise secured. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
3. How do we use personal information?
3.1 MatchCraft may process personal information for the following purposes:
providing you with goods and/or services that you have requested and communicating with you about those products and services;
reviewing your resume submission for potential employment;
monitoring, developing and improving the Websites, our services and your experience;
providing the Services to merchant clients and resellers;
providing a personalized service;
conducting market research surveys;
running competitions;
providing you with information about MatchCraft’s or our client’s products and services, including offers and promotions, unless you have opted-out or unsubscribed from these messages;
sending out email alerts unless you have opted-out or unsubscribed from these messages;
processing and responding to any questions, comments, complaints or enquiries made by you or legally on your behalf;
preventing and detecting fraud or other crimes, or recovering debts or tracing those who owe us money;
understanding how our Websites, products or Services are used, including to carry out research or statistical analysis;
operating MatchCraft and improving products or Services that we offer; and
other purposes related to any of the above.
3.2 MatchCraft may also contact you about your registration details, to manage any account or subscription you have with us, or to provide customer service, even if you have opted-out of or declined to consent to receiving promotional emails. We may also contact you if we consider that revisions to this privacy policy are sufficiently important to notify you about them.
3.3 MatchCraft also may use location data, IP address or device identification number, and other information from and about devices, browsers, operating systems, manners of connecting to the internet, internet service providers or wireless carriers, or other information related to use of the Services or the Websites in de-personalized form to improve our products and Services and occasionally for other internal purposes.
4. Do we share personal information with anyone else?
4.1 We may share personal information with any member of our group, which means our affiliates, subsidiaries, our ultimate parent company and its subsidiaries and affiliates.
4.2 We will share personal information collected through the Services about people who have clicked on a merchant’s advertisement with that merchant and the reseller who sold the advertisement to the merchant. Personal information about responses to an advertisement will not be provided to other merchants or resellers. Our reseller clients will also receive aggregated information about responses to advertisements provided through the Services but will not receive any personal information. .
4.3 We may disclose personal information to our vendors and service providers who supply services on behalf of MatchCraft and who need to process personal information in the provision of such services. When you request goods and services from MatchCraft, you are consenting to the disclosure of your personal information to such vendors and service providers. We also may disclose personal information to any agents or contractors that we use to help operate MatchCraft. Their use of personal information is limited as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
4.4 We may disclose personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell, buy, or reorganize any business or assets, in which case we may disclose personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If all or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us may be one of the transferred assets.
4.5 We may disclose depersonalised information (such as aggregated statistics) about the users of our Websites or Services in order to describe our sales, customers, traffic patterns and other Website or Services information to prospective clients, investors and other third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
4.6 Under certain circumstances we may occasionally be required by law, subpoena, court order or governmental authority to disclose certain types of personal information and we reserve the right to comply with any such request. For example, we may be required by law to provide information to a law enforcement agency, regulatory agency, court, or other public authority. Additionally, we reserve the right to disclose personal information to defend ourselves legally or to protect or defend the rights or property of MatchCraft or users of our Services.
5. Are there any age restrictions on supplying personal information to us?
The Websites and Services are intended for a general audience and are not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17, inclusive, must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before providing personal information to MatchCraft. Minors without this permission are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
6. How long will we keep personal information?
We will hold personal information on our systems only for as long as is necessary for legitimate business purposes or for as long as required by law.
7. Choices about receiving marketing messages.
We give you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information collected through our Websites. When you register on one of our Websites or respond to one of our communications or offers, we may ask you to make choices about receiving further marketing communications from us. In addition, should you wish to stop receiving marketing communications directly from us, you will be able to unsubscribe or opt-out, or you can contact us and we will make the changes for you. Our contact details are at the end of this privacy policy. Please remember to include your full name and email address in order that we may make the changes that you request. To opt out of communications provided by third parties, you may need to opt out or change your privacy settings with the third party. For example, if you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us through your social media account, you can modify your privacy settings for your social media account to change or limit the information shared.
8. Cookies and Do Not Track.
8.1 “Cookies” are pieces of information that a website transfers to your hard drive to store and sometimes track information about you. “First Party Cookies” are cookies that we set, or our service providers set on our behalf, to collect information through the Websites for MatchCraft’s use. “Third Party Cookies” are cookies that are set by third parties to collect information through the Websites for such third party’s use. We do not always have control or influence over third parties that may serve cookies through the Websites.
8.2 Our Websites use two main types of cookies:
Per-session cookies. We only use these during a single browsing session and they are deleted when you close your browser. They remember you as you move between pages. They also help maintain security.
Persistent cookies. These cookies stay on your device until they expire or are deleted.
8.3 Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that. You are not obliged to accept cookies and you can adjust your browser’s setting to prevent it from accepting cookies on your device – go to www.allaboutcookies.org for instructions on how to disable cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our Websites if you do so.
8.4 First Party Cookies
a. We may collect information about your device using first party cookies, including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type for system administration.
b. Our Websites may also use first party cookies, for example, to:
Gather customer journey information across our Websites and fulfil your requests;
Provide privacy protection when you visit our Websites;
Store details of your marketing preferences to improve and enhance your visit to our Websites;
Evaluate our Websites’ advertising and promotional effectiveness;
Detect if a service has already been offered to you so that we don’t ask you again.
8.5 Third Party Cookies
Ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors, traffic measurement services, and other third parties may set cookies through the Websites and access your device if you choose to have cookies enabled in your browser or they may otherwise have access to non-personal information. These third party cookies are set to, among other things, help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in, to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you. Note that any images (or any other parts of a web page) served by third parties in association with third party cookies may serve as web beacons, which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities. Third party cookies and web beacons are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one, and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith. If you do not want the services that third party cookies provide, you may be able to opt-out by visiting http://youronlinechoices.eu, http://www.aboutads.info, and/or http://www.networkadvertising.org.
8.6 Do Not Track
As discussed above, you may opt out of third party cookies at any time. However, we do not currently support any browser based Do Not Track (DNT) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks, and we do not assign any meaning to any potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our data collection or use practices in response to such signals.
9. Social Media
9.1 We may integrate our Services with social networking sites, such as Facebook. We also work with application developers who specialize in social media, so that we can connect with your social networks. And we use a social media aggregator service to, for example, pull in all social media posts with the hashtag #matchcraft. We provide access to our Services and Websites to these third parties so that we can generate interest in our products and services among members of your social networks and to allow you to share product and service interests with friends in your network.
9.2 We do not control how your personal information is collected, stored or used by such third party sites or to whom it is disclosed. You should review the privacy policies and settings on any social networking site that you subscribe to so that you understand the information they may be sharing. If you do not want your networking sites to share information about you, you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt-out of sharing such information. MatchCraft is not responsible for how these third party sites may use information collected from or about you.
10. Other websites
10.1 This privacy policy applies only to our Services and Websites. There are links on our Websites to third party websites over which MatchCraft has no control and when you click on advertisements or links you will leave our Websites and go to another site and thereafter it is that third party’s site whose privacy policy will apply. A third party’s privacy practices may differ from MatchCraft’s privacy practices.
10.2 MatchCraft accepts no responsibility or liability for any third party practices on third party websites. MatchCraft advises you to carefully read third party privacy statements prior to the use of any third party website.
11. Your California Privacy Rights – Shine the Light
California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code section 1798.83, gives California customers the right to prevent our disclosure of their personal information to third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business’ practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. We have such a policy in place. To make such a request, please contact us in the manner described in Section 14 below.
12. Access to personal information and keeping your personal information accurate and up-to-date.
12.1 If you have any questions or concerns regarding MatchCraft’s collection, use or disclosure of your personal information or if you wish to access, correct, or delete the personal information held by us, you should contact us in writing using the information provided below. As may be provided under applicable law, we will provide you with copies of your personal information; provided that we will require a nominal administration charge for: (i) individuals located inside the European Economic Area (EEA) who request multiple copies; and (ii) all individuals located outside the EEA. We are also obliged to request that you provide us with identification so that we can be certain that you are entitled to receive the requested data.
12.2 Please help us to keep our records of your personal information accurate and up-to-date. If you believe any information we’re holding about you is inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated, please contact us using the information below so that we may work with you to correct it.
13. Additional Privacy Rights of European Union individuals under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
13.1 MatchCraft processes personal information in the manner described in this privacy policy: (i) with your consent, (ii) as necessary to perform our agreements to provide Services, and/or (iii) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the Websites and Services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights.
13.2 MatchCraft adheres to the General Data Protection Regulation. If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, you are entitled to the following rights once the GDPR becomes effective:
(i) The right to request data erasure. You have the right to have your personal information erased from our Websites or Services if the personal information is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, you withdraw consent and no other legal basis for processing exists, or you believe your fundamental rights to data privacy and protection outweigh our legitimate interest in continuing the processing.
(ii) The right to restrict or object to our processing. You have the right to restrict or object to our processing if we are processing your personal information based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest as an exercise of official authority (including profiling); using your personal information for direct marketing (including profiling); or processing your personal information for purposes of scientific or historical research and statistics.
13.3 MatchCraft acknowledges the right of EU individuals to access their personal data. MatchCraft clients are responsible for providing individuals with access to their Personal Information and allowing individuals to correct, amend and delete their information, as required by applicable law. MatchCraft requires its clients to maintain appropriate procedures for handling individuals’ requests to access, correct or delete their Personal Information, in accordance with applicable law. To exercise these rights, individuals should contact the appropriate MatchCraft client that transferred their personal information to MatchCraft. MatchCraft will cooperate fully with its clients in responding to any such request. In the event a request is made directly to MatchCraft, clients are required to cooperate with MatchCraft in promptly addressing such requests.
13.4 MatchCraft may be required to release the personal data of EU individuals in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
13.5 In compliance with data subjects’ rights under the General Data Protection Regulation, MatchCraft commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact MatchCraft via email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or write to us at:
Privacy Policy InquiriesMatchCraft, BVBV.Hofplein 203032 AC Rotterdam, The Netherlands
14. Special Information for Nevada Residents
14.1 Residents of the State of Nevada have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain pieces of their information to other companies who will sell or license their information to others. At this time, we do not engage in such sales. If you are a Nevada resident and would like more information about our data sharing practices, please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
15. Your California Privacy Rights – California Consumer Privacy Act
15.0.1 The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of information about them (referred to as “Personal Information”), as well as rights to know/access, delete, and limit sharing of Personal Information. You have the right to be free from discrimination based on your exercise of your CCPA rights.
15.0.2   To the extent that we collect Personal Information that is subject to the CCPA, that information, our practices, and your rights are described below.
15.1     Notice at Collection Regarding the Categories of Personal Information Collected
15.1.1   You have the right to receive notice of the categories of Personal Information we collect, and the purposes for which we use Personal Information. The categories we use below to describe Personal Information are those enumerated in the CCPA and correspond to the specific types of information described in “What personal information do we collect?” above.  We collect this Personal Information for the purposes described in “How do we use your personal information?” above.
Personal Identifiers
Commercial Information
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Geolocation Data
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Professional or employment-related information
Education information
15.2     Right to Know About Sources of Personal Information and Personal Information Disclosed or Sold
15.2.1   You have the right to know about the Personal Information that we disclose for business purposes or sell to third parties, and the categories of sources of that information.
15.2.2   During the preceding 12 months, we have collected from the following categories of sources and disclosed for business purposes and/or sold the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of recipients:
Personal Information
Disclosed
Sold
Sources
Recipients
Personal Identifiers
No
No
MatchCraft clients
N/A
Commercial Information
Yes
No
MatchCraft clients
Service providers
Geolocation Information
Yes
No
Consumers (via clicking on an ad link)
Service providers
Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information
Yes
No
Consumers (via clicking on an ad link)
Service providers
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information
Yes
No
Consumers (via clicking on an ad link)
Service providers
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Yes
No
Job applicants to MatchCraft
Service providers
Education Information
Yes
No
Job applicants to MatchCraft
Service providers
15.2.3   Entities to whom we disclose information for business purposes are service providers, which are companies that we engage to conduct activities on our behalf. Service providers are restricted from using Personal Information for any purpose that is not related to our engagement.
15.2.4   MatchCraft operates under a contract with its clients that requires MatchCraft to collect, use, and disclose the Personal Information only for its clients’ purposes. Although MatchCraft collects Personal Information on behalf of its clients, MatchCraft only discloses aggregated statistics to clients about their advertising campaigns.
15.2.5   We do not sell Personal Information to third parties. (Under the CCPA, a business “sells” Personal Information when it discloses it to a company for monetary or other benefit. A company may be considered a third party either because the purpose for its sharing of Personal Information is not for an enumerated business purpose under California law, or because its contract does not restrict it from using Personal Information for other purposes.)
15.3     Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information to Third Parties
15.3.1   You have the right to opt out of any sale of your Personal Information by us to third parties. However, we do not sell Personal Information to third parties. Please note that your right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of Personal Information with service providers.
15.3.2   We may also disclose information to other entities who are not listed here when required by law or to protect MatchCraft or other persons, as described in “Do we share personal information with anyone else?” above.
15.4     Right to Know and Request Access to and Deletion of Personal Information
15.4.1   You have the right to request access to Personal Information collected about you and information regarding the source of that Personal Information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with whom we share it. You also have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete Personal Information that we have collected directly from you. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to comply with your request, or why we may comply with it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response.
15.4.2   How to Submit an Access or Deletion Request
15.4.3   You may submit a request to exercise your rights to know/access or delete your Personal Information by contacting us using the email or postal address in “How to contact us” below.
15.4.4   You may authorize another individual or a business registered with the California Secretary of State, called an authorized agent, to make requests on your behalf through these means.
15.5     Verification Procedures
15.5.1   In order to process your request to know/access or delete Personal Information, we must verify your request. We verify your identity by asking you to provide personal identifiers we can match against information we may have collected from you previously and confirm your request using the email or telephone account stated in the request.
15.5.2   We will not use Personal Information we collect in connection with verifying or responding to your request for any purpose other than responding to your request.
15.6     Notice Regarding Participation in Data Collection or Sharing for Financial Incentives
15.6.1   We do not offer any financial incentives to consumers.
15.7     Special Information for Job Applicants
15.7.1   When you apply for a job with MatchCraft, we collect certain information about you as outlined in this Policy. Information may be collected about you in multiple ways: you may provide it to us in connection with your application; we may make observations in the application process or collect information from public information sources; or you may authorize us to collect information from other sources, such as a former employer or reference. In certain circumstances, you may submit your application for employment through a third-party service that displays our job posting. We do not control the privacy practices of these third-party services. Please review their privacy policies carefully prior to submitting your application materials.
16. How to contact us.
If you do not understand or accept this privacy policy or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to your personal information then please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or write to us at:
Privacy Policy InquiriesMatchCraft, LLC2701 Ocean Park Blvd., Suite 220Santa Monica, CA 90405
As discussed above in Section 11, you may opt-out of having your personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or phone number shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. If you wish to exercise this right, please contact us as described above and state which of these items you wish to opt-out of sharing with third parties.
MatchCraft
CONTACT US Email: info@matchcraft.com Toll Free: +1 888 502-7238
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
US HEADQUARTERS 2701 Ocean Park Blvd, Suite 220Santa Monica, CA 90405 USA+1 310 314-3320
EUROPEAN HEADQUARTERSBV.Hofplein 203032 AC Rotterdam, The Netherlands+31 10 3100 881
BRAZILIAN HEADQUARTERS R Boa Vista 254 13 Andar, Conjunto 5 Sao Paulo 01014-000
OUR COMPANY Our Solutions Knowledge Center Meet Us Succeed with Us Schedule a Demo
OUR SOLUTIONS AdVantage AdVisor Search Display Remarketing Social Auto Shopping Multi-Tiered Support
OUR SUPPORT Schedule a Demo Privacy Policy
MatchCraft values your privacy. By using this website you consent to our use of cookies.    Learn More    OK