http://www.manufacturers.com.tw/help/privacy-policy.htm
Suppliers
Agriculture & Food Products
Animal & Pet Products
Automobile & Auto Parts
Bags & Luggages
Beauty & Health
Bicycles Parts & Accessories
Business Services
Chemicals & Related Products
Clothing & Fashion Accessories
Computer & PC Peripheral
Construction & Building Materials
Consumer Electronics
Die & Mold
Electronic Components
Environmental Products & Equip.
Furniture Manufacturers
Gift & Promotional Items
Hardware Products
Home, Industrial & Tools
Hydraulic & Pneumatic Parts
More Categories ...
Industrial Supply
Kitchenware & Household Goods
Lights & Lighting
Musical Instruments
Office Supplies & Stationery
Optical & Photography Equipment
Outdoor, Leisure & Sporting Goods
Packaging Materials & Equipment
Plumbing Manufacturers
Printing & Publishing Products
Security, Safety Products
Shoes & Shoe Materials
Taiwan Machinery Manufacturers
Telecommunication Equipments
Textile Manufacturers
Toy Manufacturers
Watches, Clocks & Timepieces
Wood, Paper & Pulp Products
Tradeleads
Post Trade Leads
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Tradeshow
Taiwan Show
Featured Trade Shows
Industry Bulletin
Trade Shows News
Online Trade Shows
Post
Inquiry Basket
Sign In
Suppliers
Products
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Home > Help > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
G.T. takes reasonable precautions to protect your personal information. This Privacy Statement describes how your personal information is collected, used, shared and safeguarded by G.T. G.T. protects personal information provided by you through the use of this website. G.T. uses SSL encryption to protect the collection and transfer of sensitive information. G.T. is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-G.T. web sites linked to this site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these other web sites when you leave our Web site.
G.T. collects personal information from you to provide requested services and enhance your customer experience. We may supplement the information collected from you with information that is available from publicly available third party sources. G.T. is the sole owner of the information collected on this website, and will not sell, share, or rent your personal information in ways different from what is disclosed in this privacy statement. G.T. also uses third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit this Web site. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services of interest. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third party advertisers may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. G.T. has no control over third-party cookies.
G.T. does share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers, in ways that do not directly identify you. G.T. uses outside companies to send mail and ship orders, and process credit card purchases. These companies do not retain, share, store or use your personal information for any other purpose. If you sign up for a G.T. service provided by a third party under contract with us, we will share your name and the minimum information necessary for the third party to provide these services. Manufacture.com.tw additionally will display aggregated portfolio information on the site at no time will we share or display individual portfolio information.
You will be given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having your information used for purposes not directly related to this site at the point where we ask for your information, and you will be notified if your information will be used by outside parties. You may contact us to correct or update your personal data. If we change our privacy policy, we will revise our Privacy Statement as your notice. If we intend to use your personal information in a manner different from that which was stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you. You will then have a choice as to whether or not we use your information for this new purpose.
G.T. Internet Information Co., Ltd.
Address : 17F., No. 241, Sec. 3, Wunsin Rd., Situn Dist., Taichung City 407, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
TEL : +886-4-2296-6999 / Fax : +886-4-2296-0605
Skype :
Download
Service Hour : 8:30 AM ~ 12:00 AM, 1:00 PM ~ 5:30 PM
Current Time :
(Taipei Time Zone GMT +8)
How to Buy
Find Suppliers
Find Selling Leads
Post Buying Leads
How to Sell
Find Buying Leads
Post Selling Leads
Help
How to Use My BMS
Search Tips
Trade Resources
Global Stock
World Trade Centers
Exhibition Information
Tradeshow Calendar
Terms & Conditions
Copyright & Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Our Services
Advertise
Help
My BMS
Post Trade Leads
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Suppliers
Trade Show
Site Map
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2017, G.T. Internet Information Co.,Ltd. All Rights Reserved.