http://www.superseva.com/privacy-policy-for-icici-startup-concierge-powered-by-superseva/
Skip to content
HomePrivacy Policy for ICICI Startup Concierge Powered By SuperSeva
Our Policy
Welcome to ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva. This Site has
been created to provide information about ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By
SuperSeva and its services, whether accessible to you via web, mobile
app/website or other platform (our services, together with the Site, are the
“Services”) by visitors and users of the Services.
This Privacy Policy sets out ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By
SuperSeva policy with respect to information, including in particular
information which identifies you personally and other information that is
collected from visitors and users of the Services.
Please read this privacy policy carefully so that you understand how we will treat your information. By using any of our Services, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use any of the Services. If you have any queries, please email us at icicistartup@superseva.com
Who we are:
We are a Bangalore based company solving the complexity of government
office work.
Information We
Collect:
When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect Personal
Data and other information from you, as further described below:
Personal Data That You Provide Through the Services: We collect Personal
Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you
contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access
to the Services or use certain Services, which typically includes your:
Name;
Telephone Number
Email Address
Home Address
Information about your home which you give us
Your payment details
Your IP address and
Any other personal information which you give us in connection with the
Services.
Wherever ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva collects Personal
Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to
our use of it in connection with the Services and in accordance with this
Privacy Policy.
Non-Identifiable
Data:
When you interact with “ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva”
through the Services, we receive and store certain information which does not
identify you personally. Such information is collected passively using various
technologies. This includes:
Technical or other details about any device which you use to access the
Services, including: Internet and/or network connection; your Media Access
Control (MAC); any device Unique Device Identifier (UDID) or equivalent; your
operating system, browser type or other software; your hardware or mobile
device details (including your mobile device type and number and mobile carrier
details), if applicable; or other technical details. This is technical data
about our users and their actions and patterns, which we do not believe
identifies any individual.
Details of your use of our Services including, but not limited to:
metrics information about when and how you use the Services; traffic data; and
your geographical location data.
ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva may store such information
itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by
ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva affiliates, agents or service
providers. The Services may use such information and pool it with other
information on an anonymised and generalised basis to track, for example, the
total number of users of our Services, the number of visitors to each page of
our Site and the domain names of our visitors Internet service providers. It is
important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.
Our Use of Your Personal Data and
Other Information:
By providing us with the information about you discussed above, you
consent for us to use that information in the following ways:
(1) To implement and monitor any ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By
SuperSeva inquiry/request/bookings which you make using our Services.
(2) To share your Personal Data with ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By
SuperSeva professionals in order to carry out your ICICI Startup Conceirge
Powered By SuperSeva bookings using our Services.
(3) To ensure that content from our Services is presented in the most
effective manner for you and for your computer or other device from which you
access the Services.
(4) To provide you with information, products or services that you
request from us or which we feel may interest you.
(5) To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you
and us.
(6) To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services,
when you choose to do so.
(7) To notify you about changes to our Services.
(8) To improve or modify the Services, for example based on how you use
our Services.
(9) To calculate conversion rates and other elements of Services
performance.
(10) For marketing purposes (which we discuss further below).
(11) ADDITIONAL POLICIES
You are allowing ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva to assist
you on Government related jobs like:-
Regional Transport Office
Passport
PanCard
Visa
Marriage certificate, Birth Certificate, Khata Transfer…etc
Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data
and Other Information:
ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva is not in the business of
selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of
our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which
we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties, as set out below:
LifeStyle Services: We may share your Personal Data with service
providers as necessary for them to provide their services to you.
Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or
buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger,
reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the
transferred assets.
Related Companies: We may also share your Personal Data with the
ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva Related Companies if we need to do
so to fulfill this Privacy Policy.
Agents, Consultants, and Related Third Parties: ICICI Startup
Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva, like many businesses, sometimes hires other
companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such
functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing
payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature,
we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their
specific function and under the same standards and protections as in this
privacy policy.
Legal Requirements: ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva
may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good
faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal
obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of ICICI Startup
Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect
against legal liability.
Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better
understand and serve the users of the Services, ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered
By SuperSeva conducts research on its user demographics, interests and behavior
based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research
will be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and ICICI Startup
Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva may share this aggregate data with its
affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not
identify you personally. ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva may also
disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Services to
current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other
lawful purposes in fulfillment of this privacy policy.
Marketing and advertising: ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered
By SuperSeva and its affiliates may use Personal Data to contact you in the
future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we
do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you
to “opt-out” of receiving future communications. In addition, if at any time
you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name
deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.
We do not disclose personal information about identifiable individuals
to advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate and/or anonymised
information about our users to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they
want to target. We may make use of the information we have collected from you
to enable us to comply with our advertisers wishes by displaying their
advertisement to that target audience.
Your Choices:
You can visit ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva without
providing any Personal Data. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data,
you may not be able to use certain ICICI Startup
Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva Services.
Links to Other Web Sites:
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may
contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by ICICI Startup
Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and
procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links
from the Services do not imply that ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By
SuperSeva endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting
those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
Security:
ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva takes reasonable steps to
protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and
unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no
Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free; any
transmission is at your own risk. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the
Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding
what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when
disclosing any Personal Data to ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva
via the Internet. Once we have received your information, we will use strict
procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Registered ICICI Startup Conceirge Powered By SuperSeva users will have
an account name and password which enables you to access certain parts of our
Services. You are responsible for keeping them confidential. Please don’t share
them with anyone.