http://www.spyzone.com/ccp0-display/privacy.html
Order Desk:
1-888-348-2366
Username:
Password:
Forgot Your Passsword?
Items In Cart: 0
|
Total: $0.00
Categories
Bug Detection Electronic Countermeasures
Computer Security
Audio Recorders
Phone Recorders
GPS Tracking Systems
Radio Communications
FiberScopes
Cool Gadgets - Gifts
Beyond Spyzone
RF Jammers
Cellular Jammers
Armored Cars Armored Vehicles
Listening Devices
Lie Detectors
Bomb Detectors EOD Solutions
Contraband Detection EOD
Defeat & Jamming Systems
Encryption & Voice Privacy
Phone Security
Voice Loggers
Industry Links
Customer Service
Home
Store Policies
Terms of Use
Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Make A Payment
Privacy Policy
The following Privacy Policy details make reference to "we" , "us", "our", and these are all references to the company that manages and operates this website spyzone.com and that company is Starnoise, Inc.
We attest that we keep confidential all personal information you provide, such as your name, address, e-mail address, occupation, and all other details which you may furnish.
Such information will not be shared with third parties, but used simply to help us offer products and services in which you are interested. We are aware of our responsibility to closely supervise the sale of security and surveillance equipment.
Please read these terms and all of the information described carefully before using this website, http://www.spyzone.com.
Using this website indicates that you accept the terms stated and understand this information.
Do not use this website if you do not accept the terms stated
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information, like their name and email
address, and unique identifiers.
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send
the user information about our company.
The customer's contact information is also used to contact the
visitor when necessary if they have subscribed to the mail list.
Users may opt-out of receiving future
mailings by choosing to un-subscribe.
Unique identifiers are collected to verify the user's identity
and for use in our record system.
We aim to protect the privacy of those who visit our website. The following discloses our privacy practices with regard to information you (the reader coming to the webpages on this site) encounter via any of our websites knowingly or unknowingly.
1. Information we collect:
(a) Personal Information or "Personal Information" is considered as information that personally identifies you.
Personal Information that Starnoise includes your name, email address, mailing address and telephone number or cellular phone number. You may provide Personal Information to us in order to apply for access to the restricted sections of our websites, or when using certain features of our websites.
Non Identifiable Information or "Non-Identifiable Information" is information that cannot be associated with or traced back to a specific person.
For example, Non-Identifiable Information may include details about your visit to our websites, your Internet Protocol address, the operating system you are using while viewing our websites, the web browser software your systems is using, or the domain from which you accessed the Internet. We may collect Non-Identifiable Information from time to time in order to help our webmasters diagnose problems and administer our websites.
(b) Cookies or "Cookies" are computer files that are transferred to your computer hard drive. They are used to record your login information and may also record the history of the different webpages you have traveled to.
This helps our webmasters to understand more about how users view the content on our websites.
You may prevent cookies from being enacted via your web browser but this may limit your abilities in navigating our websites.
2. Affiliates, Partners, and Advertisers
Our websites may contain links to other websites via our resource webpages, partner companies, and alternate links.
Any of the aforementioned links may take you to other web sites that may or may not collect Personal Information about you. Our Privacy Policy does not extend to the data collection practices of third parties and we does not assume any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices, policies or actions of third parties.
3. Disclosure and / or Use of Your Personal Information
In order to respond to your requests, customize our website features, increase our services, update content, conducting transactions, keep warranty and purchasing information up to date, and communicate important announcements with you, we collect your personal information.
4.
No Sharing Policy
We do not share your Personal Information with nonaffiliated companies or websites except as may be required by law.
If we plan to disclose your Personal Information for any purpose other than those stated, you may be contacted first in order to get your permission.
5. Disclosure and Use of Non-Identifiable Information
We use Non-Identifiable Information to evaluate how effective our websites are regarding their content and the traffic they receive.
Non-Identifiable Information that accumulates in our databases or our webmasters' databases is used to calculate statistical data of people visiting our websites.
The behavior of those that visit the sites is analyzed to understand people's interest, disinterest, and this helps us improve overall website design and performance.
We may disclose collected demographic information to third parties. However, your Personal Information will not be disclosed; only Non-Identifiable Information may or may not be provided to nonaffiliated third parties.
6. Security
In order to manage the confidentiality of your Personal Information, we takes measures concerning Access.
Access to your information originates within the our webmaster and web design departments, and stays there.
Any information that is released from these departments reflects the approval of release to our management and our marketing divisions.
7. Personal Information Access / Updates
You are allowed to access, change, and update all of your Personal Information collected by us.
To help us keep current Personal Information, you are encouraged to change inaccuracies and make updates as often as necessary. To access and change your Personal Information, simply send an email to the contact details found at the end of this Privacy Policy.
8. Opting Out
Should you not want to receive updated information from us, you may request that you be removed from our database of information updates and efforts will be made to do such.
9. Updating this Policy
In the event that we update any of our policies, you may always refer to any of the our websites for current policy practices.
10. Contacting us for Questions, Comments, or Complaints
In the event that you have a question, comment, or complaint regarding our Privacy Policy, you may contact us via email at:
info at spyzone dot com.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the
information under our control.
All data is protected using the most advanced methods available.
We do
not store financial information like credit card numbers or personal information like social security
numbers on this site.
Un-Subscribe
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not
receive future communications or to no longer receive mail list messages.
Send an email to us by visiting the
Contact Page.
Login and choose to Manage
Subscriptions.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
Send an email to us by visiting the
Contact Page.
© 2020 Starnoise - Gcom . All rights reserved
worldwide.
Software:
Kryptronic Hybrid X Core (KHXC)
Copyright:
1999-2020 Kryptronic, Inc.
Author:
Nick Hendler, webmaster@kryptronic.com
Exec Time:
0.037418 Seconds
Memory Usage: 4.329727 Megabytes
Kryptronic Software