https://www.balloonagencies.com.au/privacy_policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This following information sets forth the Privacy Policy for the BA Party Supplies website, www.balloonagencies.com.au
BA Party Supplies is committed to providing you with the best possible customer service experience. We are bound by the Privacy Act 1988, which sets out a number of principles concerning the privacy of individuals.
Collection of your personal information
There are many aspects of the site which can be viewed without providing personal information, however, for access to BA Party Supplies customer support features and confidential wholesale information you are required to submit personally identifiable information. This may include but not limited to a unique username and password, or provide sensitive information in the recovery of your lost password.
Sharing of your personal information
We may occasionally engage other companies, agents or distributors to provide services on our behalf, including but not limited to handling customer support enquiries, processing transactions or customer freight shipping. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. BA Party Supplies takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
Use of your personal information
For each visitor to reach the site, we expressively collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the Site, page access times and referring website address. This collected information is used internally for the sole purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalised content to you while you are at this Site.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only, data collected from the time of the policy change forward will adhere to our updated practices.
Any email address given can be used for remarketing purposes including contacting you for reviews of your product and informing you about products, sales and promotions that may be of interest to you. Should you wish to be removed from our mailing list, please email us at sales@balloonagencies.com.au with "Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
BA Party Supplies reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should reconsider accessing or using the Site.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons.
Contacting Us
BA Party Supplies welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information, please contact us by any of the following means during our business hours:
Call: 1300 227 789 [1300 BAPRTY]
E-mail: sales@balloonagencies.com.au
Follow us on...
x
OK
x
Save Order
Cancel
OK
x
Please select your order type from the below options.
Eaches
Inners
x
Please select from the below vendor.