http://www.farmplan.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Use of cookies by Farmplan
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
farmplan.co.uk  requires cookies in order to operate fully. We also work with advertisers who place cookies on your computer to serve and target adverts more effectively when you visit the site.
Most web browsers allow some control of cookies through browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Further information about the cookies used by Farmplan is provided below.
Cookies used by farmplan.co.uk
The following cookie categories are based on the classification presented in The International Chambers of Commerce (ICC) Cookie Guide
Category 1: Strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are strictly necessary to provide services that you have requested.
Category 1 Cookies used by farmplan.co.uk
Login status
To identify you as being logged in to our website.
Load Balancing
Cookies may be used to distribute load across our web servers – to ensure our websites perform well and give you the best possible experience.
Shopping Basket
Shopping Basket cookies remember what is in your shopping basket.
User Subscription Data
Subscription cookies allow us to ensure that you can access resources which you have registered or paid for.
Category 2: Performance cookies. These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often.  The information collected by these cookies is aggregated, so these cookies don’t collect information that identifies individual visitors. The information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve the way our website works.
Category 2 Cookies used by farmplan.co.uk:
Web Analytics
Web Analytics cookies are used to improve the design and user experience of our website by providing statistics on site usage and pages visited.
Omniture
Google Web Analytics
Category 3: Functionality cookies. These cookies allow us to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more relevant features.
Category 3 Cookies used by farmplan.co.uk:
User Preferences
Preference cookies remember settings you’ve applied to this site such as Layout, Default views, Search filters, Number of Search results per page, Video bandwidth etc..
Optimizing User Experience
Remembering online demos viewed during a session so you don’t need to re-enter your data. Pre-populating forms when you want to view other online demos within the same user session to save you re-keying your details.
Login Information
Login cookies may be used to communicate your login details across pages of this website.  This data is encrypted and not shared with third parties.
User Profile Data
Email addresses, Address and Contact Information.  This is not shared with third parties.
Campaign Tracking
Campaign Tracking cookies are used to monitor how effective adverts, promotions and e-newsletters are. Farmplan tracks its own campaigns through:
Doubleclick (Google)
Adtech
Eloqua
You may choose to decline these cookies by visiting the following sites.
Google advertising opt-out page
Adtech opt-out page
If you would like to block cookies being set by third party networks you may do so through the preference settings on your browser.
Google Analytics
“This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Google Adwords
Third party vendors, including Google, may use cookies to serve ads on websites based on your prior visits to the Farmplan website. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page (http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).