https://www.liam.org.my/privacy_policy/
Follow us on social media
liaminfo@liam.org.my
Toggle navigation
Home
Mission & Vision
Management Committee
LIAM Presidents
LIAM Local Chapters
LIAM Sarawak Liaison Committee
LIAM Sabah Liaison Committee
Contact Us
LIAM Members
Companies
Branch Location Map
Customer Zone
#BUKANEXTRA
Consumer Education Programmes
Consumer Education Series
Perlindungan Tenang
Know Your Agent
Customer Service Guide
Customer Service Charter
Complaint Avenues
News / Gallery
LIAM In The News
English
Bahasa Melayu
Chinese
Press Statements
Events / Gallery
LIAM Videos
Library
Reports
Annual Report
Protection Gap
Guidelines
Code of Ethics & Conduct
CPD Programme
Replacement of Policies
Statistics
Performance of Investment-linked Funds
Industry Performance
Community
Insurans Hayat Cares
FINCO
Youth Engagement Programmes
Career
LIAM Structured Internship Programme
Career opportunities
Privacy Policy
This page explains our privacy policies which include the use and protection of information submitted by visitors. If you make a transaction or send an e-mail containing personal information, this information may be shared with other parties to serve you in a more efficient and effective manner. For example, in resolving a complaint that requires feedback from other parties.
Information Collected
No personally identifiable information is gathered during the browsing of this website except for information given by you via e-mail.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other third-party websites. We are in no way responsible for the contents and personal data policies of such third-party websites.
Amendment Policy
In the event the privacy policy is revised, the amendments will be updated on this page. You will be updated with; the type of information that was collected; how it is to be used and under what circumstances, and how information is to be shared with other parties.
Queries on Personal Data
If you have any questions or feedback relating to personal data, you may contact us at: liaminfo@liam.org.my
Copyright © LIAM © 2020. All Rights Reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us