http://www.bcbsm.com/index/health-insurance-help/faqs/topics/other-topics/no-fault-changes.html?spiff=nofaultauto&location=Homepage-3
Frequently Asked Questions
Plan Documents and Forms
Calculators and Tools
Contact Us
Walk-in Centers
Browse by Topic
How Health Insurance Works
Buying Health Insurance
Understanding My Benefits
Getting Care
Managing My Account
Claims
Health Care Reform
Other Topics
Browse by Plan Type
HMO / Blue Care Network
Dental
Pharmacy
Health Spending Accounts
Physician Choice PPO
HelpFrequently Asked QuestionsTopicsOther Topics
What do I need to know about the changes to Michigan's no-fault auto insurance law?
Who is this for?
This is for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan members who want details about Michigan’s new no-fault auto insurance law that goes into effect on July 1, 2020.
Are you looking for the form that coordinates your auto and medical insurance after an accident? You can find what you’ll need on our subrogation page.
What has changed and how does it affect me?
The new Michigan no-fault auto insurance law means that residents are no longer required to buy unlimited personal injury protection, or PIP, with their auto insurance.
You’ll have the option of choosing from different levels of personal injury protection coverage. What you choose is important because PIP covers more than medical expenses – it includes things like attendant care, housing modifications and lost wages due to an accident.
Note: The no-fault auto insurance law is not a health insurance law, therefore, you should discuss PIP coverage or other auto coverage with your auto insurer or agent.
What type of information could my auto insurer request?
A letter showing proof that you meet the requirements for qualified health coverage or QHC may be asked for by your auto insurer. They may also request a coordination of benefits letter that shows how your health insurance and auto insurance work together to pay auto accident claims.
How can I get a QHC letter?
There are several ways you can request a QHC letter.
You can log in to your online member account to see if you have a QHC letter to download. Once logged in, navigate to the QHC letter in the Proof of Insurance section at the bottom of the page.
You can call the number on the back of your member ID card.
If you don't see a QHC letter online or are unable to get one through calling the number on the back of your card, you can reach out to your employer to request the letter.
Log in now
What if I have an accident in another state?
If you’re involved in a car accident outside Michigan, your Blue Cross coverage remains unchanged. Claims are processed according to your benefits and the laws in effect in the state where you reside. If you’re injured by a driver in an at-fault state, reimbursement is pursued from the at-fault driver’s auto insurance provider.
Where can I get more information?
Your auto insurer can help if you have questions about how the changes to the no-fault auto law affect your auto coverage.
The Department of Insurance and Financial Services (DIFS) can also help answer your questions.
Website: www.michigan.gov/autoinsurance
Phone: 1-833-ASK-DIFS (275-3437)
Email: autoinsurance@michigan.gov
Related Items
How Michigan's no-fault auto insurance law affects Medicare members
Was this content helpful?
Give Feedback
Contact Us
Need help finding the right phone number?
Looking for insurance
PPO members
HMO / Blue Care Network members
Medicare members