https://www.lindseyteak.com/terms-conditions
Designer & Manufacturer of Teak Garden & Contemporary All-Weather Rattan Contract Furniture +44 (0) 208 655 6241
FAQ
About Us
Company Profile
Contact Us
Coronavirus Information
Home
Benches
All Benches
Granite Benches
Backless Benches
Banana Benches
Companion Benches
Corner Benches
Curved Benches
Memorial Benches
Picnic Benches
Tree Seats
Tables
All Tables
Coffee/Occasional Tables
Dining Tables
Drop Leaf Tables
Extending Tables
Fixed Tables
Folding Tables
Chairs
All Chairs
Armchairs
Folding Chairs
Dining Chairs
Plantation Chairs
Rocking Chairs
Stacking Chairs
Reclining Chairs
Adirondack Chairs
Dining Sets
All Dining Sets
Extending Dining Sets
Fixed Dining Sets
Folding Dining Sets
Sun Loungers
All Sun Loungers
Day Beds
Padded Sun Loungers
Parasols
All parasols
Hexagonal Parasols
Octagonal Parasols
Rectangular Parasols
Square Parasols
Parasol Bases
Rattan
All Rattan
Rattan Chairs
Rattan Sun Loungers
Rattan Tables
Indoor
All Indoor
Indoor Benches
Indoor Chairs
Indoor Tables
Indoor Dining Sets
Indoor Loungers
Indoor Sofa
Indoor Daybeds
Cushions
Accessories
All Accessories
Garden Accessories
Garden Planters
Teak Care Products
Ornaments
Register | Sign In
Search for:
My Quote List 0
Terms & Conditions
Terms & ConditionsJenni2019-04-26T12:54:24+00:00
Intellectual Title
The content of our website including without limitation all information, software, data, text, photographs, graphics, sound and video are protected by copyright, trade marks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights. Except insofar as expressly permitted in these terms and conditions, the content of this website may not be retrieved, displayed, modified, copied, printed, sold, downloaded, sold, hired, reverse engineered or transmitted in any way without our prior written consent. You may retrieve, display, copy, print or download the content on this website for the following purposes only:
Content of this site may be copied, in part or full, if the information is intended for personal use or in connection with the proposed purchase by you any of the goods referred to on the site.
The content of this site may be copied, in part or in full, for the benefit of a third party if the all of the following conditions are met:
the copy indicates this site as its source and provides the site’s complete address and copyright information
the copy indicates that it is protected by copyright restrictions which must be respected by the third party
the copy, in part or in full, must not be inserted into another text or publication, in whatever form, without prior written permission
the copy, in part or in full, must not be stored, on another website or on any other electronic system, without prior written permission
the copy, in part or in full, must never be disseminated for commercial purposes apart from the intended purchase by you or others of goods specified on the site without prior written permission
Mis-pricing
Despite our best efforts, items on our website may occasionally be mis-priced. We verify prices as part of our dispatch procedures and if an item’s correct price is lower than the price shown online, we will charge you the lower amount and send you the item. If the item’s correct price is higher than the price shown online, we will contact you for instructions before despatch. We cannot confirm the price until you order.
Sizes and Specifications
All sizes shown are for guidance only. We reserve the right to change specifications and designs at any time without prior notice.
Stock availability
Product availability will be confirmed upon receipt of order. We try to ensure that we have good stock availability of all products. However, some goods may sell faster than we predict.
If the item you have ordered is not in stock, we shall advise you and do our best to get it to you as quickly as possible.
If we are unable to deliver an item we shall cancel the item from your order immediately and let you know by phone or email. If we are unable to deliver an item to you in a timely manner, as stated within our delivery policy, we will telephone or email you with the option to cancel your order if you so wish.
Guarantee
We warrant all of our products for a period of one year from the date of delivery. If you find a defect in material or workmanship in any part or component, Lindsey Teak will, at Lindsey Teak’s option, repair or replace the furniture free of charge. “Defects”, as used in this warranty, are defined as imperfection in material or workmanship that will impair the use of the furniture product.
Under this warranty we are unable to exchange goods that have been treated, painted or modified in any way or bespoke items. In these cases we would repair any damage covered by the warranty.
In the event that you would like to claim under our guarantee please forward images of the damage to info@Lindseyteak.co.uk together with your order details. Please be advised that our product guarantee does not cover items shipped overseas.
Retention of Title
The risk in the goods shall pass from the seller to the buyer upon delivery of such goods to the buyer. However, notwithstanding delivery and the passing of risk in the goods, title and property in the goods, including full legal and beneficial ownership, shall not pass to the buyer until the seller has received in cash or cleared funds payment in full for all goods delivered to the buyer under this and all other contracts between the seller and the buyer for which payment of the full price of the goods thereunder has not been paid. Payment of the full price of the goods shall include the amount of any interest or other sum payable under the terms of this and all other contracts between the seller and the buyer under which the goods were delivered.
Privacy
We will always treat the information we collect from you as personal and confidential. Your details will only be used to complete orders, provide you with the best possible service and, if you have requested, to enable us to send you information about promotional offers and new products or services.
Your personal information will not be passed or sold to any third party or company (unless we are legally obliged to) without your permission.
The type of information we will collect about you includes:·
Your name
Address
Phone number
E-mail address
The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information we hold about you by clicking here and e-mailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
If we intend to transfer your information outside the EEA (European Economic Area) we will always obtain your consent first.
If you would like to remove your details from our customer database and mailing list please click here. If you have any questions or comments about privacy you should email us on Info@Lindseyteak.co.uk or telephone 020 8655 6241.
Jati Ltd (trading as Lindsey Teak) is registered under the Data Protection Act 1998.
Read our full Privacy Policy here
To change your order
If your order has been confirmed, but you have not yet received the items, you can change or cancel your order by email or by telephoning us on 020 8655 6241.
Prices & VAT Charges
For orders made from the UK or the European Union, 20% VAT is added. All other orders are VAT free.
If you are ordering from outside the UK or European Union, your order can be supplied VAT free. Your credit card payment will be reduced accordingly and a copy of your ex VAT receipt will be dispatched with your goods. Local import duties may be payable by you on receipt.
Trade Descriptions Act
Every care has been taken to ensure that the descriptions and specifications of our products on this web site are correct. However, whilst the colour reproduction is a close representation, a colour variation in the actual goods may occur.
Customer Services
In the event of you having a complaint or problem with any aspect of our service or the products we offer, please telephone us on 020 8655 6241 or click here to inform us by email We take all complaints extremely seriously and we will try to rectify any problem quickly and effectively.
Our Customer service representatives are available between 9:00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. (GMT) Monday to Friday.
All complaints will be acknowledged within 2 working days and will be resolved as soon as practicable. We will always keep you informed throughout the process of resolving your complaint and we will keep the details of your complaint confidential.
We always welcome feedback from our customers and are continually looking at ways to improve our service.
Instability of the Internet
The Internet is an inherently unstable medium. Errors, omissions, interruptions and delays of service may occur at any time. As a result we accept no responsibility in respect of such errors, omissions, interruptions or delays. We do not guarantee that this site will operate either fully or in part on any specific computer equipment or in any specific software. We accept no liability whatsoever (whether in contract, negligence, breach of duty including statutory duty or any other cause of action) for any damage, either temporary or permanent, occurring to either electronic equipment or software that might occur whilst using this site.
Request a copy of the Lindsey Teak Catalogue