https://www.guaranteedforex.com/en/terms-of-use
ENGLISH
ESPAÑOL
ITALIANO
FRANÇAIS
Create an Account Contactslive chatLog in
Home Results Automated Trading Forex Signals Recommended deposits Prices and Subscription Questions and Answers
RELATED LINKS >>>My Account
GuaranteedForex Terms of Use
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of GuaranteedForex Website.
guaranteedforex.com is part of Signalator Ltd. All products and services are provided by Signalator Ltd. By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use GuaranteedForex website
if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page. The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, Risk Disclosure and Refund Policy
and any or all Agreements: "Client", "You", "User", "Visitor" refers to you, the person accessing this website
and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We", "Our" and "Us", refers
to our Company.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Signalator Limited collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the https://www.signalator.com website and its subdomains ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Signalator Limited.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Signalator Limited collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
- To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
- To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
- To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Risk Disclosure
All Signalator products and services are offered and provided "as is". As the contents on this site are intended to be understood by professional users who are fully aware of the inherent risks in Forex/ Futures and Options/ Stocks and Bonds trading, the core of this site is aimed solely for the use by experienced investors in the foreign exchange and financial markets. The content herein is provided in good faith and believed to be up-to-date and accurate; however, there are no explicit or implicit warranties of accuracy or timeliness made by Signalator Ltd. We use reasonable care to make sure that the information appearing on this site is accurate and up-to-date. None of the material contained in this site is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact and all conditions, warranties and representations, express or implied by regulation, law, ordinance, statute, common law or otherwise in relation to Signalator Ltd. Services are excluded.
The information contained herein should not be construed as an advice or recommendation or promise of future results. The information contained herein is intended for informational purposes only.
We highly recommend that before making a decision, the reader collects several opinions related to the decision and verifies facts from at least several independent sources. Signalator Ltd. does not control, and cannot endorse or vouch for the accuracy or completeness of any information or advice you may have received or may receive in future from any other person not employed by Signalator Ltd. regarding Services provided herein. Signalator Ltd. does not give, whatsoever, warranties, expressed or implied, to the results to be obtained by using its Services or information it provided. Signalator Ltd. shall not be responsible under any circumstances for any consequences of such activities. Signalator Ltd. and its affiliates, in no event, are liable to you or any third parties for any consequential damages, however arising, including but not limited to damages caused by negligence whether such damages were foreseen or unforeseen.
Signalator Ltd. has no control over the use to which the information may be put by the user and accordingly neither Signalator Ltd. nor any related companies shall be liable for any loss or damage, whether direct, indirect or consequential, foreseen or unforeseen, including loss of profit or other economic loss, arising out of or in connection with the content, delivery or use of such information. Accordingly, we accept no responsibility for any use made of the information. Signalator Ltd. shall not be liable for any damages or costs arising out of your use of any of the services or companies accessed through the linkage from our web site over the internet. Links from this site to any external site are accessed at the user's own risk and Signalator Ltd. bears no liability or responsibility for use of these links or sites and their contents. You should therefore carefully consider whether Signalator Ltd. Services are appropriate for you in light of your experience, objectives, financial resources and other relevant circumstances.
Services Refund and Cancellation Policy
This Services Refund and Cancellation Policy governs the manner in which Signalator Limited ("Signalator") cancels and refunds of the subscription costs received from users (each, a "User"). This refund policy applies to the all services
provided
by Signalator Limited.
Refund of a non-activated* subscription
Should you decide to cancel the subscription and request the refund prior to the activation of the subscription, please contact the Signalator customer service and express your willingness to cancel the purchased services and your request of a refund. The subscription will be cancelled upon the receipt of your request. The refund in full paid volume will be issued within 7 working days after the receipt of your refund intention.
Refund of an activated** subscription (within 7 days from the initial activation)
Once the subscription is already activated, you are entitled for a 50% refund within the 7 days from the subscription activation date. Should you request the cancellation of your subscription and the refund of the funds you paid, please send the refund and cancellation form to the Signalator customer service. The subscription will be cancelled upon the receipt of your request. The refund in the volume of the 50% from the initial payment will be issued within 7 working days after the receipt of your refund request. Please note: due to the currency volatility the final refund amount may slightly differ from the 50% amount of your initial payment in either way.
Refund of an activated** subscription (after 7 days from the initial activation)
Signalator provides an informational subscription on a subscription basis. Once the subscription is activated and is used for at least for a 7 days period, you are no longer entitled for any refund of the funds initially paid to Signalator. Please note: due to the Signalator risk disclosure policy (available above), Signalator is not responsible for any losses and damages accrued during the use of Signalator services and any damages or losses can not be considered as any grounds for a service refund after the 7 days of the service activation.
Non-refundable payments under any circumstances
The following payments and services are not refunded under any circumstances:
a) Initial setup / activation fee. Depending on a subscription type, when subscribing you see a setup / activation fee. Usually, it is about 40% of the first payment. Activation includes creation of an account, activation of signals and subscription options, etc.
b) Paid demo subscription. Once your paid demo subscription is activated, the payment is no longer a subject for a refund.
c) VPS service / Manual execution services. Once you send us details for installation of your trade platform or details of your account for manual execution, the paid fee for these services is no longer a subject for a refund.
d) Special offer / discount subscription. Special offers and discount subscription are not refunded after activation.
* Non-activated subscription. The non-activated subscription is a subscription you just paid for. Once you have registered an account with Signalator to receive signal or received a confirmation letter and / or SMS stating your subscription was successfully activated, your subscription is considered activated. Please note: Signalator can not guarantee the delivery of an either Email or SMS.
** Activated subscription. The subscription becomes activated once you have created an account with the Signalator website or received an activation Email / SMS from Signalator. Please note: Signalator can not guarantee the delivery of an either Email or SMS.
Please note: the actual receiving of a signal is not connected with an activation of a subscription. Your subscription is first activated and then you are ready to receive any alerts (based on activated delivery options). If you have not received any signals, it does not mean your subscription is not yet activated.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of these terms and policies. If you do not agree to these policies, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these policies will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us
ENGLISH
ESPAÑOL
ITALIANO
FRANÇAIS
TERMS OF USE
Signalator® Limited Registered in England and Wales, no:6219867; 53 Rodney Street, Liverpool, L19ER, UK.
Copyright Signalator® 2000-2020 ©. Copyright and the intellectual property rights to the format and content of this site are reserved and are
proprietary to Signalator Ltd. unless otherwise indicated. No material from this site may be copied, reproduced or redistributed in any manner without the prior
written permission of Signalator Ltd. The trademarks and logos used and displayed on this site are registered and unregistered trademarks and logos of
Signalator Ltd. and other and may not be used in any manner without the express written approval of the trademark and logo owner.