http://www.cim.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Training Course, Membership, Assessment Services and The Marketing Shop Information Terms and Conditions.
This website is operated by The Chartered Institute of Marketing. Further details about The Chartered Institute of Marketing are given at the end of these terms and conditions.
Additional terms will apply to any booking that you make through this website (see one day workshops and residential courses onwards) and to our use of your registration and other personal data (see our Privacy Policy).
Contracts formed between The Chartered Institute of Marketing and you as a result of using this site shall be governed in all respects by English law and you hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Registering with the website
The Chartered Institute of Marketing uses a registration based workspace area, MyCIM, which helps us to improve our understanding of you and your interests. This enables us to tailor future content to your needs.
Terms of use
By using the site, you agree to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this site.
The content of this site and content of sites linked to and from this site are provided 'as is' and ‘as available’, without warranties of any kind.
The Chartered Institute of Marketing does not accept any liability arising from any inaccuracy or omission in the information or interruption in availability. You are advised to verify the accuracy of any information before relying on it.
The Chartered Institute of Marketing does not warrant that the materials will be error free, nor free of viruses, defamatory, offensive, or other harmful matter. You assume the entire cost of any necessary service, repair, or correction.
The information on this website does not necessarily reflect the views and opinions of The Chartered Institute of Marketing. Neither should any suggestions or advice contained on this website be relied upon in place of professional advice. You are responsible for checking the accuracy of relevant facts, instructions, suggestions and/or opinions given on this website before entering into any commitment based upon them. The materials that can be accessed from linked sites are not maintained by The Chartered Institute of Marketing and we are not responsible for the contents thereof.
Any reference to a linked site or third party by name does not constitute or imply its endorsement by us, and you assume all risk with respect to its use.
Under no circumstances shall The Chartered Institute of Marketing, its affiliates, agents and suppliers be liable for any damages arising out of the use or inability to use the materials in this site or any linked site, even if we are advised of the possibility thereof, nor for any claim by a third party. However, nothing in these Terms of Use shall restrict or exclude any liability that we have to any party which cannot be excluded by law.
You agree to use this site for lawful purposes only and not in any way that might infringe third party rights or that might bring The Chartered Institute of Marketing into disrepute or ridicule.
You shall not use the website to disseminate any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation or to disseminate any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, damage, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold The Chartered Institute of Marketing and our affiliates harmless from any claims, losses, damages and expenses arising from your use of the site.
The Chartered Institute of Marketing reserves the right to vary these Terms of Use from time to time. Such variations become effective immediately upon the posting of the varied Terms of Use on the website. By continuing to use the website you will be deemed to accept such variations.
Copyright and Trade Marks
The copyright and all other rights in the material on this website are owned by us or are included with the permission of the owner of the rights.
As a visitor to this website, you may download a single copy of the material on this website on a single computer for your own private viewing/listening purposes only. Single copies of pages from this website may be printed out for the sole purposes of enabling the person printing the page to retain a copy for their own personal records. No copying or distribution of material on this website for any commercial or business use is permitted without our prior written consent.
No photography, filming, broadcast, alteration or modification of the pages of this website is permitted without our prior written consent except as may be reasonably necessary to use the website. Subject to this paragraph, all rights in material on this website are reserved to The Chartered Institute of Marketing.
Use of any software available for downloading from the site is governed by the terms of the license agreement accompanying the software.
All trade marks, service marks, and trade names in this site are the marks of the respective owner(s), and any unauthorised use is prohibited.
Registrations
On certain parts of this website we may require you to register and provide certain information about yourself and where you do this you agree to:
1. Provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the relevant registration form (such information being the "Registration Data")
2. Maintain and promptly update the Registration Data (by sending an appropriately worded email to the membership services team) to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
Forums
If you send any text, images, audio or other content to this website you accept that the files sent, and all rights therein, become the sole property of The Chartered Institute of Marketing and that we shall have the right to use that content in perpetuity, throughout the world, in all known and discovered mediums and for all purposes and we shall have the right to make it available to the public on this website and otherwise. All material must comply with the rules on User Content Pages, set out below. We may require you to confirm the rights granted in this paragraph and where requested to do so you shall provide all reasonable assistance to us.
User Content Pages - Rules of Acceptable Use
Any discussion forums or pages of the website where you are capable of posting material are provided for your private and non-commercial use and for the exchange of lawful, relevant, fair and appropriate information, opinions and comment. Use of the website that is inconsistent with those stated purposes is strictly prohibited. Your use of these forums and the website generally is subject to the following terms which, by your use of the forums and the website, you are deemed to accept (and which amount to a non-exhaustive list of prohibited acts):
• You may not use obscene or offensive language.
• You may not place on the website any material which is defamatory, abusive, discriminatory or hateful or which applauds, encourages or entices abuse, discrimination or hate.
• You may not post any material on the website which has been disclosed to you in confidence or which, by its nature, is confidential.
• You may not post any material on the website which compromises the privacy or security of anyone other than yourself.
• You may not place on the website any material which may encourage criminal conduct or which may give rise to civil liability, or which is otherwise unlawful.
• You may not place on the site any material, including images, belonging to any person (or any material where the rights belong to any person) other than yourself without the prior written consent of the owner of it.
• You may not place on the site, or link to a third party site, any material where the use by The Chartered Institute of Marketing, or any third party licensed or permitted by The Institute, will give rise to any third party claims.
• You may not place any links on the website where those links take users to unlawful material or material that contravenes these Rules of Acceptable Use.
• You may not place on the website advertisements nor make commercial solicitations nor use the website for any commercial purposes (which would include using the website to promote or encourage the sale of your goods/services).
• You may not place on the website any material that authorises, enables or encourages the dissemination of junk mail or chain letters.
• You grant The Chartered Institute of Marketing the unrestricted right to use, reproduce, translate and distribute any material you place on the site.
• Whilst we do not pre-screen submissions placed on our online forums, we do have the right (but not the obligation) at our sole discretion to review, edit, move or delete any material submitted to our online forums.
• The Chartered Institute of Marketing accepts no responsibility for any statements, material or other submissions placed on our online forums by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage resulting from your breach of these Rules of Acceptable Use.
• You agree to indemnify The Chartered Institute of Marketing, its associated companies and its representatives and employees from any and all damages, claims and liabilities (including legal fees) and expenses of any kind which arise from your actions, statements, contributions or other submissions to our online forums, from any unauthorised use of material obtained from our online forums or otherwise from your breach of our Rules of Acceptable Use.
• Profile images can include a personal portrait or other non-offensive and non-copyright content, for example, company logos are not permitted. Inappropriate images will result in your forum account being suspended.
Removal of content
We will not view or edit or pre-screen any contribution that you or anyone else make to the forums or to the website generally and therefore, unless we are specifically notified of the nature of any item of content, you cannot assume that we are responsible for having made it available on the website.
We, and others that we designate, shall have the right (but not the obligation) at our sole discretion to suspend your forum account, refuse or remove any content that is posted to, or available on, the forums or the website without the need to give any reasons for doing so. Content objections
If you object to the publication of any material placed on our online forums (or anywhere else on this website) please let us know by contacting the technical support team and we will take whatever action we deem appropriate.
The Chartered Institute of Marketing hyperlink policy
Linking to our website
We welcome 'hot links' to the Homepage of our website, but not 'deep linking' by which we mean that you may not include a link to any page of our website that is not the Homepage.
Neither may you display the contents of our website (or any page from it) or allow it to be displayed surrounded or framed or otherwise surrounded by material not originating from us without our consent. If you would like to license our material, please contact our Knowledge Services team.
Linking to third party websites
The following policy covers all web sites owned and developed by The Chartered Institute of Marketing.
External hyperlink approval should be sought from our web team for acceptance and assessment.
All links open in a separate window and not within the frameset of The Chartered Institute of Marketing's sites. This is to prevent any inference that CIM approves or has any business or ownership rights relating to the third party site.
Free text links
Free text links will be given to organisations that are mentioned in copy provided by either third parties (commissioned writers) or originally generated by The Chartered Institute of Marketing.
If a third party has supplied original free content a link will automatically be given to the provider/owner of the content, once the content has been editorially approved.
Logo links
On some occasions a logo hyperlink will be accepted, again this will need to be approved by our web team. If the logo is used on the site, written permission must be sought from the third party. This will protect The Chartered Institute of Marketing in terms of breach of copyright preventing any ambiguity between both parties. A written copy of express permission logo usage approval (letter or e-mail accepted), detailing the usage rights of their logo, must be forwarded on to the Marketing team for reference purposes.
Denied links
• Pornography
• Terrorism
• Racism
• Political views
• Any criminal activity
• Direct Competitors to CIM Qualifications, Training, Membership and the Bookshop
The Chartered Institute of Marketing will portray a neutral stance on any views; hence no form of political alliance will be portrayed on any of the sites under its control. The information collected will be used for reference and CIM’s web communication only. The data will not be submitted for marketing campaigns and distributed outside of CIM.
Hyperlink disclaimer notice - all third parties will need to be made aware of the following:
• Please note that that hyperlinks are given for information purposes only and there is no inferred recommendation as to the companies listed on The Chartered Institute of Marketing’s sites.
• The Chartered Institute of Marketing does not take any responsibility for the quality of service these organisations provide.
• The Chartered Institute of Marketing will reserve the right to remove any hyperlinks at any time without prior consultation with third parties.
One Day Workshops, Multi-day, Virtual and Online Courses Provided by Learning and Development
One Day Workshops, Multi-day, Virtual and Online Courses Provided by Learning and Development
Bookings can be made by fax, post, email or online and are regarded as confirmed bookings when made. An online booking form can be accessed at training. Telephone bookings should be confirmed in writing within 10 days and can only be regarded as provisional until we have received such written confirmation.
Digital Marketing Channels online course
This online course has been developed in partnership with Target Internet.
Bookings
Can be made by email or online and are only regarded as confirmed bookings when payment is made. An online booking form can be accessed at cim.co.uk/training.
Telephone
Bookings should be confirmed within 10 days and can only be regarded as provisional until we have received written confirmation and payment.
Payment
All course fees must be paid in full within 10 days of booking or confirmed with an authorised Purchase Order form.
Cooling off period
When a confirmed booking is made, consumer bookers have a 14-day cooling off period.
If the consumer wishes to cancel in this period please email admin.sales@cim.co.uk quoting your booking reference and a full refund will be given.
As soon as online materials have been accessed the cooling off period ceases.
Intellectual property
All materials provided by CIM (The Chartered Institute of Marketing) Learning and Development remain the intellectual property of CIM and its partners, who assert their right to worldwide copyright unless specifically agreed otherwise in writing.
Access to the online course will be provided via email direct to the learner. CIM reserve the right to cease or suspend access to the online course in the event that you breach any of these Terms and Conditions.
Cancellations
Written notification of cancellation of the course booking within 0 – 30 days (inclusive) of the course date, or failure to attend a course without prior written notification, will be subject to the scale of charges shown in the Transfer and Cancellation table below. The full course fee is due 30 days prior to the course date:
1. For residential programmes, the start date is the date the course begins
2. For workshops, it is the day of the course
Courses booked inside 30 days must be paid immediately. If payment has already been made only the remaining percentage of the course fee, after the transfer or cancellation charges have been applied, shall be refunded.
Substitutions
Clients may substitute the original delegate with another person at no extra charge. Written notification is required to substitute a delegate.
Transfers
Written notification is required to transfer a booking to another course. Course bookings can be transferred without charge when notification is received 31 or more days prior to the start date of the originally booked course.
Where notification is received within 15 – 30 days (inclusive) of the start date of the originally booked course, a once only transfer is allowed with a 25% charge applied based on the original fee. The transfer charge will be 50% where notification is received within 1–14 days (inclusive) of the course date. If that transfer is then cancelled or changed at any time, the full course fee remains payable. Transfers on the day shall only be permitted when supported by a doctor’s certificate. In all other circumstances 100% of the course fee will be payable. Only one transfer is permitted per booking. Subsequent transfers or cancellations shall be affected in line with the conditions outlined in the Transfer and Cancellation table.
Transfer and Cancellation Table
No of days notice
% course fee payable
% course fee payable
Cancellation
Transfer
31 + days
No charge
No charge
15-30 days
100% of fee due
25% of original course fee
1-14 days
100% of fee due
50% of original course fee
(The original course fee is the amount that has been invoiced, ie this may show a discount if the delegate is a member) All late bookings, first confirmed within 30 days of the course date, will be subject to normal cancellation and transfer terms and conditions. Entry to the course will be denied if payment has not been received or prior written agreement has not been given.
Payment
All course fees must be paid in full no later than 30 days prior to the start of the course or immediately for late bookings. Payment can be made by credit card or BACs. Settlement of the invoice is only deemed to have happened when the full amount has been paid and cleared. The Chartered Institute of Marketing reserves the right to levy interest or administration charges in the event of payments being made by instalments. This should be agreed in writing in advance; default on a payment due will result in the full balance becoming payable and possible removal from the course.
Bank Details
Bank Name Santander UK plc
Address Bridle Road, Bootle, Merseyside, L30 4GB
Bank Sort Code 09-02-22
Bank Account Number 10776490 The Chartered Institute of Marketing
VAT Number GB 302 2509 13
IBAN code GB93ABBY09022210776490
Account Contact Tracey Sheppard
Telephone Number +44 (0)1628 427425
Accommodation and transport
Accommodation can be arranged at Moor Hall at a preferential rate, which has to be paid locally on departure. Any requests for extended accommodation should be emailed to reception@cim.co.uk For airport transfers please contact reception who can supply details of a local taxi company, tel +44 (0)1628 427500 or e-mail reception@cim.co.uk.
Cancellation of course
The Chartered Institute of Marketing reserves the right to amend or cancel any course, course times, dates or published prices. Changes to course prices, times and dates will be advised before the course start date and any course already paid in full will not be subject to the increased price. As a course may be cancelled up to two weeks prior to its start date, we recommend that delegates do not make travel arrangements before this time. Any travel costs incurred are entirely the delegate’s responsibility. CIM does not accept any liability for reimbursement of travel costs.
Intellectual property
All materials provided by Learning and Development remain the intellectual property of The Chartered Institute of Marketing and its partners, who assert their right to worldwide copyright and all related rights unless specifically agreed otherwise in writing.
Data Protection
The Chartered Institute of Marketing does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. However, CIM may contact you with useful and interesting additional information regarding our products and services. Please see our Privacy Policy for further information on how we may use your data.
Special Requirements
Special requirements and dietary needs can be met and arrangements for personal religious worship or for disabled delegates easily made. Simply state your requirements at the time of booking and we will make all the necessary preparations prior to your arrival.
Other terms
The Chartered Institute of Marketing reserves the right to remove any delegate from their programme should their behaviour be deemed to be inappropriate. This would result in no refund of course fees or other costs being paid.
CIM Academy
Learn more about CIM Academy's terms and conditions here.
Membership
Membership
The online membership join service is for new Affiliate Professional or Affiliate Studying members. Applications for graded membership can be made and will be assessed once received. Whilst there are systems in place to reduce the creation of multiple applications and accounts, we cannot accept responsibility for existing members creating multiple membership accounts using this service.
It is expected that studying members are enrolled at an accredited study centre either at the time of joining CIM as an affiliate studying member, or within three months.
Once created, a membership record is not transferrable to another individual.
The format in which you provide your name on your application is the way that you will subsequently be addressed, if you are studying for a CIM qualification a first name and surname will be required for the issue of certificate(s).
If you are already a member and wish to renew your membership, providing it has not become ceased, you can do so online by logging into your MyCIM account or by contacting the Customer Service team on +44(0) 1628 427120. If you are looking to re-join following cessation of your membership, please contact the Customer Services team on +44(0) 1628 427120 for details on how to proceed.
Membership is an annual subscription. Payment for membership cannot be refunded once paid. If membership is cancelled part-way through a membership year, then no refund can be offered, and full payment still needs to be made for the duration of that membership year. This does not affect your statutory right to cancel within the 14-day cooling off period following purchase.
Members will be sent communication to invite them to renew their membership and if payment is not received within one month of the renewal date the membership status will become Suspended. This indicates the membership is overdue and during this time access to membership benefits will be restricted. However membership remains nominally in place and payment can be made via MyCIM. Renewal payments made whilst membership is Suspended will retain the original renewal date. Once membership ceases, three months after renewal was due a new application can be made with a new renewal date, unless otherwise agreed.
Membership fees are subject to review and change annually, The Chartered Institute of Marketing may decide to increase membership fees at any time. All members will be made aware of such changes prior to their renewal date.
By joining members agree to abide by The Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIM) Charter and Bye-laws and to observe the provisions of the CIM’s Code of Professional Conduct. By making a membership renewal payment this acts as continuing acceptance.
CIM reserves the right to downgrade an application in the event that an error is made in the application assessment. Full reasons will be given.
The Chartered Institute of Marketing reserves the right to request further evidence to support your application. If you have any questions, or require assistance, please contact the Customer services team.
Availability and access to membership benefits is dependent upon the grade of membership held.
CIM reserves the right to alter the range of member benefits at any time and without prior notice and similarly any third parties involved in the provision of member benefits may be changed.
Services provided by a third party in respect of member benefits will be subject to that provider’s own Terms and Conditions and CIM does not accept any liability arising from the provision of these services.
Members are responsible for ensuring that their contact details are kept up- to- date to ensure communications are received.
CIM cannot accept responsibility for mail or emails sent to the address given, that are not received.
Payment methods
Payment may be made online by credit or debit card using the Stripe secure, online payment infrastructure. All major credit and debit cards are accepted, and a receipt will be sent by email from Stripe confirming the payment.
If payment is made using a credit/debit card not in the member/applicant’s name permission must be sought from the card holder and by making such payment online or by telephone you are confirming that permission has been sought and obtained.
Please note that if you do not provide accurate details (including type of card and number) or if your credit card company does not authorise payment, your application will be deemed void. The Chartered Institute of Marketing will not accept any liability for costs incurred as a result of applications deemed void in this manner.
Payments can also be made by Worldpay (if paying via telephone), direct debit, cheque and bank transfer. With the latter any bank charges need to be met by the payer.
The Chartered Institute of Marketing will only confirm your membership once payment has been authorised. On completing the process, you will receive an email to confirm that the application has been successful, and the email will include your Membership number.
CPD
Chartered Marketer or CMktr designation and the Chartered Marketer logo can only be used by CIM members who hold both current membership and Chartered Marketer status.
For those holding Chartered Marketer status, failure to submit CPD records by the submission date, unless otherwise agreed, will result in the loss of Chartered Marketer status.
Graded member online training course offer
Access for 30 days only for ACIM to Marketing Fundamentals online course or access for 30 days only for MCIM to Marketing and Brand Strategy online course or access for 30 days only for FCIM to Marketing and Brand Strategy online course.
This offer is applicable to new or renewing graded members from 25 November, 2020.
One offer only permitted per graded member within the year 2020/2021.
This offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Studying members or Affiliate Professional members do not qualify for this offer.
Access to the online courses must be booked within the year of renewal. To qualify for the offer a valid CIM graded membership number must be provided at the time of booking. Renewal must be at graded level.
If you have already booked the Marketing Fundamentals or Marketing and Brand Strategy prior to this offer then you will not be eligible to a refund.
This offer cannot be switched with another online or virtual course.
No extension can be provided if the course is not completed within 30 days.
Assessments
Assessments
Current CIM membership is required when booking assessments and the CIM assignment submission deadline/exam date.
Assessment fees are subject to review and may change annually.
Please refer to the Student Assignment Submission Guidelines and Examination Guidance for Candidates prior to submitting your assignment/sitting your exam. These documents can be found in MyCIM within the Assessment Guidance section.
Assessment bookings made during the Late Booking Period will be subject to a late entry fee in addition to the standard assessment booking fee. For details of the Late Booking Period please refer to the Important Dates found in MyCIM.
Assessments can be cancelled within 14 days of payment being made. After this point fees are non-refundable. Any bookings made during the Late Booking Period are also non-refundable.
Before booking assessments, please check with your Tutor which assessments you need to book for the particular session. Refunds cannot be given for incorrectly booked assessments or if transfers need to be made.
Assignments
All assignments must be submitted either via your ASC or via an approved platform. Assignments sent directly to CIM will not be accepted. Candidates are responsible for checking that they have the correct assignment brief for the session they are submitting to. Please note case studies change each assessment session, even for re-sits.
Booking dates
For booking dates, please refer to the Important Dates for Students document found online in the MyCIM area for the relevant information on booking times.
The Booking Assessment Policy can be found online in the policies and forms section of MyCIM.
Exam venue
If you book an exam your Assessment Booking Confirmation will include a provisional exam venue, the final venue for your examination will be confirmed via email approximately one month before the examinations commence.
For students taking examinations outside the UK, additional local fees may be charged by the examination centre. Students are advised to contact their examination centre in advance for confirmation of any extra fees.
The Chartered Institute of Marketing or your study centre will offer you the facility to sit for your examinations, if this is one of your assessment methods. If you choose not to sit your examinations at the designated location, you may be liable for an additional charge to accommodate alternative arrangements.
If you require the examination venue to be changed, you are required to advise us of this within 14 days of making payment for your assessment booking. We will try to accommodate all requests wherever possible, but this cannot be guaranteed. The Chartered Institute of Marketing also reserves the right to change the venue, if necessary.
If requesting a bespoke examination centre an administration fee will apply, plus any associated costs charged by the examination centre. Where a bespoke centre is arranged your contact details will be shared with the exam venue for the purpose of booking your place.
Photographic Identification
All members sitting The Chartered Institute of Marketing's written examinations will be required to provide photographic identification to the invigilator along with a copy of the final booking confirmation email. For online examinations photographic ID will be required together with the initial booking confirmation email. Photographic ID can be in the form of a driving licence, passport or national identity card.
Deferrals
If an assessment booking is made and your circumstances then change you may be able to apply to defer your booking to a future assessment session. Please refer to the Important Dates for Students document in MyCIM and Guidance for Deferrals document for further details. Please note if deferring fees may apply, and you are responsible for ensuring you have the correct assignment brief for the session you are deferring to.
Reasonable adjustments
The Chartered Institute of Marketing is committed to providing equal opportunities for all our studying members. For further details please see our Reasonable Adjustments Policy that can be found in MyCIM, for enquiries please email reasonableadjustments@cim.co.uk or +44 (0)1628 427049.
Pricing
Prices for membership and assessments are valid from 01 July to 30 June but may be subject to change.
Events
Regional and Sector Interest Group Event Booking Cancellations
You may cancel your booking up to 7 days prior to the event and receive a full refund. After that we are sorry but we cannot take refunds.
Marketing Excellence Awards 2020
Terms of use
By using the site, you agree to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site.The content of this site and content of sites linked to and from this site are provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’, without warranties of any kind.
CIM does not accept any liability arising from any inaccuracy or omission in the information or interruption in availability. You are advised to verify the accuracy of any information before relying on it.
CIM does not warrant that the materials will be error free, nor free of viruses, defamatory, offensive or other harmful matter. You assume the entire cost of any necessary service, repair or correction.
The information on this website does not necessarily reflect the views and opinions of CIM. Neither should any suggestions or advice contained on this website be relied upon in place of professional advice. You are responsible for checking the accuracy of relevant facts, instructions, suggestions and/or opinions given on this website before entering into any commitment based upon them. The materials that can be accessed from linked sites are not maintained by CIM and we are not responsible for the contents thereof.
Any reference to a linked site or third party by name does not constitute or imply its endorsement by us, and you assume all risk with respect to its use.
Under no circumstances shall CIM, its affiliates, agents and suppliers be liable for any damages arising out of the use or inability to use the materials in this site or any linked site, even if we are advised of the possibility thereof, nor for any claim by a third party. However, nothing in these Terms of Use shall restrict or exclude any liability that we have to any party which cannot be excluded by law.
You agree to use this site for lawful purposes only and not in any way that might infringe third party rights or that might bring CIM into disrepute or ridicule.
You shall not use the website to disseminate any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes” or any other form of solicitation or to disseminate any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, damage, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold CIM and our affiliates harmless from any claims, losses, damages and expenses arising from your use of the site.
Entry rules
A fee of £250.00 + VAT is applied to each entry submitted to the CIM Marketing Excellence Awards 2020 (the Awards), excluding Marketer of the Year category which is free of charge to enter.
Entrants are eligible to enter more than one category; however, a separate online entry submission and payment must be completed for each category and each entry. Each entry must be tailored to meet the requirements for each specific category.
Entrants may edit their entry after submitting, up until the entry deadline of Friday 08 November 2019 (midnight GMT). Entries received after this date and time will not be accepted.
Entrants must make sure all personal details are entered accurately, including contact details, as this will be used in the Awards presentation if they are selected as a finalist. CIM takes no responsibility for incorrectly entered details.
Entry fees may be paid by credit card or invoice. If an entry submission has not been paid for by the entry deadline they will not be included for judging.
Entries are restricted to marketing activity targeting the following audiences: the UK and Channel Islands only. In addition to this, the entry must originate and be submitted by the UK or Channel Islands offices. An entry will not be accepted if it is initiated outside of the UK or Channel Islands yet submitted by the UK or Channel Islands offices.
The maximum word limit per entry submission is 1,500 words.
All entries should relate to work commenced and completed from 01 September 2018 – 01 September 2019.
Entrants will be required to submit a company logo for all companies that form part of their award(s) submission. The company logo(s) will need to be supplied as a colour vector EPS file with all fonts/text converted to paths. It is important that entrants secure permission to use all logos. By submitting a logo, you grant permission for CIM and its partners to use it for the purpose of the Awards.
Entrants who reach the finalist stage are required to submit a 10 second visual presentation video. This must exclude audio and be in video format, alternatively, five high resolution JPEG images which represent the campaign. Visual presentations must be submitted no later than Friday 06 March 2020. Failure to submit by this date may result in the entry being withdrawn.
CIM staff and the judges of the Awards will review entries. If entry submissions contain sensitive or confidential information, the entrant must clearly state this within their entry and advise CIM’s Awards team via email (awards@cim.co.uk).
Where web addresses are included within an entry, entrants must ensure that any access details, usernames and passwords needed for judging are supplied and that they continue to work until Friday 03 April 2020.
By entering the Awards, you confirm that you have the authority to enter on behalf of your organisation and your entry does not contain any material belonging to any person other than yourself unless you have the owner’s prior written consent.
Agencies/awards writing agencies submitting entries on behalf of/in partnership with clients must secure the client’s/partners permission in writing prior to submitting an entry.
CIM reserves the right to re-categorise entries. However, it cannot be expected to routinely re-categorise incorrectly entered submissions.
CIM reserves the right to not award categories should entries received not reach the required standard.
By entering the Awards, you agree to your entry being promoted by CIM and its partners and to participating in any relevant PR or promotional activities arranged by CIM with no recompense, either by CIM or any partners either during or after the Awards.
CIM reserves the right to compose case studies regarding your entry by using the entry form submitted. By entering the CIM Marketing Excellence Awards you give your full consent to this activity.
CIM has no responsibility or liability to the entrants except as detailed in these terms and conditions.
Under no circumstances shall there be any form of communication between the judges of the CIM Marketing Excellence Awards and the entrants.
Judges’ decisions are final and CIM will have the final decision resolving any disputes.
Feedback on entries is at the discretion of the judges and will be communicated via the CIM awards team.
Exclusions from entering
The following are not permitted to submit an entry:• Employees of CIM• CIM volunteers working directly on CIM Marketing Award projects• Judges of CIM Marketing Award projects• CIM Board members• Sponsors or affiliates of a category cannot enter the category that they are sponsoring.
How we use your information
By submitting your personal information, you are providing your details to CIM as data controller. This data will be processed solely for the purposes of managing your submission and will be handled in line with current data protection legislation as per our Privacy Policy.CIM will not contact you in relation to other products and services, unless you have already provided consent to receiving such communications. If you are a current member of CIM, you can update your communication preferences at any time via the ‘Communication’ tab of your MyCIM account at www.cim.co.uk/mycim.
In order to process your entry, the details you provide will be shared with relevant CIM employees, judges, marking assessors and sponsors. You will only be contacted by these parties, by phone or email, in relation to this event and its associated activities. CIM will not disclose your details to any other third parties for the purpose of receiving communications from those third parties.
As part of the entry process, you will be sharing your data with third party online platform providers who have been selected by CIM for the purposes of managing your entry and delivering associated MEA activities. These third parties are based outside of the EEA in countries which may not have data protection laws in force equivalent to those within the EEA. However, CIM has taken all necessary steps to ensure they are compliant with such legislation in order to protect your personal data.
• Award Force – www.awardforce.com – Australia• Arlo – www.arlo.co/ – New Zealand
Your personal information will be retained for as long as is required to complete all activity related to this event and for a further 12 months thereafter, after which it will be deleted from all platforms. If you are a CIM member, as a result of this event or otherwise, your data will be retained in line with our Privacy Policy.
CIM respects your data and has taken appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure we have mitigated against such risks as loss or unauthorised access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure of data.
Entry in the competition shall not grant any rights in or affect the ownership of any of CIM’s, the Sponsor’s or any partners’ intellectual property rights including but not limited to name, logo and/or trademarks, or those of our affiliates.
By entering the CIM Marketing Excellence Awards 2020 and successfully becoming a finalist, you agree for your name and/or company name(s) to be promoted via social media channels, PR related activity, CIM Marketing Excellence Awards website and CIM’s on-the-night brochure, either by CIM or any partners, either during or after the Awards ceremony.
Cancellation Policy
Submission of award entries
Cancellations for entries will be entitled to a refund if cancellation is received via email or in writing within 14 days of the date of payment. If cancellation for entry is received after 14 days of the date of payment, no refund will be given. For entries made within 14 days prior to the final submission date, no refund will be given. For refunds, there will be a £15 or 5% administration fee, whichever is the greater.
Purchasing of attendance at the Awards ceremony
Due to the recent postponement of the CIM Marketing Excellence Awards 2020 ceremony, our cancellation policy has been revised and extended. With cancellations made up to 22 January 2021, a refund of 50% will be given. No refunds will be made from 23 January 2021 onwards. Cancellations must be received via e-mail (awards@cim.co.uk) or in writing to CIM Head Office.
CIM reserves the right to vary these Terms and Conditions from time to time. Such variations become effective immediately upon the posting of the varied Terms and Conditions on the website. By continuing to use the website you will be deemed to accept such variations.
All attendees at the CIM Marketing Excellence Awards must be over the age of 18.
Copyright and Trade Marks
The copyright and all other rights in the material on this website are owned by CIM or are included with the permission of the owner of the rights.
As a visitor to this website, you may download a single copy of the material on this website on a single computer for your own private viewing/listening purposes only. Single copies of pages from this website may be printed out for the sole purposes of enabling the person printing the page to retain a copy for their own personal records. No copying or distribution of material on this website for any commercial or business use is permitted without CIM’s prior written consent.
No photography, filming, broadcast, alteration or modification of the pages of this website is permitted without CIM’s prior written consent except as may be reasonably necessary to use the website. Subject to this paragraph, all rights in material on this website are reserved to CIM.
Use of any software available for downloading from the site is governed by the terms of the license agreement accompanying the software.
All trademarks, service marks, and trade names in this site are the marks of the respective owner(s), and any unauthorised use is prohibited.
Liability and Indemnity
Except as expressly provided for in these Terms and Conditions we shall not in any circumstances be responsible for indirect damages or loss of any kind, including loss of profit, business or revenue, arising out of or in any way connected with the performance or failure to perform these Terms and Conditions, breach of any express or implied term or warranty, or where the performance of any of our obligations to you is prevented, frustrated or impeded by any circumstance or cause beyond our reasonable control, including without limitation fire, flood, lightning, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, accident to or breakdown of plant, machinery, utilities, computer servers, telecommunications networks or default of suppliers or subcontractors.
We do not seek to exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury arising from our own negligence or for any fraudulent misrepresentation. Subject to this, our liability to you under these Terms and Conditions howsoever caused shall be restricted to the replacement of the item(s) or a full refund of the price as outlined above; our liability to you shall not exceed the total price charged for the items purchased.
Severability
If any part of these Terms and Conditions is found to be unenforceable as a matter of law, the enforceability of any other part of these terms and conditions will not be affected.
Statutory Rights
These terms and conditions are in addition to your statutory rights as a consumer, which remain unaffected.
Applicable Law
Contracts formed between CIM and you shall be governed in all respects by English law and you hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Registered office
The Chartered Institute of MarketingMoor HallCookhamMaidenheadBerkshireSL6 9QHUK
Tel +44 (0)1628 427500
Graduation Ceremony 2021
Attendance is free of charge for graduating students to attend the Graduation Ceremony on 26 June 2021.
The deadline for graduates to reserve their free place at the Graduation Ceremony, along with payment for any guest tickets must be completed and received by 7 May 2021.
The maximum number of guests for each graduating student is three. Places are limited and are on a first come first served basis. Each guest ticket is £35 (zero VAT).
Guest tickets must be paid at the time of booking and are non-refundable four weeks prior to the event. The last day for refunds is 14 May 2021.
CIM is unable to provide assistance with funding attendance or accommodation for the event.
Visa applications are the responsibility of the graduate. CIM is strictly unable to provide funding or involvement in applications.
Tickets do not include food or beverages at the event. However refreshments will be available at the venue to purchase.
Regretfully children under the age of eight are not permitted into the auditorium.
The Pitch 2021
‘The Pitch 2021’ Terms and Conditions
CIM shall mean The Chartered Institute of Marketing a body incorporated by Royal Charter (RC000886) located at Moor Hall, Cookham, Maidenhead, Berkshire SL6 9QH.
The ‘Sponsor’, is defined as the company who are in contractual agreement with CIM for The Pitch competition and event.
The competition is open to teams of second and third year students at UK universities studying a marketing or business bachelor’s degree (level six equivalent). If students are studying business, this bachelor’s degree must contain a marketing module.
Students entering The Pitch must be in their second or third year in university, as of 01 September 2020.
Your team must consist of two or three eligible members only.
Entrants must be over 18 years of age.
Your entry is limited to one unique and original entry per team.
Employees of CIM and their immediate families are not permitted to enter the competition.
CIM reserves the right to refuse entries which we consider to be offensive or contain inappropriate/illegal material.
You agree that your entry to ‘The Pitch’ will not contain material, including images and music belonging to any person (or any material where the rights belong to any person) other than yourself without the owner’s prior written consent.
The intellectual property in all entries will be owned by and vest in the Sponsor and by entering this competition you agree to assign all intellectual property rights in your entry to them. The Pitch Sponsor does not need to obtain approval or permission to use this content and they have the right to use that content in perpetuity, throughout the world, in all known and discovered mediums and for all purposes and they shall have the right to make it available to any partner or the public.
You grant CIM, the Sponsor and their agencies the unrestricted right to use, reproduce, translate and distribute any material or ideas included in your Pitch and to make reference to and/or publish any content or ideas through printed or online channels for all PR activities and editorial relating to ‘The Pitch’. You agree that we need not obtain your approval prior to any such uses of your Pitch. Accordingly, we reserve the right to take such action as we require to protect our position in respect of any claim or potential claim.
As partners of The Pitch 2021, market intelligence content is released by Mintel for the sole purpose of supporting preparation for The Pitch 2021. Any other circulation or use of this content is strictly forbidden.
By submitting your personal information, you are providing your details to CIM as data controller. This data will be processed solely for the purposes of managing your submission and subsequent PR activities relating to your entry and will be handled in line with current data protection legislation.
CIM will not contact you in relation to other products and services, unless you have already provided consent to receiving such communications. If you are a current member of CIM, you can update your communication preferences at any time via the ‘Communication’ tab of your MyCIM account at co.uk/mycim.
In order to process your entry, the details you provide will be shared securely with relevant CIM employees, judges, marking assessors and sponsors. You will only be contacted by these parties, by phone or email, in relation to this event and its associated activities. CIM will not disclose your details to any other third parties for the purpose of receiving communications from those third parties.
Your personal information will be retained for as long as is required to complete all activity related to this event and for a further 12 months thereafter, after which it will be deleted. If you are a CIM member, as a result of this event or otherwise, your data will be retained in line with our Privacy Policy
CIM respects your data and has taken appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure we have mitigated against such risks as loss or unauthorised access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure of data.
Entry in the competition shall not grant any rights in or affect the ownership of any of CIM’s, the Sponsor’s or any partners’ intellectual property rights including but not limited to name, logo and/or trademarks, or those of our affiliates.
By entering The Pitch 2021 and successfully becoming one of the top 10 finalist teams, you agree for your name and university to be promoted via social media channels, PR related activity, The Pitch website, CIM’s on-the-day brochure for the live virtual judging final, and case studies with no recompense, either by CIM or any partners, either during or after the competition.
Registrations to the competition must be completed by Friday 4 November 2020 (midnight GMT).
Marketing presentations must be received by Friday 22 January 2021 (midnight GMT) via thepitch@cim.co.uk. Incomplete or late entries will not be accepted.
Your entry must be sent via thepitch@cim.co.ukand entries made in any other way will not be accepted.
After the closing date, entries will be judged by a panel who will select 10 team finalists. These finalists will be invited to attend a virtual live judging final on Friday 19 March 2021.
Finalist teams must submit their Pitch presentations by Friday 5 March 2021 (midnight GMT) via thepitch@cim.co.uk.
CIM is not responsible for any expenses incurred such as travel, accommodation or food.
The prizes per team are as follows:
1st Place
Winner of The Pitch 2021 and our ‘Marketers of the Future’ award.
One of the latest products from the Samsung mobile device range.
One year complimentary CIM membership for each team member.
2nd Place
One of the latest products from the Samsung mobile device range.
One year complimentary CIM membership for each team member.
3rd Place
One year complimentary CIM membership for each team member.
All 10 team finalists will receive
Specially-produced, finalists’ certificates.
Unless detailed above, the prizes do not include any costs for travelling, accommodation or other supplementary expenses that may be incurred by the prize winners in undertaking the prize.
There is no cash alternative, the prizes are non-transferable and can only be taken by the prize winners.
All prizes must be redeemed by 01 September 2021.
The judge’s decision is final.
Should the winner already be a member of CIM, there will be no refund of any moneys paid.
CIM has no liability or responsibility to the winners except as set out in these Terms and Conditions.
The successful placements of the top three teams will be posted on the CIM website, one calendar month after The Pitch 2021.
Strictly no photography or filming of any kind can be undertaken at the live virtual judging final on Friday 19 March 2021.
All users must gain written approval/permission via thepitch@cim.co.ukbefore any publication/use of CIM’s brand logo.
CIM reserves the right to cancel, amend, withdraw, terminate or withhold the prizes or temporarily suspend this competition in the event of any unforeseen circumstances outside of its reasonable control, with no liability to any entrants or third parties.
This competition is being run by CIM, Moor Hall, Cookham, Berkshire, SL6 9QH.
If you are found to have breached these Terms and Conditions, your team will be immediately removed from the competition.
Except as expressly provided for in these Terms and Conditions CIM shall not in any circumstances be responsible for indirect damages or loss of any kind, including loss of profit, business or revenue, arising out of or in any way connected with the performance or failure to perform these Terms and Conditions, breach of any express or implied term or warranty, or where the performance of any of our obligations to you is prevented, frustrated or impeded by any circumstance or cause beyond our reasonable control, including without limitation fire, flood, lightning, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, accident to or breakdown of plant, machinery, utilities, computer servers, telecommunications networks or default of suppliers or subcontractors.
CIM does not seek to exclude or limit its liability for death or personal injury arising from its own negligence or for any fraudulent misrepresentation.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed in all respects by English law and you hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
CIM reserves the right to vary these Terms and Conditions from time to time. Such variations become effective immediately upon the posting of the varied Terms and Conditions on www.cim.co.uk/terms-and-conditions.
e-World Marketing Summit
Requests for refunds must be received via email (events.organsier@cim.co.uk) or in writing to CIM Head Office.
Refunds are available up to seven days from the date of booking. No refunds will be offered from 30 October 2020 onwards.
General Terms and Conditions
Library information
Please note that the CIM Information and Library Service does not verify the accuracy of the information it supplies; nor does it undertake any analysis or diagnosis of said information. Diligence and care should be taken when using the information. All services are subject to copyright law.
Liability and indemnity
Except as expressly provided for in these Terms and Conditions we shall not in any circumstances be responsible for indirect damages or loss of any kind, including loss of profit, business or revenue, arising out of or in any way connected with the performance or failure to perform these Terms and Conditions, breach of any express or implied term or warranty, or where the performance of any of our obligations to you is prevented, frustrated or impeded by any circumstance or cause beyond our reasonable control, including without limitation fire, flood, lightning, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, accident to or breakdown of plant, machinery, utilities, computer servers, telecommunications networks or default of suppliers or subcontractors.
We do not seek to exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury arising from our own negligence or for any fraudulent misrepresentation. Subject to this, our liability to you under these Terms and Conditions howsoever caused shall be restricted to the replacement of the item(s) or a full refund of the price as outlined above; our liability to you shall not exceed the total price charged for the items purchased.
Purchase (goods and service)
Click here for CIM terms and conditions of Purchase (Goods and Services).
Severability
If any part of these Terms and Conditions is found to be unenforceable as a matter of law, the enforceability of any other part of these terms and conditions will not be affected.
We reserve the right at any time to make changes to Terms and Conditions and you shall be subject to the terms and conditions in force at the time you order any items from us.
Statutory Rights
These terms and conditions are in addition to your statutory rights as a consumer, which remain unaffected.
Applicable Law
Contracts formed between The Chartered Institute of Marketing and you shall be governed in all respects by English law and you hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Registered Office
The Chartered Institute of MarketingMoor HallCookhamMaidenheadBerkshireSL6 9QHUK
Tel + 44 (0)1628 427500Fax + 44 (0)1628 427499
Registered in England and Wales
Registered Office: RC000886
VAT Registration no: GB302250913
CIM Bookshop Terms and Conditions
Learn more about CIM Bookshop's terms and conditions here
CoBrowse