http://www.nbm.com/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
National Business Media, Inc. (NBM) is a Colorado, USA Corporation. NBM publishes magazines, produces trade shows and educational opportunities, produces various online and electronic media programs, offers various online and in-print marketing programs, and publishes music.
At NBM, your privacy is important to us. We want to keep you informed, and email is one of the ways we are able to effectively do so.
We collect email addresses and other business information from our own online and print sources, as well as various other sources, including but not limited to magazine subscription forms, show registration forms, and order forms related to our various products/services. Any time you provide us with your email address, you are providing us a means of contacting you.
We provide unsubscribe links in every email we send. You may unsubscribe from any publication, marketing, invitation, and/or shows’ email list at any time by simply clicking on that link.
We may exchange email addresses with outside contractors who provide products and services on our behalf.
When you make purchases through NBM, your credit card or other payment information is secure. Other information may also be collected and stored using available electronic technology.
Links to other websites may be contained within the various NBM web pages. NBM is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these websites. By accessing and using NBM electronic services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.
NBM takes all reasonable precautions to insure that your email address information is protected and is used in accordance with the above policy and prevailing best business practices.
National Business Media, Inc. reserves the right to amend or replace this privacy policy as needed.
For additional assistance, please contact our Customer Service Department at 1-800-870-0904 or 303-469-0424 or e-mail. We are open 8:00am - 5:00pm Mountain Time, Monday-Friday, Holidays excluded.
National Business Media, Inc. *
2800 West Midway Blvd.
PO Box 1416
Broomfield, CO 80038
«Back