http://www.spectrumgolf.co.uk/pages/terms
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Contact us - 01527 579142 - andy@spectrumgolf.co.uk
Customer Service
Customer Service
Shipping & Delivery
All of our customised products are done specific to your requirements. Once you place your order and all aspects of the order are agreed we normally should be able to ship out your product in 7 to 10 days. However this is highly dependant on the nature of the order so please discuss this with us on the phone. You may if you wish register on the website so we can notify you by email on the status of your order.
Privacy & Security
All orders online are done under secure conditions. We use SSL encryption.  We do not keep your credit card details on our website at any time. We use a secure card payment gateway via Paymentsense, one of the worlds premier secure onine payment services and we also offer the option to pay by Shop Pay or  credit card processing which is also highly secure.  All your card processing therefore occurs on these sites and not on spectrumgolf.co.uk which we believe is the most secure way for you to buy online.  Remember however if you are unsure or unwilling about paying online we can take payments over the phone.
Returns & Replacements
If your product is faulty please contact us.
Ordering
Please chose the products you wish and provide any sizing information as requested. You must provide your postal details for us to send your products. Please also provide your phone and email so we can contact you. We strongly recommend that you register on the site during checkout so that you can keep track of your order's progress. If you wish to place requests for quotation you should register on the site so that if the quote is acceptable you can submit it as an order
Payment, Pricing & Promotions
Please see privacy and security section above regarding payment.  For pricing we always try to offer the most competive prices we can. We are the manufacturer so we can price competively but please always consider calling us as we are very flexibile and might offer you some product options that are more suitable to your budget that might not be obvious from the website.
Viewing Orders
You can view your orders by registering for an account on the website
Updating Account Information
You account details NOT INCLUDING FINANCIAL DATA are safely stored. You can edit all your account details at any time.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection
×
×
Please Wait...