https://www.callawaygolf.com/customer-service?fid=legal&cid=ad-cookie-policy
on all orders.
Added to Cart!
Legal
Legal
Contact Us
Help
Orders/Shipping
Corporate
Legal
Legal Terms and Conditions
Uxplore Customer Agreement
Linking Guidelines
Patents
Patents Archive
Privacy Policy
Testimonial Disclaimer
Waiver of Rights
Image Use Agreement
Rewards Program Terms and Conditions
Ad and Cookie Policy
Governance
Ad and Cookie Policy
Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies and Online Advertising
(Last updated January 1, 2020)
When you visit or interact with Callaway and our websites, mobile applications and other online features and services (“Sites”), we and our service providers, including third party advertising and analytics companies, may use several common tracking tools that collect information, including personal information, about you and your use of the Sites, over time and across different websites.
Table of Contents
Tracking tools we use
We use tracking tools for a variety of reasons
We engage in interest-based advertising
Third Parties Who Set Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Through the Sites
You can control certain tracking tools
You can opt-out of online behavioral advertising
Tracking tools we use
We use the following methods to automatically collect information from visitors to our Sites:
Cookies.  Cookies are small data files that download onto your computer or other device when you visit the Site or otherwise access our online content on certain websites. Cookies may be used for many purposes. We use both session cookies (which are deleted when you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which remain on your computer after the browser has been closed).
To learn more, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
Web Beacons.  Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “pixel tags,” “1x1 GIFs,” or “clear GIFs” may be included in our web pages and email messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or email can act as a web beacon.  Web beacons and similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Sites, to monitor how users navigate the Sites, to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular links were actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts.  An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites, such as the links you click on.  The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our server or a third-party service provider, is only active while you are connected to one of the Sites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
We use tracking technologies for a variety of reasons.
We may use the information collected automatically through the Sites in order to:
track visitors to our websites;
recognize past visitors and customers and remember preferences;
store your password if you are registered on our site;
integrate with third party social media websites;
store your password if you are registered on our website;
facilitate your purchases;
serve you with advertising content in which we think you will be interested (see below for more information);
understand the effectiveness of our advertisements and conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you;
prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times;
combine information we have collected about you from multiple sources;
better understand our audience, our customers, our website visitors, and their respective interests.
We engage in interest-based advertising.
We and our partners display interest-based advertising using information gathered about you over time across multiple websites or other platforms (including websites and apps). Third parties, including advertising and analytics companies, set their own cookies and similar tracking technologies on the Sites.  We and  third parties might link information automatically through cookies and other tracking technologies to your name or email address or other information, including past purchases made offline or online.
Interest-based advertising or “online behavioral advertising” includes ads served to you after you leave our website, encouraging you to return. They also include ads we think are relevant based on your browsing habits or online activities. These ads might be served on third-party websites or on apps. They might also be served in emails. We might serve these ads, or third parties may serve ads. They might be about our products or other companies’ products.
Third Parties Who Set Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Through the Sites.
The third parties who may use tracking technologies on the Sites include:
Acuity: We use Acuity to allow consumers to schedule fittings at retail, as well as our Distance Fitting experience.
AppNexus: AppNexus is a display advertising exchange that we use to manage and optimize our display advertising activity. AppNexus tools help us to facilitate the buying and selling of media advertising inventory through this online exchange. For more information about how to opt-out of AppNexus cookies, you can go here.
BazaarVoice: We use BazaarVoice to track product purchases as well as non-transactional events across our sites.
Bing Ads: Bing Ads allows us to have our advertisements appear at the top of the results page for certain search engines. This helps us direct users to our website.
Partnerize : We use Partnerize to manage our affiliate marketing program.
Cquotient: We use Cquotient to personalize user experiences.
DoubleClick: DoubleClick allows us to capture and report on the actions of users who visit our website after viewing or clicking on one of our paid search ads. This allows us to determine the effectiveness of our online campaigns in terms of both sales and user activity on our sites.
Dynamic Yield: This is used to personalize your experience onsite.
Facebook Connect: We use this technology to allow users to share their experiences with our apps and websites on Facebook.  For example, we may collect your browser information, demographic data, and interaction data.
Facebook Custom Audience and Facebook Pixel: We use Facebook Custom Audience and Pixel to deliver ads on Facebook to a certain group of users.
Facebook Impressions: We use Facebook Impressions to track the number of people that interact with our content on Facebook.
Google AdWords Conversion: We use conversion tracking to help us understand how effective our digital campaigns are.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use our website.  Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about the use of the Sites and report on activities and trends. For example, we collect details of the site where the visitor has come from and the total number of times a visitor has been to our website. Google Analytics may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
LiveChat: We use LiveChat to provide customer support via chat.
LiveRamp: We use LiveRamp to link and combine information relating to individuals from multiple sources.
Media Math: MediaMath is a tool that we use to optimize the effectiveness of our advertising.
SteelHouse Media: We use SteelHouse to build, manage and optimize our display advertising activities.
Turn: Turn is a display advertising exchange that we use to manage and optimize our display advertising activity.
You can control certain tracking tools
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies.  How you do so depends on the type of cookie.  Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies.  To find out more about how to enable, disable, or delete cookies from your web browser, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.  To control flash cookies, which we may use on certain websites from time to time, you can go http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html.  Why?  Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings.
Our Do Not Track Policy: Some browsers have “Do Not Track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. There is no standard definition or application of “Do Not Track” at this time. Callaway uses commercially reasonable efforts to detect and process “Do Not Track” signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
If you block cookies, certain features on our sites may not work.  If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop.
Certain options you select are browser and device specific.
For information on opting out from certain third party uses of your information for online advertising purposes please see the section below.
You can opt-out of online behavioral advertising.
While we may use a variety of service providers to perform advertising and analytics services, some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising, which provides consumers with the ability to opt-out of having their online behavior recorded and used for advertising purposes. You can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, which provides information about targeting advertising and the “opt-out” procedures of NAI members. You may also visit http://optout.aboutads.info, which provides information about targeted advertising and offers an “opt-out” by participating companies in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program. You may also learn more and make choices about interest-based advertisements from participating third parties in jurisdictions outside of the United States at the Canadian DAA choice page at http://youradchoices.ca/choices and the European DAA online choice page at http://youronlinechoices.eu/ and the Australian DAA online choices page at https://www.youronlinechoices.com.au.
For mobile apps, you may be able to limit certain advertising practices using the settings on your phone, tablet, or other mobile device. Also, on most mobile devices, you can install the DAA’s AppChoices app to make choices about cross-app interest-based advertisements from participating parties. You may review additional information on opting out of mobile devices at http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice/.
If you are a California resident, please see our “California Privacy Notice” regarding additional rights you may have.
Please note that opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads while online.
30-Day Money Back Guarantee
Not Satisfied? Return Your Product for a Refund.
Easy Payments
Make Easy Payments Over 3,6 or 12 Months
Free Shipping & Returns
*Free Ground Shipping on All Orders
No promo or coupon codes are required
Only valid with UPS Ground
Shipping discounts will automatically apply
Sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with GMC promo coupons or any type of Shopping Spree gift cards.
This offer excludes custom logo orders.
*Free 2-Day Shipping On Orders Over $200
Free 2-Day Shipping On Orders Over $200
No promo or coupon codes are required
Shipping discounts will automatically apply when you reach the $200 threshold and select UPS 2 Business Day shipping
Sorry, this free shipping offer is not valid in conjunction with GMC promo coupons or any type of Shopping Spree gift cards.
This offer excludes custom logo orders and shipping to Hawaii or Alaska.
Free Return Shipping
Callaway Golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. If you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of shipment for a full refund of the product price.
If product is unused the refund will credit back to your original payment method.
If product has been used the refund will be in the form of a CallawayGolf.com Gift Card with no expiration date.
In either case a Return Merchandise Authorization(RMA) is required. To obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) and your
FREE UPS Return Shipping Label, please contact a Sales and Customer Service Representative toll free at
1-877-723-5218 or
email us.
Still not a member of Callaway Rewards? Join & start earning points.
Join Today
*No coupon code required. In some instances, items will ship when they become available, not necessarily when the order is placed. Free shipping available only to addresses within the contiguous US.
Close
2-Year Warranty
Callaway Products are Backed for Two Years
Warranty Coverage: Except as otherwise stated on the product or packaging, Callaway Golf Company warrants its golf clubs, components, and other products purchased from an authorized Callaway Golf retailer or distributor to be free of defects in material and workmanship for two years. Callaway Golf will, without charge to the consumer, repair or replace any product or component or part thereof that is defective or becomes defective during normal use within two years after the date of purchase from an authorized Callaway Golf retailer or distributor. At its option, Callaway Golf may replace the product with a new or refurbished product. Callaway Golf does not warrant its products against damage caused by third parties. This warranty does not cover paint scratches, cosmetic blemishes or other normal wear and tear. Callaway Golf will fix such blemishes and scratches, however, for a fee. To obtain warranty service in the United States on a complete Callaway Golf product, return the product to a Callaway Golf authorized retailer or directly to Callaway Golf. In the case of a Callaway Golf component, you must obtain warranty service through an authorized Callaway Golf retailer of that component. Outside of the United States, all warranty service must be obtained from the distributor or subsidiary in the country in which the club was purchased. To determine the Callaway Golf authorized retailer, distributor or subsidiary nearest you, check our website at www.callawaygolf.com or contact Callaway Golf directly. In California call collect 760-931-1771; outside California call toll free 1-800-588-9836.
Disclaimer: This warranty is in lieu of all other express warranties. Callaway Golf disclaims all warranties for products that are purchased from sellers other than authorized retailers or distributors, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. Callaway Golf also disclaims any implied warranty, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose, and assumes no responsibility for any special, incidental, or consequential damages as to all products and components. Callaway Golf further disclaims any implied or express warranty of, and assumes no responsibility for, defects in workmanship caused by third parties. This warranty gives the consumer specific legal rights; a consumer may have other rights depending upon where he or she lives. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of special, incidental or consequential damages, or limitations on how long a warranty lasts, so the above exclusion and limitations may not apply to everyone. Outside of the United States, local taxes, tariffs or shipping charges may apply. This warranty does not apply to Callaway Golf® or Odyssey® golf clubs purchased in Australia or New Zealand on or after January 1, 2011. For warranty information for purchases made in Australia and New Zealand on or after that date, see the South Pacific warranty. The above warranty also does not apply to upro gps devices or accessories.
Close
30-Day Money Back Guarantee
Not Satisfied? Return Your Product for a Refund.
Returns/Exchanges For Online Purchases
Callaway Golf wants you to be fully satisfied with every item you purchase. If you are not satisfied with the item you have purchased, you may return it within 30 days of shipment for a full refund of the product price.
If product is unused the refund will credit back to your original payment method.
If product has been used the refund will be in the form of a CallawayGolf.com Gift Card with no expiration date.
In either case a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) is required. To obtain your RMA and your FREE UPS Return Shipping Label, please contact a Sales and Customer Service Representative toll free at 1-877-723-5218 or email us.
Credit Card Refunds
On returns, we can only credit the credit card used for the original purchase. Please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement.
Gift Card Refunds
On returns, we can only credit the gift card used for the original purchase. Please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your statement.
Close
Your Order Status
Order Status
Order Number
Order Number
Zip Code
Check Status
Reset Your Password
Reset Password
Provide your email address below and we will send you a new password shortly.
Email Address
Send Password
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Help
Contact Us
Order Status
Find a Store
FAQs
Warranty Info
Counterfeit Warning
Return Policy
Payment/Shipping Options
Trade-In! Trade-Up!
Become An Affiliate
Corporate
Our Brands
About Us
Press Center
Investor Relations
Careers
Military Appreciation
Accessibility Statement
Callaway Golf Foundation
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Ad and Cookie Policy
Testimonial Disclaimer
Corporate Social Responsibility
Environmental Responsibility
Change Your Region
USA
Australia
Canada
China
Europe
India
Japan
Korea
Latin America
New Zealand
2180 Rutherford Road - Carlsbad, CA 92008
1-877-723-5218
© 2020 Callaway Golf Company. All rights reserved.