http://www.acousa.com/privacy
Search
ACO, INC. Privacy Notice ScopeThis Privacy Notice applies to information, including personal information, collected about you by ACO, INC.We collect information about you from a variety of sources, including:
Information we collect from you directly.
Information we collect about you when you visit our site, use our services, or view our online advertisements.
Information we collect about you from other sources, such as commercially available sources.All the information we collect about you may be combined to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop world-class products and services. Uses / Information SharingWe use the information we collect to provide the products and services you request, to tell you about other products and services offered by ACO, INC., and to manage our sites and services. In general, we do not share your personal information with third-party marketers, unless we have asked for and obtained your explicit consent. We may share your information with our third-party service suppliers, including those who work on behalf of ACO, INC. and our business partners to send you joint communications that we hope you find of interest.
If a ACO, INC. brand is sold to another company, to protect and defend the right and property of ACO, INC. (including enforcing our Terms and Conditions) when required by law, and / or public authorities, we give you choices about how we communicate with you. You can stop receiving promotional email or postal communications from a particular ACO, INC. brand or program through this Privacy Notice.Please click here to learn how to complete your request. Important Information ACO, INC. is committed to working with our customers to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy.ACO, INC. complies with country data protection laws.We cooperate with country data protection authorities if they believe a privacy problem has occurred. How to Contact Us To contact us with a question click here or write to us at: ACO, INC. Global Privacy TeamP.O. Box 12067Casa Grande, AZ 85130ACO, INC. Terms and Conditions of Sale