http://www.tahitiannoni.com/en-us/terms-conditions
Thank you for your interest in our products. Please fill out the form below to request the product in your market and be notified when it is available.
First Name
Last Name
Email
There was an error. Please try again.
Did you mean ?
NO
YES
This email is invalid.
Would you like to use it anyways?
NO
YES
Request Product
Terms and Conditions of Use
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
These General Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) are applicable to any use of the website, www.newagebev.com (“Website”), to any services available on the Website and to any and all offers, orders and agreements connected therewith (“Services”).
All products on this website are intended for legal use and may not be used, or discussed in a manner that is illegal. As the consumer, it is your responsibility to know your local, state and federal laws before making your purchase. It is illegal to use drug paraphernalia slang when referring to one of our products. If you do, you will be denied service as required by law, any communication that includes the use of such illegal terms will not be answered by us and will be deleted from our system without notice. Also, any governmental employee, agency, or agent must identify themselves to the operators of NABC, Inc. upon their entering the site, and when ordering any products from our site. NABC, Inc.
It is your sole responsibility to know your state and local laws regarding purchasing online. Although this site may be linked to other sites, NABC, Inc. (via www.newagebev.com) is not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with the linked site, unless specifically stated therein. By entering this site you acknowledge and agree that NABC, Inc. (via www.newagebev.com) has not reviewed all the sites linked to this site and is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other site linked to this site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
By entering this site you acknowledge and agree that this site will only be construed and evaluated according to United States law. If you use this site from other locations, you are responsible for compliance with any and all applicable local laws. NABC, Inc. (via www.newagebev.com) makes no representations that the materials contained within this site are appropriate for locations outside the United States. Any and all information contained in this site, including but not limited to information related to products and services, applies only to those provided or offered in the United States. NABC, Inc. reserves the right to refuse service/goods.
For international orders, NABC, Inc. (via www.newagebev.com) does not guarantee that customs will not confiscate the products ordered by you. If in the unlikely event your package is confiscated, we will not refund any payments to you, and a reshipment of your order will not be possible. You are solely responsible for knowing the import restrictions on any of the products that you order and that may apply in your country of delivery.
NABC, Inc. may revise and update these Terms of Use at any time. Your continued usage of the Website after any changes to these Terms of Use will mean you accept those changes. Any aspect of the Website may be changed, supplemented, deleted or updated without notice at the sole discretion of NABC, Inc. (via www.newagebev.com).
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to: text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of NABC, Inc. The collective work includes works that are licensed to NABC, Inc. Copyright 2017, NABC, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with NABC, Inc. or purchasing NABC, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with NABC, Inc. or to purchase NABC, Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized NABC, Inc. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of NABC, Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of NABC, Inc.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, NABC, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. NABC, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. NABC, Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
NABC, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if NABC, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a NABC, Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, NABC, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. NABC, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, NABC, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by NABC, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
NABC, Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to NABC, Inc.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the United States of America, without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of NABC, Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in the United States. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of NABC, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. NABC, Inc. ‘s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. NABC, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. NABC, Inc. in its sole discretion, reserves the right to: (1) change this Legal Statement; (2) monitor and remove postings; and (3) discontinue site availability at any time without notice. If any term, condition, or provision of this Legal Statement is determined to be unlawful, invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of their remaining terms, conditions, and provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired. This Legal Statement constitutes the entire agreement between you and NABC, Inc. relating to the subject matter in this Legal Statement.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a NABC, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
NABC, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, NABC, Inc.
is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, NABC, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to NABC, Inc. in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless NABC, Inc. its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, NABC, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with NABC, Inc. , NABC, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of NABC, Inc. . These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, NABC, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
PLEASE EXIT THIS SITE IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE CONDITIONS.
Live Healthy.
Newage.com
uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. You can view our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy for more info.
Accept All Cookies
Manage Cookies
This website uses cookies to remember users and understand ways to enhance their experience.
Some cookies are essential, others help s improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is used for more
inforamtion please visit our cookie and privacy policy pages.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essenitial for enabling user movement around our website and providing access to features such as
your profile and purchases, member-only resources, and other secure areas of the website. These cookies do not gather information about you that could
be used for marketing purposes and do not remember where you have been on the internet. This category of cookies cannot be disabled.
Analytics Cookies
Turn Off Cookies
Turn On Cookies
We use Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use our website. These cookies collect information in the aggregate to give us insight into how our website is being used. We anonymize IP addresses in Google Analytics, and the anonymized data is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Marketing Cookies
Turn Off Cookies
Turn On Cookies
We also use a marketing database management program that deploys a cookie when a user interacts with a marketing communication, such as marketing email or marketing-based landing page on our website. This cookie collects personal information such as your name, which pages you visit on our website, your history arriving at our website, your purchases from the IAPP, and the like. Collected inforatmion is used to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns or to provide better targeting for marketing.