https://www.entrustmt.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last Updated May 25, 2018
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected through this website (“Site”) and how that information is used and shared. This Privacy Policy also explains:
Your rights and choices regarding your personal information.
How we communicate changes to this Privacy Policy.
The security procedures in place to help protect the misuse of your personal information.
How you can contact us to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information or regarding questions or issues with respect to anything contained in this Privacy Policy.
Entrust Manufacturing Technologies, Inc. (together with its affiliates, “Entrust,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) and its suppliers may collect or receive the types of information described below in connection with your access to and use of the Site (together, “Collected Information”).
By accessing or using the Site, you (“you”) agree on behalf of yourself and any company that you represent (together, “you”) that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact us using the contact information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Updates
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. All updates will be effective immediately upon posting to the Site. Material changes will be conspicuously posted on the Site or otherwise communicated to you.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
The information that we may collect from or about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you voluntarily provide to us, for example, your contact information.
Information that we collect through your use of the Site, for example, data collected by the servers used to operate the Site (e.g., IP addresses), data collected by cookies, and data collected by analytics and advertising services.
Information You Voluntarily Provide to Us
Contact Information. You can visit and use the Site without voluntarily sharing your personal information with us, but you will be required to provide your contact information to request a quote or other information or services from Entrust via the Site. We will collect any contact information from or about you that you choose to submit to us, which may include your name, email address, physical address, and telephone number. For example, you must provide your contact information to Entrust: when you request spare parts or services, in receiving and fulfilling information requests, when you submit a job application, and when you respond to communications from us (e.g., surveys and promotional offers).
We will use your contact information as described below, including to communicate with you in connection with your requests and to provide you with information and communications that you request or that we believe are relevant or may be of interest to you, subject in each case to your communications preferences, applicable laws, and the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you provide your mobile or other telephone number to us, you consent to receiving telephone calls from us at that telephone number as described below.
Information We Collect When You Opt In to Marketing Communications. If you sign up or otherwise opt in to receive promotions from us, you will need to submit your email address. We will use this information to provide you with promotional and other electronic communications. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the applicable email. We may use third-party email providers to deliver these communications to you.
Career Opportunities. To submit a job application to us for opportunities posted on the Site, you will be redirected to our online job applications portal and you may be required to create an account on that third-party website. Job applications submitted through that portal will be shared with Entrust. We encourage you to review that portal’s privacy policy. We may use your job application to evaluate your qualifications and to otherwise consider or respond to your application for employment. Your submission of a job application does not in any way require Entrust to review that application or consider you for employment.
Information We Collect Through Your Use of the Site
IP Addresses, Location Data, and Related Data. When you visit or use the Site, we may automatically collect certain information from your device. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws. Specifically, the servers used to operate and provide the Site may collect data pertaining to you and the equipment, software, and communication methods you use to access the Internet and the Site, including Internet protocol (“IP”) addresses assigned to the computers and other devices from where you access the Internet, your Internet service provider (ISP), your device ID number, your approximate geographic location, your browser type, the pages you access on the Site, the websites you access before and after visiting the Site, the length of time you spend on the Site, date and time stamps, and clickstream data.
Entrust may use this information to administer the Site and its servers, to generate statistical information, to monitor and analyze Site traffic and usage patterns, to monitor and help prevent fraud, to investigate complaints and violations of our policies, and to improve the Site’s content and the products, services, materials, and other content that we describe or make available through the Site (see also how we use Google Analytics as described below). We may combine this information with other Collected Information (including personal information) and information obtained from third parties for the purposes discussed below. The suppliers that we use to provide the Site may collect information about your visits to the Site and other websites. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technologies as explained further below under “Cookies.”
Location Information. In addition to the approximate geographic location information collected as discussed above, we may, with your consent, access more specific location information to enhance the user experience and increase the usefulness of the Site. This includes both geographical location information that you input using the Site (e.g., when you enter your physical address) and, as applicable, geographical location information collected by device-based location services (including GPS data). You may choose to allow us to access your location by granting the Site access to your location when prompted or through your device’s location services settings. Entrust uses the Google Maps API(s). Pursuant to the Google Maps APIs Terms of Service, use of this location feature is also subject to Google’s Privacy Policy. For information on how Google categorizes location information, please visit Types of location data used by Google. Both the Google Terms of Service and Google’s Privacy Policy are incorporated into this Privacy Policy by this reference.
Cookies. The Site automatically uses cookies to track your use of the Site in order facilitate and enhance the user experience on the Site and for other purposes as described in more detail in our Cookie Policy, which is incorporated into this Privacy Policy. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored on your device’s hard drive by your browser. The Site may use both cookies that we implement and cookies implemented by our suppliers and other third parties. We use cookies to track how you access and use the Site, to learn when and how users visit the Site, to learn how popular Site pages are and aren’t, to learn which search terms are used to find the Site, and to learn which websites direct you to the Site. We also use cookies to help display certain information on the Site and to improve your enjoyment of the Site, for example, by remembering your contact and other information when you access or use the Site. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can disable this function, but disabling cookies may impact your use and enjoyment of the Site. Our Site suppliers may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as pixel tags, to track Site visitors across the Internet to understand how you get to the Site. We do not have access or control over these cookies and this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of third-party cookies. Due to this automatic collection of data using cookies, we do not honor “do not track” requests.
Analytics. The Site uses third-party analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics) to collect and process data (including personal information) about your use of the Site, including when you visit the Site, URLs of the websites that you visit prior to visiting the Site and when you visit those websites, and IP addresses assigned to the devices from where you access the Internet. Visitors from the EU may reference Google’s EU User Consent Policy. Our analytics providers may set and read cookies to collect this data and your web browser will automatically send data collected by those cookies to our analytics providers. Our analytics providers use this data to provide us with reports that we will use to improve the Site’s structure and content. For more information on how Google uses this data, visit Google’s Privacy Policy and Google’s page on How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps. To prevent this data from being used by Google Analytics, follow the instructions to download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for each web browser you use. Using the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on will not prevent Entrust from using other analytics tools and will not prevent data from being sent to the Site itself or to Google. For more information about how Google Analytics uses cookies to measure user interactions on websites, visit Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites. You may disable cookies as discussed above, but that may impact your use and enjoyment of the Site.
Advertising Networks, Personalized Advertising, Remarketing, and Retargeting. From time to time the Site may use or participate in advertising networks and related advertising services that are managed and provided by third-party advertising servers, advertising agencies, technology vendors, and research firms. These services collect information about your visits to and interactions with the Site and other websites and will use that information to target advertisements for goods and services. The information collected may be associated with your personal information. These targeted advertisements may appear on the Site or on other websites. Advertising networks often gather data about consumers who view advertisements to make inferences about a consumer’s interests and preferences, which enables their computers to deliver advertisements directly targeted to the consumer’s specific interests. This practice is often referred to as “online behavioral advertising.” For example, a third-party advertising network might collect the type of Internet browser you use, the type of computer operating system you use, the domain name of a website you visit, whether or not you visit specific pages of the Site and other websites, the location of your Internet service provider, the date and time of a visit to a website, and other interactions between you and a website.
To opt out of remarketing advertising provided through Google, to customize your ad preferences, or to limit Google’s collection or use this information, visit Google’s Safety Center and Google’s Ad Settings and follow Google’s personalized ad opt-out instructions. Opting out will not affect your use of the Site.
To change your preferences with respect to certain online ads and to obtain more information about third-party ad networks and online behavioral advertising, please visit the National Advertising Initiative Consumer opt-out page or the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program. Please remember that changing your settings with individual browsers or ad networks will not necessarily carry over to other browsers or ad networks. As a result, depending on the opt-outs you request, you may still see our ads from time to time.
Embedded Content. The Site may incorporate content, including feeds scripts embedded in the Site’s code and visible content (for example, videos), provided by third parties. In some cases, those third parties collect data about how you interact with their content. For example, Vimeo may collect or otherwise have access to usage data on videos embedded on the Site as described in the Vimeo.com Privacy Policy.
Entrust’s Social Media Pages. Entrust is active on social media, including Facebook and LinkedIn. You have the opportunity to comment on those social media platforms regarding Entrust and the products and services we offer. Entrust reserves the rights to post on its websites and social media pages any comments or content that you post on our social media pages.
How We Use and Share Collected Information
In addition to the uses and sharing described above, Entrust and its suppliers may use and disclose Collected Information as described below. We do not use, sell, rent, or otherwise disclose Collected Information except as stated in this Privacy Policy and as permitted by applicable law.
Purpose Collected & Communication With You. We will use and share your personal information and other Collected Information for the purpose for which it was collected, for example, to process and respond to your requests for quotes or other information. If you submit a request for services or spare parts to us, we will share that information with our applicable sales team(s) or sales representative(s). In accordance with your preferences, your location information will be used to understand where Site users are located. If you contact us for support or assistance in using the Site, we may use Collected Information to determine whether or not your system meets the minimum requirements needed to access and use the Site and otherwise to contact you regarding your request.
We may use Collected Information to notify you of changes made to the Site (for example, changes to this Privacy Policy) and, if you sign up or otherwise opt in to receive promotions from us, to send you promotional materials and other communications as described above. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the applicable email or by contacting us using the contact information provided below under “Contact Us.” If you provide us with your telephone number, we may call you at that telephone number in response to your questions or comments.
Evaluation and Improvement of the Site, User Demographics, and Aggregation. We may use and disclose Collected Information: to analyze, develop, and improve the content, materials, products, and services that we make available (including the Site); to inform marketing and communication plans and strategies; to understand the Site’s demographics and user preferences; and to evaluate Site user needs and customize Site content, promotional emails, and users’ browsing experience. We may also aggregate personal information and other Collected Information to create aggregate data on Site users that describes users as a group but does not reveal the identity of individual users. We may use aggregate data to understand Site users’ needs, to determine Site user demographics and usage patterns, to determine what kinds of products and services we can provide, and to improve and enrich our products, our services, and the Site.
Relatedly, we may provide aggregate information about our customers, Site users, Site traffic patterns, and related information to our affiliates and other third parties. We may also combine Collected Information with other information in our possession, such as information pertaining to orders you have placed with us or our sales groups, for purposes of using information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Security and Protection of Rights. We may use Collected Information and share it with third parties to the extent permitted by applicable law, including in the event of a subpoena, court order, or law enforcement request. Entrust will use Collected Information and share it with third parties if we believe doing so is necessary to operate the Site or to protect our rights or the rights of others, including disclosing information necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action in the event of a violation of our contracts, terms, or policies.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We describe above some specific ways that we share your data. However, unless you give us your permission, we generally will not share your personal information with third parties except as described below.
Business Transfers. We are the sole owners of Collected Information. We may choose to buy or sell assets from time to time. We may share Collected Information in connection with the evaluation of those transactions. We may transfer Collected Information if we enter into those transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control or reorganization, personal information and other Collected Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Third-Party Suppliers and Consultants. We may disclose your personal information and other Collected Information to our affiliates, third-party service providers, suppliers, consultants, agents, distributors, sales representatives, resellers, and other partners (including Site management and hosting suppliers, marketing and public relations service providers, and email service suppliers) that provide data processing services to us (e.g., to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of the Site or our products or services) or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or communicated to you when we collect your personal information. Our suppliers are authorized to and may use and disclose Collected Information as necessary for them to provide the applicable services to us and as provided by their own privacy policies as noted above.
To Protect Entrust and Others. We may share your personal information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services, and other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes, including: (a) to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process; (b) to perform credit checks, report or collect debts owed; (c) to protect the rights and property of Entrust, its agents and customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms and to protect our network and physical assets; and (d) to protect the safety of our employees, agents, and customers, and any other person.
With Your Consent. With your consent, we may share your personal information in ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information (EEA Only)
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so; (b) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g., to deliver services you have requested); or (c) where the processing is in our or a third party’s legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and will advise you whether or not the provision of your personal information is mandatory, as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information. Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our or a third party’s legitimate interests that are not already described in this Privacy Policy, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided further below provided below under “Contact Us.”
International Transfers of Your Personal Information
In operating the Site, your personal information may be transferred to, stored in, and processed in countries other than the country in which you are resident. Those countries may have data protection laws that are different from those of your country and, in some cases, may not be as protective. Specifically, our website servers and some of our service providers are located in the United States and our affiliated companies and third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in other countries. Entrust has, however, taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information Security
Entrust does not guarantee that loss, misuse, or alteration of Collected Information will not occur, but we have appropriate technical and organizational security measures in place to help protect information under our control against loss, misuse, and alteration.
The storage and communication of information can never be completely secure, so we do not guarantee that communications or other information that you submit or that are otherwise provided to us will be completely secure. If you become aware of any breach of Site security or this Privacy Policy, please notify us at info@entrustmt.com immediately. If our security system is breached, we will notify you of the breach only if and to the extent required under applicable law.
How Long We Retain Your Personal Information
We will retain your personal information for as long as is needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (e.g., tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if that is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in back-up archives), we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
With regard to personal information collected using Google Analytics as discussed above, that information will be retained without expiration.
For personal information that we process on behalf of our customers, we will retain that personal information in accordance with the terms of our agreement with them, subject to applicable law.
Your Rights and Choices Regarding Your Personal Information
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at info@entrustmt.com.
In addition, if you are a resident of the European Union, you can object to the processing of your personal information, you can ask us to restrict processing of your personal information, and you can request portability of your personal information. You can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact information provided below under “Contact Us.”
You have the right to opt out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt out of other forms of marketing, such as postal marketing or telemarketing, if applicable, then please contact us using the contact information provided below under “Contact Us.”
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information please contact your local data protection authority. Contact information for data protection authorities in the EEA, Switzerland, and certain non-European countries (including the United States and Canada) are available here.
For details on how to manage your preferences for cookies and tracking technologies within your web browser, please read the information provided above under “Cookies.”
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Access by Children
The Site is not directed at children under 16 years of age. Entrust does not knowingly collect or use information from children under 16 through the Site. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us through the Site, please contact us at info@entrustmt.com and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information.
Third-Party Websites
The Site may link to, or be linked to, websites not maintained or controlled by Entrust. Entrust is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third parties or any third-party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites or to any personal or other information that you may provide to third parties. You should read the privacy policy for each website that you visit.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, contact us by email at info@entrustmt.com, by telephone at 262-252-3802, or by mail at N58W14630 Shawn Circle, Menomonee Falls, WI 53051, USA.
Alternatively, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at the following contact details: Scott Jacobson, info@entrustmt.com.