http://www.kees.com/legal
Legal CHANGESTo maintain KEES' policy of continuous product development, we reserve the right to change prices, specifications, ratings and dimensions without notice or obligation.PRODUCT WARRANTYKEES Incorporated warrants its products to be free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of one year from the date of purchase. Any products which prove to be defective during the warranty period will be repaired or replaced at our option when returned to our factory, shipping prepaid. KEES will not be responsible for any installation or removal costs, any consequential damages or other costs. Fan motors are warranted by the motor manufacturer. Contact KEES for the specifics of motor fan warranty if required.PRIVACY NOTICEThis privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for kees.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (920) 876-3391 or via email kees@kees.com.CookiesWe may use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.If you decline the use of "cookies", your information will not be tracked when you visit this website. Just a single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your cookie preference.LinksThis website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.Surveys & Contests From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.Our website uses cookies on your computer. These are used to collect information about how you interact with it allowing us to remember you. We use this information in order to give you a better browsing experience and for analytics and metrics on the files available. Please read our Legal page to know more about it. If you decline, just a single cookie will save in your browser to remember your cookie preference.AcceptDecline