http://www.laurasleanbeef.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Like most websites, we use cookies and/or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the 'do we use cookies?' section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
To send periodic email newsletters.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of providing the service requested.
The email address you provide may be used to send you occasional promotional messages, company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include unsubscribe instructions at the top of each email.
DO WE USE COOKIES?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party promotions or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
CHILDRENS ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLY
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
Laura's Lean
1792 Alysheba Way, Suite 350
Lexington, KY 40509
customers@laurasleanbeef.com
1-800-ITS-LEAN (1-800-487-5326)