http://www.lifesize.com/en/company/legal-notices
Trademark Acknowledgements
The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on this web site and in all documents accessible from this site are the property of Lifesize or other third parties. Lifesize®, the Lifesize logo, and the following trademarks are the property of Lifesize. Please note that this listing may not include all Lifesize trademarks and may be updated from time to time.
Lifesize® Bridge™
Lifesize® Camera 10x™
Lifesize® Camera 200™
Lifesize® ClearSea™
Lifesize® Connections™
Lifesize® Control™
Lifesize® Digital MicPod™
Lifesize® Express 220™
Lifesize® Focus™
Lifesize® Icon 600™
Lifesize® Icon™ Series
Lifesize® LRS1000™ for Microsoft® Lync®
Lifesize® MicPod™
Lifesize® Networker™
Lifesize® Passport™
Lifesize® Phone™
Lifesize® Phone™, 2nd Generation
Lifesize® Room 220i™
Lifesize® Room 220™
Lifesize® Softphone™
Lifesize® Team 220™
Lifesize® 220™ Series
Lifesize® Unity 1000™
Lifesize® Unity 2000™
Lifesize® Unity 500™
Lifesize® Unity 50™
Lifesize® Unity™ Series
Lifesize® UVC Access™
Lifesize® UVC Manager™
Lifesize® UVC Multipoint™
Lifesize® UVC Platform™
Lifesize® UVC Transit™ Client
Lifesize® UVC Transit™ Server
Lifesize® UVC Video Center™
Lifesize® UVC Video Engine™ for Microsoft® Lync™
Lifesize® Virtual Link™
All other trademarks are the properties of their respective owners.
Discontinued Solutions
Lifesize® Conference 220™
Lifesize® Desktop™
LGExecutive, powered by Lifesize®
Lifesize® Passport Connect™
Patent Notices
Lifesize products are protected by one or more patents or patent pending applications in the United States, Europe, and other countries. Browse Lifesize Patent Notices
TERMS OF SERVICE ­Lifesize Cloud
Lifesize Cloud is simply the best way
for your entire organization to connect over video when you need to get
business done. We can better serve you by ensuring
that you are aware of and understand the Terms of Service to which you
consent in using Lifesize Cloud service. Please take a moment to read
these Terms of Service.
Lifesize Terms & Conditions for eCommerce
Purchases made through Lifesize’s e-Commerce site are subject to additional terms and conditions. Read Lifesize’s e-Commerce Terms for On-Line Purchases.
Lifesize Terms & Conditions for Rooms as a Service
Read the details of Lifesize's Rooms as a Service Terms and Conditions.
SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT
Read the details of the Lifesize Cloud Extreme Support Service Level Agreement
GDPR Data Processing Agreement
When necessary, Lifesize executes its Data Processing Addendum with customers in order to facilitate cross-border transfers of data through the use of our service and to otherwise comply with regulatory requirements.
Check out the following links to find the most recent Data Processing Addendum as well as a list of our authorized data subprocessors:
Data Processing Addendum
Lifesize Data Subprocessors
Environmental Compliance Documents
Find environmental compliance documents like China RoHS for various Lifesize products. Browse Environmental Compliance Documents
End User License Agreements
Find the End User License Agreement for all Lifesize hardware products and the End User License Agreements specific to Lifesize Desktop and Lifesize Control. Browse End User License Agreements
Acceptable Use Policy
At Lifesize, we are committed to delivering Services in a manner that maintains your trust and confidence,
and that reflects our core value of acting with integrity. In return, we trust that you will use the Services
responsibly. To learn more read our Acceptable Use Policy.
Declarations of Conformity
Find the Declarations of Conformity for the various Lifesize Products for FCC, EU, and Singapore. Browse Declarations of Conformity
Safety and Regulatory Notices
Find the Safety and Regulatory Notices for all Lifesize products. Browse Safety and Regulatory Notices
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to Lifesize. We strive to keep your personal information confidential. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand the Lifesize Online Privacy Policy, we can provide you with better service. Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your personal information. Read Lifesize Privacy Policy
Disclaimers
Lifesize has made every effort to ensure that the information contained on this site or in documents accessible from this site are accurate and reliable, but assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions. Information on this site or in documents accessible from this site are subject to change without notice. Companies, names, and data used in examples herein are fictitious unless noted.
Third Party Licenses
Find Third Party Licenses for all Lifesize products. Browse Third Party Licenses
WEEE Country Compliance
Lifesize is committed to fulfilling its social and environmental responsibilities as a global corporate citizen. As a manufacturer, these responsibilities include ensuring that our products are safely and efficiently manufactured and properly disposed of according to WEEE compliance. Read WEEE Country Compliance
Cookie Compliance
Our site uses "cookies," small text files that can be read by a web server in the domain that put the cookie on your hard drive. To learn more read our Cookie Compliance and Management page.
Notice to Alabama Customers
Lifesize collects the simplified sellers use tax on transaction(s) delivered into Alabama and the tax is remitted on the customer’s behalf to the Alabama Department of Revenue.
Lifesize, Inc.’s program account number is SSU-R010188400.
About
Management
Awards
News
Business, Technology, Interoperability, & Reseller Partners
Reseller Partner Program
Locate a Reseller
Become a Reseller
Legal
Careers
The Clear Choice for Your Video Conferencing Needs! Free Trial
Free Downloads
8 Reasons Why Your Business Needs Video ConferencingREAD NOWTop 5 Benefits of Cloud Video ConferencingREAD NOWVideo vs Web Conferencing... Is There Really Any Comparison?LEARN MORE
This site uses cookies. To continue without changing your browser settings means you agree to the use of cookies. Find out more. Dismiss.
9.6.803.0 on SWA01