https://www.superlon.com.my/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Superlon Holdings Berhad
Personal Data Notice
Personal Data Protection Act 2010
This notice is issued pursuant to the requirements of Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (“PDPA”) and it applies to any person (“you” or “your”) whose personal data is processed by or on behalf of Superlon Holdings Bhd (“we”, “us” or “our”) in respect of the commercial transactions carried out by us. The term “personal data” and any other terms which are not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the PDPA.
In the case where we have direct or indirect business relationships with corporate client entities, we may request personal data about the directors, authorised persons, beneficial owners, trustees, partners, associates of, and/or persons exercising control over the corporate client entities (collectively referred to as “Persons Related to Corporate Client Entities”). Therefore, we may proceed to obtain consent in relation to our collection and processing of personal data of the Persons Related to Corporate Client Entities under the circumstances where we deem it necessary.
In addition, the Personal Data Notice which is available at Bursa Malaysia Berhad’s website (https://www.bursamalaysia.com/personal_data_notice) shall apply to your personal data and we may, from time to time, provide your personal data to Bursa Malaysia Berhad and its related entities as and when required.
Collection of personal data
The personal data collected by us in exchange for our goods and services may include, but is not limited to, name, proof of identification (passport number if you are not a Malaysian/ NRIC number), address(es), email address(es), contact details, education and employment background, financial position and
relevant information specified by us, where applicable. Sensitive personal data may include, but is not limited to, information relating to physical or mental health and condition, religious beliefs and any past breaches of or convictions under any law.
We may also collect information from any resources we consider as appropriate or obtain information in the course of our relationship with you.
Purpose of collecting personal data
The personal data provided by you shall be processed by us or on our behalf for the following purposes:
To process applications for our goods and services;
To forward relevant information to you from a member of our group of companies;
To perform control and risk management function (including evaluating your credit worthiness);
To communicate with you including resolving your query or concern;
To enable us to discharge any contractual obligation to you;
To fulfil our legal, governmental or regulatory obligation in Malaysia or any other applicable jurisdiction;
To market, develop, improve and provide update on our goods and services;
To enforce our rights;
Any other incidental or ancillary purposes relating to any of the above; and/or
Any other purposes to be determined at a later date.
Possible disclosure of personal data
We will keep your personal data confidential for our legitimate business purposes save for any situation whereby we have a duty to disclose it. Your personal data may be shared by us to:
Regulatory, supervisory, governmental or relevant authorities;
Any relevant authorities or parties as may be authorized by applicable rules or laws or required by regulatory, supervisory or governmental bodies to obtain such information;
Any parties in connection to the contractual arrangements between you and us;
Any parties whom we may transfer our rights and/ or obligations to; and/or
Any other persons who we deem fit.
Safeguard of personal data
The personal data collected will be stored at the designated physical locations and digital databases where we deem suitable. We implement reasonable steps including physical and technological security measures to protect the personal data by taking into consideration of the nature of the personal data and the potential harm that will arise from any loss, misuse, modification, unauthorised access and/or destruction of the personal data. We will also exercise precaution to ensure the secure transfer of the personal data to any relevant parties or countries. In the case that any other parties are appointed by us to process your personal data, we will ensure that they carry out appropriate safeguard measures before granting them authorisation.
Retention of personal data
We will retain your personal data for a period as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of legitimate business purposes. Besides that, we will take reasonable steps to permanently delete and destroy your personal data when we deem it is no longer required for being processed to fulfill the purposes above.
Provision of personal data
It is obligatory that you supply us with the personal data in relation to the contractual arrangement between you and us or as required by regulatory, supervisory, governmental or relevant authorities. If you fail to supply to us the said personal data, we may not be able to carry out the above purposes.
By providing us your personal data, you hereby consent to the processing of your personal data including any sensitive personal data in accordance with this Personal Data Notice.
Integrity of personal data
It is advisable for you to ensure that the personal data provided to us is accurate, complete, not misleading and up-to-date in order for us to perform and facilitate the above purposes.
Transfer of personal data
Your personal data may be transferred to a place outside of Malaysia. In the event of any inconsistency between the English version and any of the Bahasa Malaysia version of this notice, the English version shall prevail over the Bahasa Malaysia version.
Right to request access to, correction and deletion of personal data
You may request access to, correction and deletion of your personal data which is held by us. A request to delete your personal data implies that we will stop processing the personal data and not able to carry out the purposes mentioned in the section above. In addition, you have a right to lodge a complaint pertaining to the manner in which we have managed your personal data or request us to explain our procedures and policies in relation to managing your personal data.
Kindly find the following our contact details for any access, correction, deletion, complaints or enquiries in respect of your personal data:-
Designated Contact Person
Mr David Tan
Address
Superlon Holdings Bhd
Lot 2567, Jalan Sungai Jati,
41200 Klang,
Selangor Darul Ehsan,
Malaysia.
Telephone No.
+603 3372
3888
Fax No.
+603 3382
1688
Email address
corporate@superlon.com.my
Update of Personal Data Notice
We reserve the right, from time to time, to amend and update this Personal Data Notice. An updated notice will be posted on our website or via any other modes we view suitable.
The Personal Data Notice was last updated on 9 January 2018.
© 2020 All Rights Reserved - Superlon Holdings Berhad