https://www.snaptron.com/privacy-policy/
Call Us
Call Office
(+1) 970.686.5682
Our Hours:
8am-5pm
After Hours?
Email Us
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 22, 2020
Privacy Statement Summary
Who will use my data?
Snaptron
Inc
What for?
We will store and process your data in order to allow us to provide our products and manufacturing services to you. We may also send you offer details that we think you will be interested in. This may include a range of related products and services. If you are a supplier or other third party, we will collect, store, and process your data as required to manage the relationship between us.
What will happen if I contact you?
If you contact us, we will use your information to send you the information you have requested and updates, offers, and other information that we think you will be interested in.
What data will be stored?
We will store your personal details in order to provide our products and services to you and manage our relationship. We will store details of purchase inquiries, purchases, contracts, and related financial information as required.
What data will be shared?
We will not share your data with any third parties other than as described here.
We will share your information with any regulator or legal body that requests it.
How long?
Your data will be stored for up to 7years, after which time, it will be deleted.
Who can access my data?
We will never sell, share, or otherwise distribute your data to any other third-party. Access to your data is strictly controlled and monitored to ensure your privacy.
How is my data kept secure?
We may store your data on servers that are based in the US, UK, EU, and third countries as necessary. We use industry-standard security protocols/technology to secure data.
We take your privacy seriously and will only
use your personal information to provide the services you have requested from
us and to send you information about services you may be interested in. We will
never sell, share, or use your personal information other than as described
here.
About This Privacy Policy
This policy sets out how we will use and
share the information that you give us. This policy describes your relationship
with Snaptron, Inc.
We operate in line with the General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR) guidelines and other applicable data protection
regulations. The GDPR describes how organizations must collect, handle, process,
and store personal information.
These rules apply regardless of whether data
is stored electronically, on paper, or on other materials. To comply with the
law, personal information must be collected and used fairly, stored safely, and
not disclosed unlawfully. GDPR is underpinned by eight important principals.
These say that personal data must:
Be processed fairly and lawfullyBe obtained only for specific, lawful purposesBe adequate, relevant, and not excessiveBe accurate and kept up to dateNot be held for any longer than is necessaryProcessed in accordance with the rights of the data subjectsBe protected in appropriate waysNot be transferred outside the European Economic Area, unless that country or territory also ensures an adequate level of protection
We take these responsibilities seriously;
this document describes our approach to data protection. This policy helps to
protect us from data security risks, including:
Commercial, financial, and reputational damage caused by a data breach.Failing to offer choice. For instance, all individuals should be free to
choose how the company uses data relating to them.Reputational damage. For instance, the company could suffer if hackers successfully
gained access to sensitive data.Any other loss or damage caused as a result of failure to meet Data
Protection regulations
Who We Are And How To Contact Us
Snaptron is a trading name of Snaptron Inc
that is registered in the USA and is registered with the Information Commissioner’s
Office. The data controller is Ashley Steinbach. You can contact us in any of
the following ways:
Email: asteinbach@snaptron.comPhone: +1970.686.5682Website: https://www.snaptron.comPost: Snaptron Inc. 960 Diamond Valley Drive, Windsor, CO 80550, USA
Who this privacy policy applies to
Snaptron is a manufacturer. Processing of
your data is required in order to offer you our products and services. This
policy applies to individuals who have shared their data with Snaptron as
either a potential customer, customer, employee, supplier or in any other
capacity.
It applies to all data that the company holds
relating to identifiable individuals, even if that information technically
falls outside of the GDPR. This can include:
Names of IndividualsPostal addressesEmail AddressesTelephone numbersImage and Video ContentElectronic and Printed MediaLikeness and edited images of identifiable individualsIndividuals captured on images other than the principle subjects
What this policy applies to
This section describes the lawful basis for
processing your data and applies to the information about yourself that you
choose to provide us with or that you allow us to collect. This includes:
The Information you provide when you contact us in order to discuss
using our servicesInformation we collect about how you use the websiteInformation relating to services we offer to you and other transactions
including financial and other personal information required to complete these
transactionsInformation that is given and stored as part of our ongoing relationshipImages, videos, and other mediaAll material (electronic / printed / other) capturing your image and
likeness
We do not normally collect or process
sensitive data about you, however where this is necessary, we will take
appropriate precautions to protect your data.
How your information will be used
We will only use your personal data for the
purposes for which we collected it and as you would reasonably expect your data
to be processed and only where there is a lawful basis for such processing, for
example:
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity, (b) Contact information, (c)
financial information for reference and credit vetting etc…
Performance of a contract with you, or
potential contract with customers, suppliers, and other third parties
To process and deliver the products and
services you request including managing payments, fees and charges, and to
collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity, (b) Contact, (c) Financial,
(d) Transaction, (e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you, (b)
Necessary for our legitimate interests to recover debts owed to us, (c)
Necessary to operate our business (CRM and Credit Control)
To manage our ongoing relationship with you
which will include notifying you about changes to our terms, products, and
services, or privacy policy, to maintain our records
(a) Identity, (b) Contact, (c) Customer
Profile, (d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you, (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation, (c) Necessary for our legitimate interests to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services, (d) with your consent
To administer and protect our business and
our site (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system
maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity, (b) Contact, (c) Technical
information
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests
for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganization or group restructuring exercise, (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant content and
advertisements to you and measure and understand the effectiveness of our
advertising
(a) Identity, (b) Contact, (c) Profile, (d)
Usage, (e) Marketing and Communications, (f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To use data analytics to improve our
website, services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical, (b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our site
updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing
strategy
To make suggestions and recommendations to
you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity, (b) Contact, (c) Technical, (d) Usage, (e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests to develop our products/services and grow our business
We may collect and process information about
you, including your name, date of birth, address, contact details (including
email address and mobile phone number), product and service details, purchase history,
and data collected as part of any finance application or payment (including
previous addresses, employment details, and bank account details). As part of
the services we provide to you we will collect, store, and process images in
various formats. We may take personal information from:
Information that you provide to us when registering with our website
(including your email address)Information that you provide when completing your online profile
(including your name, gender, date of birth and any educational details and
employment details you provide)Information that you provide to us when signing up to any distribution
lists to receive correspondence from usInformation relating to any purchases you make of our services,
including any other transaction details made via any of our websites (including
your address, telephone number, and payment details)
Personal data we receive will be used for the
purposes it was provided, including:
To respond to queries from you regarding the possible purchase of
servicesTo carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into
between you and us including the provision of services, and to respond to
queries from you regarding those contractsTo manage and administer the relationships between you and usTo notify you about changes to our services and to otherwise communicate
with you; for example, we will use your contact details in order to respond to
any queries that you submit to usTo obtain feedback from you regarding usImages, videos, and other media collected, stored, or processed as a
result of the services we have provided to you
In accordance with your preferences, we may
also use your personal information to provide you with information about
services, promotions and offers that may be of interest to you. We may use your
personal information in order to ascertain the services, promotions, and offers
that are likely to be of particular interest to you. This document explains how
you can change whether to receive this information. Please note that, even if
you choose not to receive this information, we may still use your personal
information to provide you with important services communications, including
communications in relation to any purchases you make or services you use.
How to change your preferences
We operate in line with EU GDPR (May 2018)
data protection guidelines. We respect your rights and will respond to any
request for access to personal information and requests to delete, rectify,
transfer, data, and to stop processing. We will also advise you on how to
complain to the relevant authorities, namely the Information Commissioner’s
Office. Any requests or objections should be made in writing to the Data
Controller, or you can visit our website, call, or email us to contact us to
change your preferences at any time.
Scope of Agreement
By submitting your personal data on this site
or as required for us to provide products and services to you, you are
affirming your agreement for such information to be used in accordance with
this privacy policy. You will be able to change your preferences at any time by
the methods described as prescribed in this document.
We may, from time to time, use your
information for marketing, account management, or relationship management
purposes. The main purpose of this is to provide you with information about the
services which we think may be of interest to you and/or to maintain any
existing relationship we may have with you.
Opting out at a later date
Where you give your consent for us to process
your data, for example when you agree to us sending you marketing information
or where you agree to us processing financial data, you can contact us to amend
or withdraw your consent at any time. You can also choose to object to
processing and request deletion of your data. We respect all user rights as
defined in GDPR. If you have any comments or wish to complain please contact
us.
How we store and process your data
Your data will initially be collected stored
and processed securely at our operating facility in Windsor, Colorado, USA. Where
possible we store your data in the EU; however, we may use cloud storage
options outside the EU. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable
precautions to ensure your data is secure at all times. Your data may be stored
indefinitely to ensure we have records of service, payments, and other
interactions we have with you and to be able to provide copies of photos, videos,
and other material to you in the future. Subject to your right to demand
deletion of data.
In order to provide our services to you, we
use recognized third parties to take payment, conduct credit reports, and other
checks, manage our company accounts, and provide banking services. We will
store transactions, payment, and order data for up to 7 years or for as long as
required by the various applicable financial and company regulations. These
third parties may operate outside the EU, if this is the case we will ensure
precautions are in place to protect your data.
Depending on your location, data transfers
may involve transferring your data to a country other than your own. To find
out more about the place of processing of such transferred data, you can check
the section,  “Detailed Information on
the Processing of Personal Data,” containing details about the processing of personal
data.
You are also entitled to learn about the
legal basis of data transfers to a country outside the EU or to any
international organization governed by public international law or set up by
two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by
Snaptron to safeguard their data.
If any such transfer takes place, you can
find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire
with us by using the information provided in the “Contacting Us” section.
We will only use your personal data for the
purposes for which we collected it unless we reasonably consider that we need
to use it for another reason, and that reason is compatible with the original
purpose. If you wish to find out more about how the processing for the new
purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please email us. If we need to
use your personal data for a purpose unrelated to the purpose for which we
collected the data, we will notify you and we will explain the legal ground of
processing.
We may be legally obliged to disclose your
personal information without your knowledge to the extent that we are required
to do so by law; in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal
proceedings; in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights
(including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention
and reducing credit risk); to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to
a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal
information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be
reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
You will only receive marketing
communications from us if you have:
Requested information from us or purchased services from usIf you provided us with your details and ticked the box at the point of
entry of your details for us to send you marketing communicationsYou have not opted out of receiving marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent
before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Our obligations
We are a data controller. In relation to the
information that you provide to us, we are legally responsible for how that
information is handled. We will comply with the GDPR (2018) and other
applicable regulations in the way we use and share your personal data.
Under certain circumstances, you have rights
under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the
right to:
Request access to your personal data.Request correction of your personal data.Request erasure of your personal data.Object to processing of your personal data.Request restriction of processing your personal data.Request transfer of your personal data.Right to withdraw consent.
We will of course respect all your rights
under GDPR, PECR, ePrivacy, and other relevant legislation. You can see more
about these rights at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
You will not have to pay a fee to access your
personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge
a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or
excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these
circumstances.
We may need to request specific information
from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your
personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security
measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no
right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information
in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests
within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your
request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this
case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Third Parties
We may have to share your personal data with
the parties set out below for the purposes described in this document:
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers
who provide consultancy, credit scoring, banking, legal, fraud protection,
insurance, and accounting services.HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the
United Kingdom and other relevant jurisdictions who require reporting of
processing activities in certain circumstances.Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business
or our assets.Companies we use to provide our products and services to you and to meet
our contractual commitments.  This may
include a range of contractors, suppliers, third parties, delivery companies,
etc.…
We require all third parties to whom we
transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat
it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your
personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following
purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable
Snaptron to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of
User behavior.
Google
Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google
Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland
Limited, depending on the location this website is accessed from, (“Google”).
Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website,
to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google
may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own
advertising network.
Personal
Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place
of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Hotjar
Form Analysis & Conversion Funnels (Hotjar Ltd.)
Hotjar
is an analytics service provided by Hotjar Ltd.
Hotjar
honors generic Do Not Track headers. This means your browser can tell its
script not to collect any of your data. This is a setting that is available in
all major browsers. Find Hotjar’s opt-out information here.
Personal
Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place
of processing: Malta – Privacy Policy – Opt
Out.
Heat Mapping and Session Recording
Heat mapping services are used to display the
areas of this website that Users interact with most frequently. This shows
where the points of interest are. These services make it possible to monitor
and analyze web traffic and keep track of User behavior.
Some of these services may record sessions
and make them available for later visual playback.
Hotjar
Heat Maps & Recordings (Hotjar Ltd.)
Hotjar
is a session recording and heat mapping service provided by Hotjar Ltd.
Hotjar
honors generic „Do Not Track” headers. This means the browser can tell its
script not to collect any of the User’s data. This is a setting that is
available in all major browsers. Find Hotjar’s opt-out information here.
Personal
Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the
privacy policy of the service.
Place
of processing: Malta – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Contacting the User
Web
forms (Snaptron Website)
By
filling in the forms with your data, you authorize Snaptron to use these
details to reply to requests for information, quotes, or any other kind of
request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal
Data processed: address; company name; email address; phone number; first name;
last name.
Place
of processing: United States
Platform services and hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting
and running key components of the website, therefore allowing the provision of the
website from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of
tools to Snaptron– e.g., analytics, user registration, commenting, database
management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and
handling of Personal Data.
Some of these services work through
geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual
location where the Personal Data are stored.
WordPress.com
(Automattic Inc.)
WordPress.com
is a platform provided by Automattic Inc. that allows Snaptron to build, run,
and host this website.
Personal
Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the
service.
Place
of processing: United States – Privacy
Policy.
SPAM protection
This type of service analyses the traffic of
this website, potentially containing Users’ Personal Data, with the purpose of
filtering it from parts of traffic, messages, and content that are recognized
as SPAM.
Google
reCAPTCHA (Google LLC)
Google
reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google LLC.
The use
of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy
policy and terms of use.
Personal
Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place
of processing: United States – Privacy
Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Tag Management
This type of service helps Snaptron manage
the tags or scripts needed on the website in a centralized fashion.
This results in the Users’ Data flowing
through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data.
Google
Tag Manager (Google LLC)
Google
Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC.
Personal
Data processed: Usage Data.
Place
of processing: United States – Privacy
Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
User Database Management
This type of service allows Snaptron to build
user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other
information that the User provides to the website, as well as to track User
activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched
with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks’
profiles) and used to build private profiles that Snaptron Inc can display and
use for improving the website.
Some of these services may also enable the
sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions
performed on this website.
Pardot
(Salesforce.com, inc.)
Pardot
is a User database management service provided by Salesforce.com, inc.
Personal
Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the
service.
Place
of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Security
We have put in place appropriate security
measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or
accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit
access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other
third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only
process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty
of confidentiality.
We will report any breaches or potential
breaches to the appropriate authorities within 24 hours and to anyone affected
by a breach within 72 hours. If you have any queries or concerns about your
data usage, please contact us.
This website may include links to third-party
websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those
connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do
not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their
privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the
privacy notice of every website you visit.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks
permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file
is added, and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you
visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an
individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes
and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps
us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to
tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical
analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a
better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which
you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any
information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your
browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from
taking full advantage of the website.
As well as your ability to accept or reject
cookies, we also require your permission to store cookies on your machine,
which is why when you visit our site, you are presented with the ability to
accept our terms of use, including the storage of cookies on your machine.
Should you not accept then you are free to leave our website at any time.
Legitimate Interests
Under the GDPR, we are also permitted to
collect, process, and store your data as required to reasonably operate our
business.
Contacting us, exercising your information rights and
Complaints
If you have any questions or comments about
this Privacy Policy, wish to exercise your information rights in connection
with the personal data you have shared with us or wish to complain, please
contact us. We will process SARs within 30 days, SAR responses are usually free,
but we reserve the right to charge for excessive or unfounded requests. We
fully comply with Data Protection legislation and will assist in any
investigation or request made by the appropriate authorities.
If you remain dissatisfied, then you have the
right to apply directly to the Information Commissioner for a decision. The
Information Commissioner can be contacted at:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshireSK9 5AFwww.ico.org.uk
The contact information for all other EU data
protection authorities can be found at:
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
The designated EU and UK representative for
Snaptron can be contacted at:
https://eugdprrep.comTel: +353 01 554 9700 Email: support@gdprteam.freshdesk.com
End of document.
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our site. Visit our Privacy Policy to learn more. By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Privacy PolicyAccept