http://www.ecobeton.com/legal/privacy-policy
We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.
OK
THE PRIVACY POLICY OF THIS SITE
PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
Ecobeton Europe Srl, with registered office in
Via G.Galilei, 47
Costabissara
36030
Vicenza
(Italy)
, Company no. IT03257050249
(hereinafter "owner"), as the holder of the treatment, informs you in accordance with art. 13 EU Regulation No 2016/679 (hereinafter "GDPR") that your data will be processed in the following ways and purposes:
1. Subject of the data Processing
The owner treats personal, identifying and non-sensitive data (in particular, first name, surname, fiscal code, VAT, email, telephone number – hereinafter, "personal data" or "data") communicated by you during registration to the website of the owner and/or when subscribing to the newsletter service offered by the owner.
2. Purpose of the Data Processing
Your personal information is processed:
A) without your express consent (art. 24 lit. A, b, c Privacy code and art. 6 lit. b, and GDPR), for the following purposes of service:
to allow you to register to website;
manage and maintain the website;
to allow the subscription to newsletter service provided by the owner and any other services you may require;
fulfil the pre-contractual, contractual and fiscal obligations arising from current relations with you;
fulfil the obligations laid down by law, regulation, Community legislation or by Authority;
to prevent or uncover fraudulent activities or malicious abuse of the website;
to exercise the rights of the proprietor, for example the right of defence in court.
B) Only after your specific and distinct consent (art. 7 GDPR) for the following Marketing purposes:
send you by email newsletters, commercial communications and/or advertising material on products or services offered by the owner.
We point out that if you are already our customer, we can send you commercial communications related to services and products of the owner similar to those you have already used, save your disagreement.
3. Method of Data Processing
The processing of your personal data is carried out by means of the operations indicated in art. 4 No. 2) GDPR, namely: collection, registration, organization, preservation, consultation, processing, modification, selection, extraction, comparison, use, interconnection, blocking, communication, deletion and destruction of data. Your personal information is subject to both paper and electronic and/or automated processing.
The owner will treat the personal data for the time necessary to fulfill the above purposes and in any case for no more than 10 years from the termination of the relationship for the purposes of service and for no more than 2 years from the collection of data for Marketing purposes.
4. Access to Data
Your data may be made accessible for the purposes set out in art. 2. A) and 2. B):
to employees and collaborators of the Owner, in their capacity as internal appointees and/or managers of the treatment and/or system administrators;
to companies of the Ecobeton group of which the holder is a member (for example, for technical support activities and/or consultancy in case the client's project is abroad, for the storage of personal data, etc.) or to third parties (for example, provider for management and maintenance of the website, suppliers, credit institutions, professional firms, etc.) that carry out outsourcing activities on behalf of the owner, in their capacity as external managers of the treatment.
5. Data communication
Without your express consent (art. 6 b) and c) GDPR, the holder may disclose your data for the purposes set out in art. 2. (a) supervisory bodies, judicial authorities and all other parties to whom the communication is mandatory by law for the purpose of carrying out the said purposes. Your data will not be disseminated.
6. Data transfer
The management and preservation of personal data will be on servers located within the European Union of the owner and/or third-party companies entrusted and duly appointed as responsible for the processing. Currently the servers are located in Italy. The data will not be subject to transfer outside the European Union. It is in any case understood that the holder, if necessary, will have the right to move the location of the servers in Italy and/or the European Union and/or non-EU countries. In that case, the holder shall ensure that the transfer of the extra-EU data will be made in accordance with the applicable legal provisions by stipulating, if necessary, agreements guaranteeing an adequate level of protection and/or adopting the clauses Standard contractual provisions of the European Commission.
7. Nature of the provision of Data and consequences of the refusal
The conferral of data for the purposes set out in art. 2. A) is mandatory. In their absence, we will not be able to guarantee neither the registration to the site nor the services of art. 2. A).
The conferral of data for the purposes set out in art. 2. B) is optional instead. You can then decide not to confer any data or to deny subsequently the possibility of processing already provided information: In this case, you will not receive newsletters, commercial communications and advertising material related to the services offered by the owner. In any case you will continue to be entitled to the services referred to in art. 2. A).
8. Rights of the Data Subject
In your quality of interest, you have the rights of art. 15 GDPR and precisely the rights to:
to obtain confirmation of the existence or otherwise of personal data concerning you, even if not yet registered, and their communication in intelligible form;
to obtain the indication: a) of the origin of the personal data; b) of the purposes and modalities of treatment; c) of the logic applied in the case of treatment carried out with the aid of electronic instruments; d) The identifying details of the holder, the persons responsible and the representative designated pursuant to art. 3, paragraph 1, GDPR; e) of the subjects or categories of persons to whom personal data may be communicated or which may be known to them as a designated representative in the territory of the State, of persons responsible or in charge;
to obtain: a) the update, the rectification or, when you have interest, the integration of the data; (b) The cancellation, the processing anonymously or the blocking of the data processed in violation of the law, including those whose preservation is not necessary in relation to the purposes for which the data has been collected or subsequently processed; (c) The attestation that the transactions referred to in (a) and (b)) have been brought to the attention, including with regard to their content, of those to whom the data have been communicated or disseminated, except where such fulfilment proves to be impossible or entails A use of means manifestly disproportionate in relation to the protected law;
to oppose, in whole or in part: a) for legitimate reasons for the processing of personal data concerning you, although relevant to the purpose of the collection; b) The processing of personal data concerning you for the purposes of sending advertising material or direct sales or for the completion of market research or commercial communication, through the use of automated call systems without the intervention of a operator by email and/or through traditional marketing methods by telephone and/or paper mail. It is stated that the right of opposition of the person concerned, as set out in point B above, for direct marketing purposes by means of automated methods extends to the traditional ones and that, however, remains the possibility for the person concerned to exercise The right of opposition even in part. Therefore, the person concerned may decide to receive only communications by traditional means or only automated communications or none of the two types of communication.
Where applicable, you also have the rights of the Artt. 16-21 GDPR (right of adjustment, right to oblivion, right of limitation of treatment, right to data portability, right of opposition), and the right to claim to the guarantor Authority.
9. Means of exercising rights
You can exercise your rights at any time by sending:
a registered letter to
Ecobeton Europe Srl
Via G.Galilei, 47
Costabissara
36030
Vicenza
(Italy)
an e-mail to
europe@ecobeton.it
10. Minors
This site and the owner's services are not intended for children under the age of 18 and the holder does not intentionally collect personal information related to minors. In the event that information about minors is unintentionally recorded, the holder will delete them in a timely manner, at the request of the users.
11. Controller, processor and appointee
The data controller is Ecobeton Europe Srl
The updated list of persons responsible for processing is kept at the premises of the data controller.
12. Amendments to this Regulation
This statement may vary. It is therefore advisable to check this information regularly and to refer to the most updated version.