https://www.blackspire.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
We know it is important to protect your personal information, no matter if you are shopping with us online or in-person. This Privacy Policy is to outline our guidelines for the collection and use of personal information by Black Spire Designs.
What Information we Collect and How is it Used?
We collect two types of information: personal information and non-personal information.
We may use your personal information for a number of different purposes, to:
fulfill your requests for products, services or information;
provide customer services;
administer contests or promotions;
offer new products and services;
measure and improve the effectiveness of our Web Sites or our marketing endeavors; and
tailor our online or in-store offerings to your preferences.
Black Spire Designs may also collect and summarize customer information in a format that no longer identifies the individual for statistical purposes. Personal information typically includes your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. You can choose not to provide us with any of your personal information. However, if you make this choice we may not be able to provide you with the product, service, or information that you requested.
Non-personal information does not identify you as an individual. For example, we may ask you for your postal code or e-mail address to assist us with planning our flyer distribution.
We will not sell your personal information. However, we may share your information with third parties acting on our behalf or as permitted or required by law.
Your Implied Consent
Your consent is implied if we ask you to provide personal information with a stated purpose. For instance, you have to provide us with your address and phone number for us to deliver you the product you have purchased.
Your Express Consent
In other cases, we will ask you to give us your express consent to use your personal information to advise you of products or services that may be of interest. You always have the opportunity to “opt out” of having your information used for this purpose
The blackspire.com
While using our WebSite, you may be asked to voluntarily provide personal information (such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, or credit card information). We use this information to complete your transaction and to apply for access to certain special features and functions of the WebSite. If you choose not to provide requested personal information, you will not be able to use certain features of the WebSite and you will not be able to complete the transactions through the WebSite.
With any of the services on our WebSite, we may also use your personal information to contact and correspond with you and to respond to your inquiries. With your consent, we may send to you, from time to time, e-mail or other communications regarding goods or services we believe will interest you.
Participate in a Contest, Promotion, or Survey
From time to time, Black Spire Designs may run contests, promotions, or surveys. If you participate, you may be asked for contact information as well as additional optional survey information (for example, product preferences). Information from contest entries will be used to contact you if you win. We may also summarize survey information in a manner that no longer identifies the contest entrants for analysis, but will not share personal information from entries. All contests are subject to rules that will be available with each particular contest.
Information Collects Automatically
Blackspire.com will automatically collect certain non-personal information regarding WebSite users that does not identify you. Examples include the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, the IP address of your Internet Service Provider, the date and time you access the WebSite, the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to the WebSite, the operating system you are using, the sections of the WebSite you visit, the WebSite pages read and images viewed, and the content you download from the WebSite.
This non-personal information is used for WebSite and system administration purposes and to improve the WebSite.
Cookies
The WebSite uses “cookies”, a technology that installs a small amount of information on a WebSite user’s computer to permit the WebSite to recognize future visits using that computer. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the WebSite. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to offer personalized Web page content and information for your use, to track your activity at the WebSite, to respond to your needs, and to otherwise facilitate your WebSite experience. You may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your use of the WebSite and your ability to access certain features of the WebSite or engage in transactions through the WebSite.
Tracking Information
Black Spire Designs may use non-personal information to compile tracking information reports regarding WebSite user demographics, WebSite traffic patterns, and WebSite purchases, and then provide those reports to advertisers and others. None of the tracking information in the reports can be connected to the identities or other personal information of individual users. We may also link tracking information with personal information voluntarily provided by WebSite users. Once such a link is made, all of the linked information is treated as personal information and will be used and disclosed only in accordance with this Policy.
Links to Other Web Sites
Blackspire.com may contain links to other Web sites or Internet resources. When you click on one of those links you are contacting another Web site or Internet resource. We have no responsibility or liability for or control over those other Web sites or Internet resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other Web sites to learn how they collect and use information about you.
Disclosure to Service Providers
We may share your personal information with certain service providers in order to provide products and services to you, to verify and validate information, and to address customer service matters. Which may include but not limited to credit card issuers, product service depots, warranty providers, and delivery services. To reduce the risk of fraud or misuse of personal information, we may also verify your personal information, including but not limited to your address and credit card information, with third party service providers.
We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal information is used in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. If you do not wish us to provide your personal information to those service providers, we may be unable to process your transaction.
Legal Disclosure
We may disclose your information as permitted or required to by law; like:
to a government institution or other person or entity that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information;
where we have reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity;
to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or entity with jurisdiction to compel the production of information;
to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information; and
to our legal counsel.
How My Information is protected
The security of your personal information is always a high priority to us. We will maintain appropriate safeguards and security standards to protect your personal information, whether recorded on paper or captured electronically, against unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse.
Although we cannot take responsibility for any theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, loss, alteration or destruction of data by a third party, we take reasonable precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
When is My Information Removed?
We keep your information as we need it for the products and services you’re using and for a reasonable time thereafter or to meet any legal requirements. We have retention standards that meet these requirements. We destroy your information when it is no longer needed, or we remove your personally identifiable information.
Changes of Privacy Policy
In order to accommodate changes in our service, the technology, and legal developments, this Policy may change over time. We may add, change, or remove portions of this Policy when we feel it is appropriate to do so.
Contacting us
Black Spire Designs is responsible for all personal information under its control. Our Office Manager is accountable for the compliance with the principles described here. If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about the privacy policies please contact us:
By mail:
The Office Manager
Black Spire Designs Limited
#5 – 730 Eaton Way
Delta, B.C. V3M 6J9
Canada
By e-mail: tech@blackspire.com
Review Cart
Toggle Menu Close
No products in the cart.
Scroll to top
ChainringsExpand child menu
Expand
Direct MountExpand child menu
Expand
Raceface Cinch
*SRAM compatible
Shimano Direct Mount
Cannondale
Bolt on SnaggletoothExpand child menu
Expand
4 Bolt Snaggletooth
5 Bolt Snaggletooth
Standard Tooth Profile
E-Bike Series
Pedals
Chain Guides & GuardsExpand child menu
Expand
Chain Guides
Chain Guards
HandlebarsExpand child menu
Expand
Stems
CranksExpand child menu
Expand
Bottom Brackets
ClearanceExpand child menu
Expand
Wheels
Accessories & PartsExpand child menu
Expand
Cassette Adapter
Chainring Screws & Nuts
COG Extender
Headsets
Pedal Repair Parts
Rear Steel Cogs
Saddles