http://www.gotkeynote.com/cookie-policy/
Home
Speaking-old
Blog
About
Getting You Results
Press
Courses
Work with Me
Contact
Membership
About
Speaking
Results
Press
Work With Me
Consulting
Coaching
FAQs
Learn
Courses
SEO Audit Course
The SEO Keyword Treasure Map
Viral Social Media for Massive Traffic
Content Marketing Organic Traffic Fountain
Conversion Mastery Course
Authority Builder Course
Podcasts
Blog
Contact
Search
StephanSpencer.com (“we” or “us” or “our”) may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies when you visit our website, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”) to help customize the Site and improve your experience.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Cookie Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of this Cookie Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Cookie Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification.
You are encouraged to periodically review this Cookie Policy to stay informed of updates. Your continued use of the Site will constitute awareness and acceptance of the Cookie Policy, as well as the changes in any revised Cookie Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Cookie Policy is posted.
USE OF COOKIES
A “cookie” is a string of information which assigns you a unique identifier stored on your computer. Your browser then provides that unique identifier to use each time you submit a query to the Site. We use cookies on the Site to, among other things, keep track of services you have used, record your user preferences, keep you logged into the Site, facilitate purchase procedures, and track the pages you visit. Cookies help us understand how the Site is being used so that we can improve your user experience.
TYPES OF COOKIES
The following types of cookies may be used when you visit the Site:
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies are placed on your computer by advertisers and ad servers in order to display advertisements that are most likely to be of interest to you. These cookies allow advertisers and ad servers to gather information about your visits to the Site and other websites, alternate the ads sent to a specific computer, and track how often an ad has been viewed and by whom. These cookies are linked to a computer and do not gather any personal information about you.
Google Analytics Cookies
Google Analytics cookies monitor how users reached the Site, and how they interact with and move around once on the Site. These cookies let us know what features on the Site are working the best and what features on the Site can be improved.
Our Cookies
Our cookies are “first-party cookies”, and can be either permanent or temporary. These are necessary cookies, without which the Site won’t work properly or be able to provide certain features and functionalities. Some of these may be manually disabled in your browser, but may affect the functionality of the Site.
Personalization Cookies
Personalization cookies are used to recognize repeat visitors to the Site. We use these cookies to record your browsing history, the pages you have visited, and your settings and preferences each time you visit the Site.
Security Cookies
Security cookies help identify and prevent security risks. We use these cookies to authenticate users and protect user data from unauthorized parties.
Site Management Cookies
Site management cookies are used to maintain your identity or session on the Site so that you are not logged off unexpectedly, and any information you enter is retained from page to page. These cookies cannot be turned off individually, but you can disable all cookies in your browser.
Third-Party Cookies
Third-party cookies may be place on your computer when you visit the Site by companies that advertise with us. These cookies allow the third parties to gather and track certain information about you. These cookies can be manually disabled in your browser.
CONTROL OF COOKIES
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. However, you can remove or reject cookies in your browser’s settings. Please be aware that such action could affect the availability and functionality of the Site.
For more information on how to control cookies, check your browser or device’s settings for how you can control or reject cookies, or visit the following links:
Apple Safari
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Opera
Android (Chrome)
Blackberry
Iphone or Ipad (Chrome)
Iphone or Ipad (Safari)
In addition, you may opt-out of some third-party cookies through the Network Advertising Initiative’s Opt-Out Tool.
OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
In addition to cookies, we may use web beacons, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies on the Site to help customize the Site and improve your experience. A “web beacon” or “pixel tag” is a tiny object or image embedded in a web page or email. They are used to track the number of users who have visited particular pages and viewed emails, and acquire other statistical data. They collect only a limited set of data, such as a cookie number, time and date of page or email view, and a description of the page or email on which they reside. Web beacons and pixel tags cannot be declined. However, you can limit their use by controlling the cookies that interact with them.
PRIVACY POLICY
For more information about how we use information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies, please refer to our Privacy Policy posted on the Site. This Cookie Policy is part of and is incorporated into our Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by this Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
StephanSpencer.com
Koshkonong LLC
6516 Monona Drive # 114
Monona, WI 53716-4026
(608) 729-5910
Learn the number one misconception about SEO that could cause you to lose everything. GET YOUR FREE COPY
POPULAR POSTS
Have You Checked Your Core Web Vitals Lately? It Could Be a Matter of Life or Death for Your SiteDecember 10, 2020 By Stephan Spencer Leave a Comment
Hapbee, The Mood-Enhancing Wearable DeviceOctober 9, 2020 By Stephan Spencer Leave a Comment
Hard-Earned Lessons from the Disruption of COVID-19July 8, 2020 By Stephan Spencer Leave a Comment
Categories
Blog
Branding and PR
Content Marketing
Conversion
Copywriting
Digital Marketing
Ecommerce
Email Marketing
Entrepreneurship
Praise
Client Testimonial
Sales
Self-Development
SEO
Social Media
SIGN UP FOR EXCLUSIVE WEEKLY CONTENT AND RECEIVE A BONUS SEO HIRING BLUEPRINT!
SUBSCRIBE NOW
+
Learn how to hire an insanely great SEO in 7 simple steps.
By downloading the free gift above, you are giving us permission to add you to our email list as well as acknowledging and accepting our updated privacy policies. In the future, we may send awesome informational emails, valuable resources, or exclusive offers.
+
Quick Search
Home
Attendee Feedback
About
Press
Results
Work With Me
FAQ
©2004-2019 Stephan Spencer. All Rights Reserved.
Koshkonong LLC
6516 Monona Drive # 114
Monona WI 53716-4026
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use Earnings Disclaimer
|
Cookie Policy
QUICK LINKS
Home
Attendee Feedback
About
Press
Results
Work With Me
FAQ
Blog
Books
Articles
Giving Back
Contact
STAY CONNECTED
EmailFacebookLinkedInPinterestTwitterYouTube