http://www.abipr.com/privacy-and-security/
Home
About ABI
Our Solutions
Our Work
Our Thinking
Trendspeak
Abi Connect
Careers
Contact
Privacy and security
Information We Collect
By accessing or using this Website (http://www.abipr.com) you agree to the Privacy Policy as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site. ABI, Inc. reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of this Website will be subject to the most current version at the time of such use.
Collection of Personal Information
This Website collects personal information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. When you engage in certain activities on this Website we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, we may ask that you provide personal information, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, telephone number and other identifying information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is mandatory and some is voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data, or provide erroneous or incomplete data, with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
When you submit personal information to this Website, you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across state boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the states in which ABI, Inc., its parent company, affiliates, subsidiaries and trusted vendors maintain web servers or offices, including, without limitation, New York.
Your Choices with Respect to Personal Information
ABI, Inc. recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this Website. If you do not want the information you provide to us to be used for any reason other than the stated purpose and you indicate this preference when you provide your personal information to us, ABI, Inc. will honor your preference. We reserve the right to provide aggregate data to third parties for statistical analysis. Such data will not be linked to any particular individuals.
Use of Cookies
When you visit this Website you can surf the site anonymously and access some information without revealing your identity. Please be advised that we may use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server intended to be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, recording information you provide. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. There may be instances when accepting cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept those cookies may not be able to participate in the related action.
Other Information
Our Web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, the browser type and browser version you are using. Forms you submit to us may also automatically log this information as well as the date and time the form was submitted. Under no circumstances does this information identify you personally. You remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided this Website with personal information.
Changing Your Privacy Preferences
You may indicate your desire to change your privacy preferences at any time. Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us, with as much detail as possible regarding the change you wish to make. Contact us via:
Email: privacy@abipr.com
Please note that if you provide us with inconsistent privacy preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that third parties may contact you with marketing offers and indicating on another occasion that they may not), we cannot guarantee that your most recent privacy preference will be honored.
Other Websites
ABI, Inc. is not responsible for the Privacy Policy, and makes no representations whatsoever about other Websites to which we may link, including but not limited to Websites that may contain a link to, or information about ABI, Inc.