http://www.aluminium.org/privacy-policy/
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
© Jaguar Land Rover Special Operations Reveals 'New' Lightweight E-type by Jaguar MENA (Flikr)
This website is edited by « European Aluminium Association » (hereinafter « European Aluminium »), an international non-profit association incorporated under Belgian in accordance with the Law of 21 February 1921 on non-profit associations, with head office in 1150 Woluwe Saint-Pierre, Avenue de Tervueren 168, and with national company registration number 480.720.716.
TERMS OF USE OF THE EUROPEAN ALUMINIUM WEBSITE
By registering and using the European Aluminium website, you agree to the applicability of these Terms and Conditions, and warrant that all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate. You also warrant that you will not use the website in violation of applicable laws and regulation.
By using the website, you are informed that your data will be collected in accordance with our Privacy Statement.
DISCLAIMERS
All content is provided for informational and/or educational purposes only.
European Aluminium has compiled the pages on this website very carefully, and the information placed on this website is offered in utmost good faith. This information is believed to be correct. Nevertheless, European Aluminium makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness or accuracy of any of this information.
This information is made available to the website visitors on the condition that each of them will make his/her own determination whether the information is suitable prior to make any appropriate use of it.
European Aluminium will in no event be responsible for damages of any nature whatsoever resulting from the use or reliance to the information contained in this website.
MODIFICATION OF THE TERMS OF USE
European Aluminium reserves the right to change the website’s Terms of use at any time. By continuing the use of the website after any such changes, you agree to follow and be bound by the Terms of Use.
By opting-out, you may lose access to European Aluminium content.
COOKIES
When you access this website, we use ‘cookies’ that automatically track certain information about visitor activity on the site. Cookies are data files that contain information created by a web server that can be stored on a user's hard disk for use either during a particular session or for future use. European Aluminium Association uses cookies only to support visitor’s interaction with the site and keep it running efficiently. This includes information such as the browser and operating system being used, IP address and referring URL.
European Aluminium Association will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by this website, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The ‘help’ function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual. Please be aware that restricting cookies will have no impact on the functionality of this website.
European Aluminium Association uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to compile reports for us on activity on the site. Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. How to reject or delete this cookie.
COMPETITION COMPLIANCE
European Aluminium serves a legitimate and useful purpose and may legally engage in a wide variety of activities which serve the industry, as long as these do not violate antitrust laws.
Considerations of the various competition laws that may possibly require that European Aluminium, its Members and the website visitors refrain from any activities which might possibly be considered as unlawful or even may give the appearance of violation and may invite suspicion or trigger investigations from the enforcement authorities.
TRADEMARKS
All trademarks included in this site are subject to proprietary rights. No rights are granted. The European Aluminium and Responsible Care logos are registered trademarks which belong to European Aluminium in Europe.
COPYRIGHT
This site and its content, when applicable, are subject to copyright of European Aluminium and its Members. All rights are reserved.
Copyright if any, of third party material found in this web site must also be respected.
The website visitors may use the information / documents available, but not for commercial use; In case of doubt, participants should address related remarks/queries to the webmaster.
LINKS WITH OTHER WEB SITES
Links to other sites are provided solely as a convenience. Therefore, those links imply neither responsibility for, nor approval of, the information contained in these web sites by European Aluminium.
JURISDICTION
The terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of Belgium. The competent courts in Belgium shall settle any disputes arising in connection to these terms and/or the contents and features available on this website.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Your privacy on the Internet is of utmost importance to European Aluminium. This privacy statement describes the policy concerning the gathering and sharing of Users' information through this European Aluminium website.
The present Privacy Statement complies with Regulation EU 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016, on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation), and is established pursuant to articles 6.1, f) and 13 of the Regulation.
Why does European Aluminium collect your personal data?
European Aluminium may collect and process the personal data for the following purposes:
The realization of its corporate purposes and, in particular, the promotion and defence of the aluminium industry and business;
The promotion of its activities and its members’ activities towards the public in general, decision-makers and stakeholders (public or targeted campaigns, mailings, newsletters, etc.);
The studies and researches related to the aluminium sector and industry;
The statistical analysis on aluminium market and industry.
The functioning and improvement of its communication channels, including this website.
European Aluminium may also use and process the personal information you provide to:
Contact you — either in response to a query or suggestion, or to mail newsletters, documents, publications, invitations etc. to you;
Propose you to take part at some events or activities ;
Share with you some news and information;
Confirm your registration on the European Aluminium event, publication, etc.;
Statistical analysis.
What information does European Aluminium collect?
European Aluminium collects personal data about its members’ representatives and employees, decision makers, stakeholders, and people who might show an interest in challenges, issues and new related to the aluminium sector in general. Such personal data may include your name and surname, your professional address, your e-mail, your phone number, your former or current position, your employer, firm or institution.
European Aluminium may collect and process your personal data through this website, thorough publicly available information sources and communication channels, or orally during phone conversation, events or other communication channels.
Your registration in this website requires personal information such as your name, your email and your company name. This information will be only visible by the staff of European Aluminium.
Additional information may be added to your profile including your office this information will be only visible to European Aluminium staff members unless you indicate otherwise in by sending an e-mail to communications@european-aluminium.eu. Your profile allows for more information to be added (i.e. postal address), however, this will not be visible in any circumstance to anyone else but the staff of European Aluminium.
This information is collected only with your knowledge and is kept in secure databases.
What if I don’t want to provide personal information?
Providing personal information on the European Aluminium website is compulsory for the purpose of registering to have access to content such as newsletters, publications, feedback forms. The mandatory information you need to provide is your name, your email and the name of your company. This information will be only visible by the staff of European Aluminium.
Additional information may be added to your profile however, this information will be only visible to European Aluminium staff members unless you indicate otherwise in by sending an e-mail to communications@european-aluminium.eu.
Do we transfer your personal data to third party ?
European Aluminium may share your personal data with third parties for achieving the aforementioned purposes (e.g : printers, event organizers, webmasters, etc.)
Where appropriate, third parties may be located both in the European Union and outside of it. In the event of data transfers to third parties outside the European Union, European Aluminium complies with the legal and regulatory provisions in force regarding such transfers and, in particular, ensures an adequate level of protection for the personal data thus transferred, on the basis of the solutions imposed or recommended by the European Commission, such as the standard contractual clauses.
What are your rights ?
You have the right to:
obtain from European Aluminium, confirmation that personal data about you are or are not being processed and, if so, when they are, and to access this data (right to access);
correct the data and, where appropriate, have your personal data completed if it is inaccurate or incomplete (right to rectification) ;
delete personal data in certain circumstances (right to erasure);
impose limitations, in certain circumstances, on processing data that is of a personal nature (right to limitation);
oppose, for reasons relating to the particular situation, personal data processing based on the legitimate interests of European Aluminium (right to opposition) ;
oppose the treatment of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling for direct marketing purposes (right to opposition);
opt for exclusion from being the subject of a decision based exclusively on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects that concern you or significantly affect you. However, if the automated process is necessary for the conclusion or the performance of a contract, you have the right to human intervention from European Aluminium, to express your point of view and to challenge the decision made by European Aluminium (opt-out);
receive personal data that you have provided to European Aluminium in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format; to transmit this data to another person or institution responsible for processing it in cases when (i) processing your personal data relies on your consent or for the purposes of executing a contract and (ii) the processing is carried out with the aid of an automated process; and to have your personal data transmitted directly from one responsible person or institution to another where technically possible (right to portability);
withdraw your consent at any time, without prejudice to lawful processing prior to the withdrawal of said consent, when processing your personal data relies on your consent.
To exercise any of the abovementioned rights, please contact European Aluminium communications@european-aluminium.eu by standard mail or by-mail, with a copy of your ID-card or other identity document
Complaints can be lodged with the Belgian Data Protection Authority
Rue de la Presse, 35
1000 Brussels
Tel: + 32 2 274 48 00
Fax: + 32 2 274 48 35
You can also file a complaint with the Court of First Instance in your home area.
Storage period
Your personal data will be stored until the cancellation upon request from you.
Security
We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on the European Aluminium website to any third party. Any information provided to European Aluminium by users of the European Aluminium website is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways other than as set forth in this privacy policy, or in ways to which you have explicitly consented. European Aluminium employs a range of technologies and security measures to protect the information maintained on our systems from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
All our employees who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of official business matters, including personal data.
The European Aluminium website may contain links to sites external to it. European Aluminium shall not be held responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
Contact
For questions or queries regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at communications@european-aluminium.eu.