http://www.avi-tech.com.sg/privacy-policy.html
Welcome
About
Solutions
Investor Relations
Contact
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of visitors to our website. The following paragraphs explain how your information will be treated. This policy may be updated from time to time, so please check it regularly.
The information we collect
You are not required to provide any personal information on the public areas of this website. However, you may choose to do so when you:
Request for information on our ‘Investor Relations’ section [http://avitech.listedcompany.com]
Contact Us [http://www.avi-tech.com.sg/contact-us.html]
Apply for jobs under our ‘Career‘ section [http://www.avi-tech.com.sg/career.html]
The type of personal information we collect includes but is not limited to the following (in no particular order): Names; Addresses (including email addresses); Telephone and facsimile numbers; Date of birth; Occupation; Gender; Education; Work experience; Details about next of kin including spouse and children’s names; Personal income, salary, remuneration and benefits; Personal expenditure/ savings; Career / financial goals; Criminal record.
How we use this information
The purposes for which we use the personal information we collect may include any of the following:
processing the relevant requests or queries made by you on our website or to process job applications in our career section;
to provide services to you;
evaluative purposes, for instance, for determining your suitability for any particular job opening;
providing references and information to potential and/or future employers, and if necessary, governmental and quasi-governmental bodies, including, the InlandRevenue and the Central Provident Fund Board;
disclosure to lawyers, auditors, financial advisors, and other professionals in connection with their services to us;
disclosure for compliance with any law or regulation or directive from any applicable government body or authority; and/or
investigating and/or reporting of any criminal offences, where required by law;
disclosure to our related companies or affiliates, including directors, employees, agents and representatives thereof, for operational, management, administrative, supervisory or evaluative purposes.
Cookies
Avi-tech Electronics Ltd may use technologies such as “cookies” in order to record session information, collect visit and access details to our web pages that enable us to continue to improve our services and provide better and useful features to our site users/guests. Cookies are pieces of information that are normally used by many websites for record-keeping purposes that can help sites remember, for example, your preferences. A cookie, in and of itself does not personally identify any user/guest. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
You can learn about cookies and what they do at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
We may use third party cookies on this website. By accessing our website, you agree that we can place cookies on your device.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
IP addresses
When you visit our website our server will record your IP address together with the date, time and duration of your visit. An IP address is an assigned number, similar to a telephone number, which allows your computer to communicate over the Internet. It enables us to identify which organisations have visited this website. This information may be used to compile statistical data on the use of our website to track how users navigate through our site. We do this so we can evaluate and improve our site.
Security
We take necessary steps to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All our employees and any third parties we engage to process your personal information are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your information.
Data Retention
We will not keep personal information for longer than is necessary and will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information if it is no longer needed.
Data Quality, Access and Correction
We will take reasonable steps to make sure that the personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up to date.
As a general rule, we will if you have made a request in writing to us, provide you as soon as reasonably possible with information as to what personal information we hold about you and also about the ways in which such personal information has been or may have been used or disclosed within a year before the date of the request.
We will also as soon as practicable, if you have made a request in writing to us, correct an error or omission in the personal information about you that we hold and send the corrected personal information to every organisation to which the personal information was sent before it had been corrected, unless that organisation does not need the corrected personal information for any legal or business purpose.
We may however choose not to provide you with access to or correct such information as described above, in accordance with various exceptions under the Personal Data Protection Act (Act 26 of 2012). This would include cases where: (i) we are satisfied on reasonable grounds that the correction should not be made; (ii) the request for access is frivolous or vexatious or the information requested is trivial; (iii) the personal information is related to a prosecution and all the proceedings related to the prosecution have not been completed; (iv) the personal data, if disclosed, would reveal confidential commercial information that could, in the opinion of a reasonable person, harm the competitive position of the organisation; and (v) the personal data was collected, used or disclosed for the purposes of an investigation and associated proceedings and appeals have not been completed.
We may also decide to impose a nominal charge upon you to cover the cost of verifying a request for information and locating, retrieving, reviewing and copying any material requested.
Transborder Data Flows
If your personal information is transferred to a country or territory outside Singapore, for instance, if some services are sub-delegated to our affiliates or service providers outside Singapore, we will ensure that the recipients thereof provide a standard of protection to your personal information so transferred that is comparable to that which is provided herein.
Changes to the policy
Kindly note that this privacy policy may be updated every now and then. For any significant changes, a more prominent notice will be provided.
Contact information
We have designated a Data Protection Officer who will be responsible for ensuring our compliance with applicable data protection laws. If you have any queries or requests or wish to make any applications concerning your personal information or data, please contact the designated person
The Data Protection OfficerAvi-Tech Electronics Ltd19A Serangoon North Avenue 5Singapore 554859Tel:  +65 6482 6168Email: hr@avi-tech.com.sgAll email messages sent to and from our organisation may be monitored to ensure compliance with internal policies and to protect our business.