http://www.murphyauction.com/privacy-policy
425-486-1246
Search
Auctions
Upcoming Auctions
Past Auctions
Buying & Selling
Buying
How to Buy
Selling
How to Sell
Industrial Equipment
Sawmill & Woodworking Services
Heavy Equipment
Equipment Appraisal Services
Online Bidding
Online Only
Live Online Bidding
Proxy Bidding
Make Payment
About Us
About JGM
Meet the Team
Contact Us
Contact Info
Locations
425-486-1246
Search
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for murphyauction.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any unrelated third party outside of our organization.
However, we may disclose the name, address and phone numbers of auction purchasers to the seller. Sellers may need this information for their records and/or to follow up with equipment removal. Buyer disclosure is also a requirement for all bankruptcy, receiverships, police seizures and some government auctions.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to inform you about upcoming auctions, website updates, your auction purchases, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
We use a third party website for all credit card payments and authorizations.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration
In order to use certain features of this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
We use an outside credit card processing company. They do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 800-426-3008 or via e-mail.
"The service we received went far beyond the contract. You not only handled the logistics, repairs, cleaning, painting, but you also dealt with the finance and leasing companies.  I certainly feel that we made the right decision in selecting your company to auction our surplus equipment." -Scott Talerico, Talerico Construction
Stay Connected
Sign Up