https://www.maglocks.com/privacy-policy-7174.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Hotel Systems
Mifare Hotel Locks
RFID Temic Locks
Smart Card Locks
Magnetic Card Locks
Card Encoders
Cards & Credentials
Common Door Readers
Hotel Accessories
Access Systems
Computerized Kits
Non-Computerized Kits
IP Pro Access Control Kits
Laundromat Kits
Bio-Metric Systems and Kits
Airlock/Cleanroom Kits
Controllers Only
Battery Powered Locks
Networx Advanced Wireless Locks
"Buzz-In" Release Kits
Proximity Credentials
Readers Only
Access Accessories
Locking Devices
Magnetic Locks
Electric Strikes
Electrified Locksets
Shear Locks
Electric Bolt Locks
Delayed Egress Locks
Glass Door Locks
Gate Locks
Mechanical Locksets
Cabinet Locks
Magnetic Door Holders
Locking Accessories
Entry Devices
Proximity Readers
Keypads
Keyswitches
Biometric Readers
Wireless Entry
Intercom Systems
Egress Devices
Push Buttons
Motion Sensors
Explosion Proof Devices
Emergency Release
Door Push Bars
Automatic Door Devices
Delayed Egress
Remote Release
Accessories
Power, Wire
Power Supplies
Outdoor Power Supplies
Access Control Cable
LAN/Premise Cable
Accessories
Featured
Door Access Control Systems & Kits
New Products
E307C Pin+Prox Card Lock
E307F Pin+Fingerprint Lock
Door Alarms and Strobes
Card Printers & Accessories
Outlet Mall
Starter Kits
Clearance Center
Open Box Items
More...
Buyer Guides
Support Hub
News
About Us
Home/
Customer Support Center/
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
For more than 18 years, Maglocks has developed relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity. We are aware of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit our website and provide us with information. The Privacy Notice below is posted to demonstrate our adherence to the practices you should find common to the best websites online. We promise that we will treat your information with the same honesty and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company's history. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Maglocks.com you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice."Maglocks" means any entity that carries the Maglocks brand, and any of our subsidiaries or divisions.
Our Commitment to Information and Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Personal Information Collected By Maglocks [ the information we collect ]
Maglocks uses information that we collect from our visitors to personalize and improve your visit at Maglocks.com. We gather the following types of information:
Information you give us: Maglocks collects any information which you enter on our website. This information is normally provided when you search, buy, participate in a contest, sweepstakes or on-line survey, or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service, sales or technical services through our website, telephone, Online Chat, mail or fax. You also provide information when you establish an account with us. Examples of the type of information you may supply us with include your name, business name, address, telephone number, credit card information, and e-mail addresses.
Automatic Information collected by us: Whenever you visit our website we collect and store information such as "cookies" which remember information about a visitor from one page to the next and from one visit to the next. We collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; password; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version; operating system and platform; purchase history; confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you; the URLs which lead you to and around our website and other sites on the World Wide Web, including the date and time; the pages and/or products you viewed or searched for and the phone number used to call our Customer Service Department. Your browser allows you to reject cookies and software is available from third parties which will allow you to visit our website without providing this information. You are welcomed at our website if you use this software but we will not be able to offer you our personalized services.
Purchases and Orders: If you place an order we use a secure order form which requires you to provide contact, billing, and financial information. This information is transmitted to your credit card company to authorize your purchase.
California Privacy: Orders placed from California comply with California collection and use of personally identifiable information laws.
At certain times we may offer financing options: If you use a financing option, information provided by you (such as your address, birth date, social security number, business license, and credit card number) may be used to request a credit report from third parties or may be sent to a third party for processing.
Action Tags: Maglocks's webpages may contain action tags set by third party firms for the purpose of collecting anonymous information about the usage of our site by customers. These companies may also use this anonymous information to serve advertisements that may be of interest to you when you visit other sites across the internet. Action tags are also known as web beacons or 1 pixel gifs. Action tags are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our website. They do not use personally identifiable information, such as names or addresses. If you wish to opt out of providing this anonymous information you may do so by contacting the Network Advertising Initiative's consumer opt out program
Sharing of Information with third-parties [ the way we use the information we collect ]
Affiliated businesses and Maglocks: We may share any information that you supply to us with any affiliated business that is substantially controlled by Maglocks. Any information that is shared this way will be subject to this Privacy Notice.
Aggregate information: We may provide aggregate information to some of our business partners. This information does not allow them to identify you individually.
Credit card companies, other payors and shippers: When you buy something from us we send your credit card information, name, billing address and the amount of your purchase to your credit card company to verify and authorize the purchase. We will also send the same information (name, billing address and amount of your purchase) for other payment types which we may offer such as PayPal. Your name, telephone number and shipping information must be provided to third party shippers such as UPS, Freight companies, Federal Express and the United States Postal Service to deliver your purchase.
Third party checkout links: If you use a third party checkout link on our site such as PayPal or BillMeLater your name, billing and shipping addresses and other information requested by that payment service is transferred to us from your account with the third party to enable you to check out of our site without having to re-enter certain information.
Analytics: are used to monitor and analyze web traffic and user behavior.
maglocks uses Google Analytics for these purposes.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the User Data collected to track and examine the use of this Site, to prepare reports on its activities, and to share these reports with other Google services.
Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Google Analytics Privacy Policy is available at:
Google Privacy and Terms
Google Opt Out Policy is available at:
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
Managing Contacts and Sending Messages By filling in the contact form with your email address and name, you authorize maglocks to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes, or any other request. maglocks uses MailChimp to manage a database of user contacts, including email addresses, phone numbers, and date and time of communications with users. MailChimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC.
MailChimp’s privacy policy is available at:
Mailchimp's Legal Policies
Law Enforcement and Protection of Users We will release personally identifiable information to third parties and organizations when we believe it is appropriate for us to do so to comply with the law. We will also do so to cooperate with law enforcement investigations, comply with court orders or subpoenas, protect the legal rights of us and our users, or when we believe it is needed for fraud protection and/or credit risk reduction.
Business Transfer
Maglocks has been in business independently for years, and our intent is to continue in this manner. However, in the unlikely event that Maglocks is sold, has substantially all of its assets acquired or merges or becomes affiliated with any other individual or entity any customer information owned or under the control of Maglocks may be one of the transferred assets.
Security
Our website protects the security of personal information you transmit to us by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you input during the transmission to us. We do not reveal your credit card number when we confirm your order. In order to protect against unauthorized access to your account you should sign off when you finish visiting our site.
Choice/Opt-Out:
We support several options for limiting the amount and type of information you share on our website:
You can choose to browse our Website without accepting cookies. Please know that cookies allow us to recognize you from page to page, and they support your transactions with us. Without cookies enabled, you will still be able to browse our website, but will not be able to take advantage of certain website features. We do not currently monitor or honor any "Do Not Track" browser settings. You may opt out of select third party action-based advertising by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative's consumer opt out program
Children's Online Policy
Maglocks is committed to the preservation of online privacy for all of its website visitors, including children. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Maglocks.com sells products intended for purchase by adults. If you make a purchase on Maglocks.com, you are representing that you are an adult. If you are a child under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using Maglocks.com.
Links to Other Websites
Our websites may contain links to other websites (for example, manufacturer product pages), many of which have their own privacy policies.
Be sure to review the privacy policy on the website you are viewing.
Social Media Features
Our websites include ways to interact and share using social media, through features such as the Facebook "like" button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our website ("widgets").
These features may collect information such as your IP address or the page you are visiting on our website, and may set cookies to enable the feature to function properly.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the social media company providing the feature.
Notice to European Users
This privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Maglocks.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes and application of the law of the state of New York.
If you have any concern about privacy at Maglocks.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will work to resolve it.
Our business continues to evolve, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will continue to evolve as well.
We may e-mail periodic updates of our notices and conditions, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
We stand behind the promises we make and we will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers. Visit our Terms and Conditions of Use page for more details.
This privacy notice was most recently amended on May 25, 2018.
Return to Buyer Guide Home
Shop By Category
Locking Devices
Access Systems
Egress Devices
Hotel Systems
Smart Card Locks
Power, Wire
Featured
Outlet Mall
Entry Devices
E307C Pin+Prox Card Lock
E307F Pin+Fingerprint Lock
Door Alarms and Strobes
Card Printers & Accessories
Guides to Understanding Locking Systems
Customer Support Center
About Maglocks
Instructional Support
Logistics
Policy
Cobra Controls
Hotel Software
Dealer Support
Manufacturer Pages
Gym Programs
maglocks.com a division of Gravino Group, LLC | New York, USA Copyright © maglocks 2020 | secure locking devices | door access and egress
Back To Top