http://www.alaskanational.com/policyholder/fleet-safety
Log In
User Name
Password
Forgot Password? | New User?
Fleet Safety Management
Targeted Solutions that Improve Performance
The best fleet safety programs are custom tailored for your business. Developed in partnership with recognized leaders in vehicle and driver safety, our Fleet Safety Toolkit contains a wide range of solutions to real world problems you and your drivers face each day. Alaska National helps you satisfy all of your fleet and driver safety needs, from tools that help you hire the safest drivers to leading edge telematics and video alert systems.
×
Service Excellence
Road Hazard Alerts
A cutting edge solution that combines cameras with Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology to actively monitor the road ahead to provide early warning on hazards such as lane departure, motorcyclists, pedestrians, unsafe following distance, and braking. This solution provides valuable seconds to driver response times and is proven to reduce claim frequency.
Driver Behavior Monitoring
A solution set that combines the power of cameras, telematics, and human monitoring to provide instant alerts to 'unsafe driver behavior.' Policyholders have an online dashboard that provides managers with driver coaching models, reports, and driver performance scorecards.
How Is My Driving Reporting Service
This simple to implement solution turns the public into part of your fleet safety team and helps you reinforce your commitment to safety. When someone reports your driver to this service, you receive key data about time, location, and nature of complaint along with subject-related training modules that reinforce safe driver behavior.
Continuous MVR and Driver Infraction Monitoring
This powerful service is available at no cost to our policyholders and provides constant monitoring of your drivers' records across all domestic jurisdictions. This tool automates your pull process to ensure you're current with the records of each of your registered drivers.
HR Solutions
Safety begins with the employees you hire. Our partnership with a nationally recognized psychometric job applicant testing company provides your human resources team a powerful way to help select the best candidates for your company. This online service is fast and the results are immediate.
Online Training
This simple to use online service is complimentary for our policyholders and provides 24/7 access to impactful training videos, tests, regulatory information, and fleet management best practices. Dedicated teams of fleet safety and compliance experts keep the material current and fresh.
Distracted Driving Controls
Simple technology that changes the culture of distracted driving by automatically detecting and blocking smartphone use while driving. Your drivers will quickly adjust behavior without losing productivity. This solution does not require the purchase of third party hardware.
Fast Facts
Motor vehicle accidents are the #1 cause of work-related fatalities in the US.*
10% of drivers cause 40% of accidents.**
Drivers convicted of an improper lane change are 82% more likely to have a future crash.**
Distracted driving costs employers $8.2 billion per year.***
25% of collisions are caused by phone-related distracted driving.****
*National Institute for Traffic Safety and Health (NIOSH); **American Transportation Research Institute (ATRI); ***Network of Employers for Traffic Safety (NETS); ****National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA)
Learn More
Road Hazard Alerts
Driver Behavior Monitoring
How Is My Driving Reporting Services
Continuous MVR and
Driver Infraction Monitoring
Online Training
Distracted Driving Controls
Access your LifeSaver discount code
Start Now
© Alaska National Insurance company
Legal & Privacy
Contact Us