https://www.faskc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyFinancial Advisory Service, Inc. and its affiliates (FAS) have adopted this policy with recognizing that protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we obtain about our customers is an important responsibility. FAS is committed to protecting the confidentiality and security of all customer information. The FAS Privacy Policy applies to both current and former customers of FAS. Information We CollectFAS collects certain nonpublic, personal, identifying information about you (such as your name, address, social security number, etc.) from information you provide on applications or other forms as well as communications (electronic, telephone, written or in person) with you or your authorized representatives (such as your attorney, accountant, etc.). We also collect information about your investment accounts and transactions (such as purchases, sales, account balance, inquiries, etc.). Information We DiscloseFAS does not disclose the nonpublic, personal information we collect about our customers to anyone except: (i) in furtherance of our business relationship with them and then only to those persons necessary to effect the transactions and provide the services they authorize (such as broker-dealers, custodians, independent managers, etc.); (ii) to persons assessing our compliance with industry standards (e.g. professional licensing authorities, etc.); (iii) our attorneys, accountants, and auditors; or (iv) as otherwise provided by law. FAS is permitted by law to disclose customer nonpublic, personal information about you to third parties in limited circumstances where disclosure is required by legal or administrative proceeding or permitted under applicable law. At the customer’s request FAS may also disclose customer information to third parties such as the customer’s accountants or attorneys. If FAS provides nonpublic, personal information to companies providing services for FAS, these third parties receiving information are prohibited to use or share the information for any other purpose. Security of Your InformationFAS maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect customer information. Access to customer information is limited to those employees who need the information to properly service and maintain accounts. All FAS employees sign a confidentiality agreement not to disclose customer information. Changes To Our Privacy PolicyIf at any time in the future it becomes necessary for FAS to disclose any nonpublic personal information in any manner inconsistent with this policy, FAS will provide customers advanced notice of the change to allow customers the opportunity to opt out of any disclosure. Contact InformationPlease call FAS at 913-239-2300 or email at info@faskc.com with any questions or comments.