https://www.dgrlegal.com/privacy-practices/
ABOUT
Mission & Values
Staff
Affiliations
Testimonials
LEGAL SERVICES
Overview
Process Service
National
International
Electronic/Social Media
Subpoena/UIDDA
Investigative Services
Messenger Service
Court Document Retrieval
Foreclosure Services
Due Diligence Searches
Executor Searches
RESOURCES
Blog
Video Library
Court Links, Forms & Resources
New Jersey Subpoena Rules
Motion Date Calendar – Civil
Motion Date Calendar – Family
Sitemap
CONTACT
Contact Us
Sending in a Service
Home » Privacy PracticesPrivacy Policy
Your privacy and the security of your personal information are very important to us. We want you to be as comfortable as possible visiting our Website. We are dedicated to protecting the privacy of those who visit our Website. This Privacy Policy governs the United States website operated by us (our “Website”) and explains how we collect your personal information on our Website, how we protect such information, and the choices you have concerning the use of such information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Except as dgrlegal.com. (collectively, “we”, “us”, or “our”) disclose in this Privacy Policy, we will not sell, share, license, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose that information to anyone. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis. By using our Website or any of our products, offerings, features, tools or resources that we provide on our Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Please remember that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by our Website. We are not responsible for the privacy of any information you reveal or post in any public forum (e.g., message board or chat room) or through the “Public Profile” feature available on our Website, or for the privacy practices of websites that are operated or owned by third parties.
WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT ME IS COLLECTED ON OUR WEBSITE?
We collect two types of information: personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information.
Personally Identifiable Information
Personally identifiable information is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you (“Personally Identifiable Information”). Such Personally Identifiable Information may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, billing and credit card information. We may request Personally Identifiable Information from you when you purchase someting on our Website. In all of these cases, we will collect Personally Identifiable Information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. Unless you give us permission to do so, we will not sell, share, license, trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information other than as specified in this Privacy Policy.
You do not have to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information to visit our Website. However, if you choose to withhold requested information, you may not be able to visit all sections of our Website, such as purchasing products.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-Personally Identifiable Information may also include user IP addresses, browser types, domain names, and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Website. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is used to help us understand who uses our Website and to improve and market our Website in general and our Online Products in particular.
Cookies and Action Tags.
We also collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information passively using “cookies” and “action tags.”
“Cookies” are small text files that are placed on your computer in order to identify (i) your Web browser (ii) the activities of your computer on our Website and (iii) your activity in connection with our advertisements and other marketing and promotional efforts. Cookies may be used to:
assist you in using our Online Cart (e.g., to save you time by not having to reenter your name upon each visit to our Website), and
allow us to statistically monitor how you are using our Website for purposes of improving our online offerings.
We also may use cookies to conduct marketing and promotional efforts, tailor certain advertisements to your browser that we think may be of interest to you, or to determine the popularity of certain content.
You do not have to accept cookies to use our Website, however, you may not be able to use certain products, offerings, features, or resources of our Website if you do not accept cookies. Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, you may reset your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally. Most browsers offer instructions on how to do so in the “Help” section of the toolbar.
By using cookies and action tags together, we are able to gain valuable information to improve our Website and our Online Products and measure the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns. We do not disclose any of your Personally Identifiable Information to our advertising partners through the use of cookies or action tags.
Log Files.
We also collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information through our Internet log files, which record data such as user IP addresses, browser types, domain names, and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Website. This information may be used to analyze trends, to administer the Website, to monitor our Website’s use, and to gather general demographic information. We may link this information to Personally Identifiable Information for these and other purposes such as personalizing your experience on our Website and evaluating our Online Products in general.
DOES OUR WEBSITE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE?
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. Our Website is not designed for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13. We urge all parents or guardians to participate in their children’s exploration of the Internet, and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online.
WHAT DOES OUR WEBSITE DO WITH THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS?
In general, we use the information collected on our Website to help us understand who uses our Website and how it is used, to personalize your online experience, to assist you in using our Online Products, to improve our Website.
WHEN DOES OUR WEBSITE DISCLOSE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES?
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, we will not disclose any information we gather from you on our Website.
Laws and Legal Rights.
We may also disclose your information (including Personally Identifiable Information) if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with an applicable statute, regulation, rule or law, a subpoena, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other valid legal process. We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information in special circumstances when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms & Conditions or our Subscription Agreement, or to protect the safety and/or security of our users, our Website or the general public.
Sale of Business.
We reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of dgrlegal.com, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will notify users of any such transfer through notice on our site and through email.
IS THE INFORMATION COLLECTED ON OUR WEBSITE SECURE?
We want your information (including Personally Identifiable Information) to remain as secure as possible. We strive to provide secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers through industry-standard techniques. To help ensure the integrity and privacy of the Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us via the Internet at the time you elect to purchase our Online Products, we use Secured Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology in transmitting such Personally Identifiable Information over the Internet to our servers. We secure the Personally Identifiable Information you provide on servers located in controlled, secure environments, protected from unauthorized access, use, or alteration. Only employees who need access to your information to perform a specific task or function are granted access to such information. In addition, all dgrlegal.com employees must abide by this Privacy Policy and are kept up-to-date on security practices. Any employee who violates this Privacy Policy is subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Notwithstanding the above commitments to protect your information (including Personally Identifiable Information) from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. There is also some risk that others could find a way to thwart our security systems. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security and privacy of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE REGARDING THE COLLECTION, DISCLOSURE AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will only use Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes described above or as otherwise disclosed at the time we request such information from you. You must “opt-in” and give us permission to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose. For example, we have an “opt-in” mechanism so that those who become registered users or subscribe to our Website must give us permission to send them marketing materials and our electronic newsletter. You may also change your preference and “opt-out” of receiving such communications by changing that option in the My Profile feature of our Website, following the directions provided in association with the communication, or by contacting info@dgrlegal.com.
CAN I UPDATE OR CORRECT MY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?
You can always contact us in order to (1) update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information, (2) change your preferences with respect to communications and other information you receive from us, or (3) delete the Personally Identifiable Information maintained about you on our systems, by accessing My Profile or contacting info@dgrlegal.com. Such updates, corrections, changes and deletions will not have an effect on other information that we maintain, or information that we have provided to third-parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such update, correction, change or deletion.
You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to us from our system. The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personally Identifiable Information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate. We promise that promptly after receiving your request, all Personally Identifiable Information stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media will be updated, corrected, changed or deleted, as appropriate, as soon as reasonably practicable.
HOW WILL I KNOW IF THERE ARE ANY CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on our Website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use Personally Identifiable Information in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you, at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your Personally Identifiable Information in the new manner. We may also make non-significant changes to our Privacy Policy that generally will not affect our use of your Personally Identifiable Information. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Website.
WHO DO I CONTACT IF I HAVE ANY PRIVACY QUESTIONS?
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or feel that we are not abiding by the terms of our posted Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Coordinator in any of the following ways:
Email our Privacy Coordinator at:
info@dgrlegal.com
BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU SHOULD NOT USE OUR WEBSITE. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF OUR WEBSITE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY WILL MEAN THAT YOU ACCEPT THOSE CHANGES.
Client Login
Careers
Server Login
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Practices
CONNECT WITH DGR Blog
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
CONTACT US1359 Littleton RoadMorris Plains, NJ 07950P: 973-403-1700F: 973-403-9222E: service@dgrlegal.com
© 2020 DGR Legal.
Created by FocusWorks Marketing
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are alright with receiving cookies through our website. OkLearn more