https://www.andandandcreative.com/cookies-policy
&&&
Work
News
Info
Shop
&&& Creative Ltd
Millmead Business Centre, Millmead Road, London, N17 9QU
engage@andandand.co.uk
+44 (0)20 7739 2135
andandandcreative.com
Privacy Policy
&&& CREATIVE’S COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
We are committed to protecting your privacy and processing your personal data. This policy explains how the information we collect about you is used and kept securely. It also explains your privacy choices when using www.andandandcreative.com as well as your right to access your information.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Through our website, we may collect the following information about you:
Information about your browser and machine, your rough geological location and the time spend on our website.
Your IP address (which is a unique identifier that computers and devices use to identify and communicate with each other) which is automatically recognised by the web server.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use your personal information for a number of purposes, including:
To deal with your requests and enquiries
To contact you for reasons related to your enquiry
To notify you about news from &&& Creative
To use your IP address to monitor traffic and gather browsing behaviours of visitors to our websites
To create meaningful, actionable analysis that will help us to understand how &&& Creative are being talked about and to react accordingly. Your personal information will not be used for marketing purposes or any other services unless you have specifically agreed to let us contact you for these purposes
We will only share your personal information with a third party if required to do so by law or for the purposes of crime prevention or detection
WE USE THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF COOKIES:
Session cookies: to ensure you are recognised when you move from page to page within our site and that any information you enter is remembered.
Persistent cookies: to recognise you as a unique visitor to our website so that we can tailor content to match your interests.
Google Analytics: We are required by Google to disclose the following information to you in our Privacy Statement in connection with our use of any Google Analytics for Display Advertising features on the Our website:
You may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network ads by using the Google Ads Settings Page. You may also prevent your data from being collected and used by Google Analytics by opting out through the use of the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Data from Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting may be utilized by &&& Creative to help recognize and understand user preferences, to make improvements to our website, to choose content displayed to you, and for other business purposes that will allow &&& Creative to better serve you.
Addthis.com cookies: enable users to share pages from this site via social networks and by email.
We love it that users can share our content on social media easily via the plugin supplied by AddThis.com. This plugin does add cookies to your machine to facilitate this process. By using our site you consent to their Privacy Policy. We take your privacy seriously and have provide links for you to opt-out of these cookies.
AddThis Privacy Policy deals how they use your personal details and offers several ways to opt-out
DAA opt out programme
EDAA opt-out program
NOTES
At the present time it is not technically possible for us to allow you to carry your settings with you between your browsers and devices so you will need to change these settings from each browser you use. Please also be aware that we make every effort to respect your choices, however, there is the possibility that not all cookies will be captured. If this is a concern then we would recommend that you change your cookies settings via your browser; your browser help function will tell you how.
For further information visit: www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
We sometimes embed photos and video content from websites such as Twitter and YouTube. Pages with this embedded content may present cookies from these websites. &&& Creative Ltd does not control the dissemination of these cookies and this tool will not block cookies from those websites. You should check the relevant third party website for more information about their cookies policy.
USE OF COOKIES AND HOW YOU CAN DISABLE THEM
A cookie is a piece of text that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk in order to remember who you are. Cookies interact with your computer and our website faster and easier by remembering the registration details and preferences from previous visits. Typically, a cookie will contain the name of the website from which the cookie has come, the lifetime of the cookie and a value. The use of cookies does not give us access to the rest of your computer and only the site that created the cookie can read it.
FINDING OUT WHAT INFORMATION &&& CREATIVE HOLDS ABOUT YOU
You can ask to see any personal information that we hold about you. Such requests are called subject access requests. If you would like to make a subject access request, please contact engage@andandandcreative.com
You will also need to provide two forms of identification, for example, driving license, utility bill or passport and, if appropriate, any particulars about the source or location of the information you are requesting.
Email newsletter
By signing up for our newsletter you are signing up to receive emails about the latest initiatives of &&& Creative. Our email signup form is delivered through Mail chimp, you can view their privacy policy via this link.
Subscribers will be sent the occasional email about our latest initiatives.
Inline with the new EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) during the signup phase we request your consent to send you these emails.
Subscribers can change their mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at engage@andandandcreative.com. We will treat your information with respect.
We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. By subscribing you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We regularly review our Privacy Policy and updates will appear on this page when necessary.
Last updated on 22 Oct 2019
CONTACTING &&& CREATIVE ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please write to us:
&&& Creative Ltd, Unit 78, Millmead Business Centre, Millmead Road, London, N17 9QU.
Updated 22/10/2019 - &&& Creative
Services
Creative Direction
Designed to bring content to life
Brand Identity
Crafted to resonate with your audience
Website Design
Delivering intuitive user experiences
Clients
Office for Metropolitan Architecture
Off-White™
Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago
Dirty Soup Ltd
Vodafone
Hawkins\Brown
"Simon and the team at &&& never fail to deliver designs that get everyone at Polity talking. They can turn their hand to any request and we’re mighty glad we found them."
Clare Ansell, Senior Production Editor, Polity Press
Work
Great music deserves great design
Brand Identity					- Dirty Soup Ltd
Designing the format for the 24-hr ‘Marathon of Interviews’
by Hans Ulrich Obrist x Rem Koolhaas
Creative Direction					- Serpentine Galleries
Transforming Vodafone’s customer magazine Cilichili into an online mobile ambassador
Website Design					- Vodafone
See More
10 March 2014 3:54 pm
Our website uses cookies, please read our Privacy Policy.
If you continue to use our website we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our site.
I Agree