http://www.itsalesprofessionals.com/termsofservice.html
TERMS OF SERVICE
Please read the following provisions carefully before using this site. In order to access the services in this website provided by itsalesprofessionals.com, you agree to abide by and comply with these terms and conditions : The following are the terms and conditions for use of the services provided by itsalesprofessionals.com from time to time in respect of this site (the "Service"). By completing the registration process, you represent that you have read and agree to be bound by all of these terms and conditions of the Service (the "Terms and Conditions"). The term "you" as used herein refers to all individuals and/or entities accessing or using the Service for any reason.
1. ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD
In consideration of the use of the Service, you must open an account and complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete and accurate information as required by the Registration Form. You also agree to maintain and promptly update the said information to keep it current, complete and accurate. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or itsalesprofessionals.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, itsalesprofessionals.com has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof). After completing the said Registration Form, you then will choose a password and an account name. You are responsible for keeping your password and account name confidential. Furthermore, you are responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account and the words "you", "your" shall include you and any person or persons using your account to access the Service at itsalesprofessionals.com. You agree to inform itsalesprofessionals.com immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password or any breach of security.
2. DATA PRIVACY
You agree that all personal data relating to your account collected by itsalesprofessionals.com from time to time may be used and disclosed for such purposes and to such persons as may be in accordance with itsalesprofessionals.com's policies on use and disclosure of personal data. For full details regarding the privacy policy of itsalesprofessionals.com, please go to our Privacy Policy.
3. COMPLETE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These Terms and Conditions and itsalesprofessionals.com's Privacy Policy which is hereby incorporated as if set forth fully herein, represent the complete agreement between the parties concerning its subject matter.
4. COVENANTS
These Terms and Conditions and itsalesprofessionals.com's Privacy Policy which is hereby incorporated as if set forth fully herein, represent the complete agreement between the parties concerning its subject matter. As a condition of your use of the Service, you agree that you will not use the Service for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you further agree not to:- use this site to transmit, post or upload any Content which is illegal, obscene, harassing, tortious, vulgar, threatening, abusive, offensive, profane, defamatory, or which infringe upon the rights of third parties; transmit, post or upload any Content that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, or any other harmful or deleterious programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunication equipment, or other Content protected by intellectual property laws, rights of privacy or publicity or any other applicable law unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents; interfere with or disrupt networks connected to the Service or violate the regulations, polices or procedures of such networks; attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Service, through password mining or any other means; interfere with another member's use and enjoyment of the Service or another individual's or entity's use and enjoyment of similar services; disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges; "stalk" or otherwise harass another; or collect or store personal or confidential data about other users.
5. MONITORING
itsalesprofessionals.com does not actively monitor the Content posted, transmitted or sent by the users on or through this site or guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. However, itsalesprofessionals.com will consider complaints concerning inappropriate Content on this site and it reserves the right to remove, without warning, any Content from this site or any link to any site which is considered, in the sole discretion of itsalesprofessionals.com, inappropriate. This includes, for example, offensive, racial, discriminating, pornographic, obscene, indecent, commercial or advertising material, information or instructions concerning illegal activities, material infringing or encouraging infringement of intellectual property rights, and links or any kind of access to content of the same. Under no circumstances will itsalesprofessionals.com be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, e-mailed or otherwise transmitted via the Service.
6. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The Service, or other third parties, may provide links to other sites or resources ("Linked Site(s)"). Unless otherwise stated on this site, itsalesprofessionals.com has no control over or rights in the Linked Sites and is not responsible for their availability. itsalesprofessionals.com is not responsible for the Content of any Linked Site or any links contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to such sites. itsalesprofessionals.com is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. itsalesprofessionals.com is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by itsalesprofessionals.com of the site or any association with their operators. You agree that itsalesprofessionals.com shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the services or the Content of the Linked Site.
7. DISCLAIMERS & LIMITATION OF LIABILITY This site is provided by itsalesprofessionals.com on "as is" and "as available" basis. itsalesprofessionals.com, its parent and its affiliates make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Content or products or services included on this site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, itsalesprofessionals.com, its parents and its affiliates disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, standard of quality or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the Service or any products, services or goods available or advertised or sold or provided through the Service, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from computer virus. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, itsalesprofessionals.com, its parents and its affiliates do not represent or warrant that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Service or the server that makes it available, is free of viruses or other harmful or destructive components. itsalesprofessionals.com do not accept responsibility for any interference or damage to your own computer system which arises in connection with your accessing of this web site or any linked web site. itsalesprofessionals.com, its parents and its affiliates do not warrant , endorse or represent that any Content or advice, opinion, statement or information made available as part of the Service or through web sites linked to this site will be complete , accurate, timely or reliable. If you rely in any way on the Service or any Content or advice, opinion, statement, information or any other materials available through the Service, you agree that you do so entirely at your own risk. You specifically agree that neither itsalesprofessionals.com, its parents nor its affiliates shall be responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, losses or expenses howsoever arising (including through negligence) in connection with this site or any web site linked to this site or use or inability to use thereof including, without limitation, those arising from unauthorized access to your account or transmission of the Content or any transactions entered into through the Service. You specifically agree that neither itsalesprofessionals.com, its parents nor its affiliates shall be responsible or liable for any threatening, defamatory, obscene, offensive or illegal content or conduct of any other party or any infringement of another's rights, including intellectual property rights. You specifically agree that neither itsalesprofessionals.com, its parents nor its affiliates shall be responsible for the Content sent, used and/or included in the Service by any third party. Neither itsalesprofessionals.com, its parents, its affiliates nor its information providers or suppliers shall be liable regardless of the cause or duration, for any inaccuracies, errors, omissions, or other defects in, or unavailability or unauthenticity or untimeliness of, the information contained within the Service, or for any delay or interruption in the transmission thereof to the user, or for any claims or losses arising therefrom or occasioned thereby. None of the foregoing parties shall be liable for any third-party claims or losses of any nature, including but not limited to, any lost profits, punitive or consequential damages. The disclaimers set out in these terms and conditions are not affected or modified by any of the other terms and conditions set out herein.
8. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTIES
The Service together with all Content made available as part of the Service are the properties of itsalesprofessionals.com or its licensors and are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. itsalesprofessionals.com or its licensors owns the copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such Content, as well as in the Content original to it. You may not modify, publish, transmit, redistribute, participate in the transfer or sale or offer for sale of, create derivative works of, or in any way exploit, any of such Content, whether in whole or in part. You may only download such part of the Content as expressly permitted to be downloaded in this site for the use specified and for your own use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted by itsalesprofessionals.com and the copyright owner with written permission and/or under the applicable copyright law, no modification, copying, redistribution, uploading, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark, legend or copyright notice shall be made. The user acknowledges that he or she does not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you may not download, create unauthorized link to or frame any part of the Service unless expressly permitted by itsalesprofessionals.com.
9. PARTICIPATION IN PROMOTIONS OF ADVERTISERS Any dealings with the advertisers or users on the Service or participation in promotions, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between you and the advertiser or other third party. Neither itsalesprofessionals.com, its parents nor its affiliates shall be responsible or liable for any part of any such dealings or promotions.
10. INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless itsalesprofessionals.com, its parents, its affiliates and all of their employees, agents, directors, officers, proprietors, partners, representatives, shareholders, servants, attorneys, predecessors, successors, and assigns, from and against any and all claims, proceedings, damages, injuries, liabilities, losses, costs, and expenses (including legal fees and litigation expenses on a full indemnity basis), relating to or arising from the use or misuse of the Service or the Content by you or any user of your account or any breach by you of the Terms and Conditions.
11. TERMINATION
itsalesprofessionals.com may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or access to any part or all of the Service or any related service(s) at any time with immediate effect without any notice in its sole discretion for any reason, including without limitation the lack of use of your account or a reasonable belief by itsalesprofessionals.com that you have failed to comply with the Terms and Conditions. All disclaimers herein will nevertheless survive any such termination. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this site and any copies thereof. If you wish to terminate your account, your only recourse is to discontinue the use of the Service. You are responsible for all fees and charges incurred (if any) up to the time of termination of your account irrespective of the reason for termination.
12. MODIFICATIONS TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS itsalesprofessionals.com reserves the right to change the Terms and Conditions or policies or rules regarding the use of the Service at any time and to notify you by posting an updated version of the Terms and Conditions on this site. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms and Conditions. Continued use of the Service after any such posting of notice of modification shall be conclusively deemed acceptance of the revised terms of this Terms and Conditions. If any such revision is unacceptable to you, you shall terminate use of the Service immediately.
13. MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE
itsalesprofessionals.com reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue or restrict your access to, either temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that itsalesprofessionals.com shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service. itsalesprofessionals.com further reserves the right to impose fees or charges for the Service or any part of the Service provided that your prior agreement to pay such fees or charges will first be obtained.
14. EMPLOYER PRICING
THIS SERVICE IS FREE TO ALL.
15. GOVERNING LAW & JURISDICTION
This site (excluding Linked Sites) is operated by itsalesprofessionals.com from its central office. By accessing this site or the Services, you agree that any claim relating to itsalesprofessionals.com's site shall be governed by the laws of the state in which itsalesprofessionals.com is located without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws, provided that itsalesprofessionals.com reserves the right to pursue civil or criminal proceedings in any jurisdiction having control over you or your assets. You confirm that you have all the requisite approvals for using the Internet and online conduct.
16. GENERAL PROVISIONS
Headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation or construction of the Terms and Conditions.
17. SEVERABILITY
If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision (or portion thereof as is deemed void, unlawful or unenforceable) shall be deemed severed from the Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other portion of such provision, or the remaining provisions.
18. MISCELLANEOUS
The provisions of the Terms and Conditions will survive the termination of your use of the Service. Failure to insist on strict performance of any provision of the Terms and Conditions will not operate as a waiver of any subsequent default or failure of performance. No waiver of any provision of the Terms and Conditions will be valid unless in writing and acknowledged in writing or electronically by both parties.