http://www.bc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
At Boise Cascade Company (“Boise Cascade”), our goal is to offer you a level of personalized service you won’t find anywhere else. Boise Cascade respects and protects the privacy of our customers and everyone who visits our site. This privacy statement is intended to let you know what information we typically gather – and how we intend to use it.
The Information We Gather
As a matter of practice, the categories and specific pieces of personal information Boise Cascade collects are the domain name, Uniform Resource Locator (URL), and Internet Protocol (IP) address of visitors to our website. In addition, Boise Cascade collects aggregate information on what pages customers access or visit, as well as opt-in information volunteered through surveys, e-mails, or site registrations. Boise Cascade shall provide the information collected from a California resident to that resident upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request, subject to the provisions of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.
What We Do With the Information, and What We Don’t
We use the information we collect to improve the content of our website. Where appropriate, we share aggregate statistical information with our business partners. These statistics do not include any personally identifying information. Boise Cascade does not sell your personal information.
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information that Boise Cascade may have collected. Upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request from a California resident to delete the consumer’s personal information, Boise Cascade shall delete the consumer’s personal information from its records and direct any service providers to delete the consumer’s personal information from their records UNLESS it is necessary for Boise Cascade to maintain the consumer’s personal information for one of the reasons delineated in Section 1798.105 of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.
Upon receipt of a verifiable request from a California resident requesting such information, Boise Cascade shall disclose to the consumer the following:
(1) The categories of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
(2) The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
(3) The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
(4) The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information.
(5) The specific pieces of personal information the business has collected about that consumer.
The methods for submitting requests for information required to be disclosed pursuant to this Policy and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 are (1) 844-823-2382, and (2) EthicsPoint.
External Links, Affiliates, and Subsidiary Sites
Our site contains links to external Internet sites, as well as Boise Cascade affiliate and subsidiary websites, which may have privacy practices that differ from those at www.bc.com.
When you click on links that take you to such sites, you will be subject to their privacy policies, and we encourage you to become familiar with that party’s privacy policies, as these may differ from those utilized on our site. Please note that this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Boise Cascade on our site and does not reflect Boise Cascade’s offline privacy and/or offline information gathering and maintenance policies. While Boise Cascade strongly supports the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other websites, uses of the information collected by other websites, or the content of those other websites.
Miscellaneous
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. If our information practices change at some point in the future, we will post the policy changes to the Boise Cascade website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check our site periodically.
Boise Cascade shall not discriminate against a consumer because the consumer exercised any of the consumer’s rights under this Policy, including, but not limited to, by:
(1) Denying goods or services to the consumer.
(2) Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
(3) Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer, if the consumer exercises the consumer’s rights under this title.
(4) Suggesting that the consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Who to Contact With Questions
You are responsible for protecting information and systems on your premises. If you are concerned about the security of information in these systems, you should contact your Information Technology (IT) department. When these systems are provided by us, we provide tools to facilitate these efforts to meet your business needs.
If you feel that this website is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us by e-mail or by one of the two methods described above.
Updated 1/1/2020
We use cookies on our website to give you an improved browser experience. By clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of ALL cookies as noted in the Cookie settings. See our privacy policy for more information.ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Cookies are small files that are sent to your browser and are stored on your device. They can be used to store certain types of information. Out of these, cookies categorized as “necessary” are essential for the basic functionalities of the website to work. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You have the option to opt-out of these cookies but opting out may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are strictly essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website. These do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
These cookies may not be necessary for the website to function, but they are used specifically to collect user data through analytics, ads, and other embedded contents. These provide statistics that make the site more convenient, useful, and enhance your user experience. It is mandatory to get user consent prior to running these cookies on a website.