http://www.spygadgets.com/terms-of-conditions/
Sign inCreate An Account
Account
877.779.2261
Home
Terms And Conditions
Terms & Conditions
By placing an order through this website, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth as below. Please read through these terms carefully before placing your order. Please print a copy for future reference. Please also read our Privacy Policy regarding personal information provided by you, which is incorporated herein by reference.
This Agreement is between SpyGadgets Inc. (Referred herein as Company) and you ("you", "your" or "Customer") This Section sets forth the terms and conditions which apply to the use by you of the Company Sites (as defined below) and any other subscription product or service offered for sale by Company and/or its affiliates (collectively, "Company "). Company reserves the right to make changes to the Company sites, policies, and these Terms at any time without notice.
By using, accessing or ordering products from this Website, you hereby agree to all of the following terms.
Return Policy:
SpyGadgets Return Rules & Restrictions
The company offers a 100% satisfaction guarantee. If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, within 30 days of your purchase we'll give you a full refund, or the same amount in store credit—it’s your choice. We're committed to making sure you are totally satisfied with every surveillance product you buy from us and fully confident using each one!
Returns SpyGadgets considers any item returned to our warehouse a “Return.” This includes unclaimed packages that were shipped to buyer and returned for any reason, i.e. signatories not available, not claimed, etc. Spy Gadgets is not responsible for any error in our customer’s instructions. You must request a RMA number before returning any item.
All returns must have an RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization) Number Products returned without an RMA may get lost in the process, thereby inhibiting us from crediting, repairing or replacing your return. Please follow these simple instructions so we can process your return quickly and effectively.
To request an RMA# please call or email our Customer Service Department. This will determine if you need to return the product, all returns are usually sent directly to our warehouse.Please ensure that the item is in its original condition (including: packaging, manuals, warranties, accessories, security seals, and shrink wrap). We must receive your item back within 20 days of when we issue the RMA. Please allow us 5 - 10 business days from the time we receive the item to process your return.
Note:merchandise returned with missing items are not eligible for a refund. For your protection, we recommend that all returns be sent back via traceable carrier with Signature Required. Spy Gadgets does not accept USPS Delivery Confirmation as Proof of Delivery. The customer must pay all costs related to return shipping. After receiving and inspecting the returned merchandise, we will determine the course of action; credit, repair or replacement. A 15% restocking fee may be applicable on any unused items.
Non-Defective Returns:Require PRIOR approval and a valid RMA Number. AFTER you are given a RMA number, you may return most non-defective, un-used items for a refund of the product cost less a restocking fee of 15%. Shipping cost is non-refundable. When requesting credit on items that are not defective we will issue an in house credit to your account to use towards your next purchase.
Defective Returns: SpyGadgets stands behind all products sold. Items have different warranty periods depending on the Manufacturer some items carry a Limited Warranty of One (1) Year and other items carry a Ninety Day (90) Limited Warranty. All warranty coverage starts from date of purchase. Proof of Purchase may be requested by SPYGADGETS. See our Terms and Conditions of Sale for more information on SPYGADGETS’s Limited Warranty. SPYGADGETS will determine if the item is in fact defective upon receipt and inspection, at no time can any item be replaced before the item in question is returned and inspected. If the item shows signs of misuse, abuse, missing parts or failure to follow instructions it will not be accepted for warranty consideration and will be returned to the customer. Items returned, that are being claimed as defective or damaged, WILL BE SUBJECT to a 15% restocking fee if they are found to be in working order and we issue credit on them. Please insure you read the manual. Items returned for replacement or repair that are claimed to be defective and are not will be charged the shipping fee back to the customer. When requesting credit on items that are defective, we will issue a store credit or refund.
We cannot accept the return of certain itemsfor credit, including:
Open or used products
Open Software
Special order products
Fees for service performed or shipping
Single use products such as Pepper Spray
Custom built products such as Hidden Cameras
Activated GPS Tracking Devices
Counter-Surveillance Detectors
Memory Cards once opened
GPS tracking service plans
GPS service plans must be cancelled prior to the start of the billing cycle in order to not incur fees for the next billing cycle.
All Sales on the above listed items are final.
Support Technical, Billing, Questions
Toll Free Customer Care is available by phoning,877-779-2261 Monday-Friday, 9am-5pm CST.
If you believe that you have been billed improperly, please notify Our Customer Service Department immediately. If we do not hear from you within thirty (30) days after such billing error first appears on any account statement, such fee will be deemed acceptable by you for all purposes, including resolution of inquiries made by your credit card issuer. You release us from all liabilities and claims of loss resulting from any error or discrepancy that is not reported to us within thirty (30) days of its publication.
Terms of Service (TOS)
This Terms of Service is a legally binding agreement made by and between SpyGadgets Inc. and you, personally and, if applicable, on behalf of the entity for whom you are using this website (collectively, you). This TOS governs your use of this website and the services we offer on the Website (Services), so please read it carefully. BY ACCESSING OR USING ANY PART OF THE WEBSITE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS TOS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE SO BOUND, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE. INTERNET TECHNOLOGY AND THE APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES, AND REGULATIONS CHANGE FREQUENTLY. ACCORDINGLY, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES TO THIS TOS AT ANY TIME. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE CONSTITUTES ASSENT TO ANY NEW OR MODIFIED PROVISION OF THIS TOS THAT MAY BE POSTED ON THE WEBSITE.
1. Use of the Company Sites:
The Company Sites contain links to other websites, resources and advertisers. Company is not responsible for the availability of these external sites nor does it endorse or is it responsible for the contents, advertising, products or other materials made available on or through such external sites. Under no circumstances shall Company be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage caused or alleged to have been caused to a user in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on such external site. You should direct any concerns to such external site's administrator or webmaster.
2. Disclaimer of Warranty; Limitation of Liability:
Company neither endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement on the Company sites, nor for any offensive, defamatory or obscene posting made. Under no circumstances will Company be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained through the content on the Company sites. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information, opinion, advice or other content available through the Company sites. Please seek the advice of professionals, as appropriate, regarding the evaluation of any specific information, opinion, advice or other content, including but not limited to financial, health, or lifestyle information, opinion, advice or other content.
SpyGadgets is not responsible for misuse or illegal use of its products or services.
3. Indemnification:
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company, its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, independent contractors, telecommunication providers, and agents, from and against any and all claims, actions, loss, liabilities, expenses, costs, or demands, including without limitation legal and accounting fees, for all damages directly, indirectly, and/or consequentially resulting or allegedly resulting from Your misuse or inability to use the Website, or Your breach of any of these terms and conditions of this Agreement. We shall promptly notify you by electronic mail of any such claim or suit, and cooperate fully (at your expense) in the defense of such claim or suit. If we do not hear from you promptly, we reserve the right to defend such claim or suit and seek full recompense from you.
4. Miscellaneous:
This Agreement and all matters arising out of, or otherwise relating to, this Agreement shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of New York, excluding its conflict of law provisions. Venue for any matter arising from or related to this Agreement shall exist solely and exclusively in New York and the parties hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the New York district of appeals.
In the event any Party shall commence any claims, actions, formal legal action, or arbitration to interpret and/or enforce the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or relating in any way to this Agreement, including without limitation asserted breaches of representations and warranties, the prevailing party in any such action or proceeding shall be entitled to recover, in addition to all other available relief, its reasonable attorney's fees and costs incurred in connection therewith, including attorney's fees incurred on appeal. No waiver of or by the Company shall be deemed a waiver of any subsequent default of the same provision of this Agreement. If any term, clause or provision hereof is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the validity or operation of any other term, clause or provision and such invalid term, clause or provision shall be deemed to be severed from this Agreement.
The Company shall not be responsible for any failure to perform due to unforeseen circumstances or to causes beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to: acts of God, such as fire, flood, earthquakes, hurricanes, tropical storms or other natural disasters; war, riot, arson, embargoes, acts of civil or military authority, or terrorism; strikes, or shortages in transportation, facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials; failure of the telecommunications or information services infrastructure; hacking, spam, or any failure of a computer, server or software, for so long as such event continues to delay the Company's performance.
All headings are solely for the convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning, construction or effect of this Agreement. This Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to Your access and use of the Website and Your ordering and use of the Products, and supersedes and replaces all prior understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matters. The Company reserves the right to change any of the provisions posted herein and you agree to review these terms and conditions each time you visit the Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of any changes to these terms and conditions constitutes your acceptance of such changes. The Company does not and will not assume any obligation to provide you with notice of any change to this document.
Unless accepted by the Company in writing, these terms and conditions may not be amended by you.
Security
We utilize the Internet’s strongest security measures. Your personal financial information is transmitted over the Internet in a very safe and highly encrypted Secure Socket Layer (SSL) format by Stripe & PayPal to ensure your safety and privacy. Stripe & PayPal is the trusted provider of secure Internet services for the digital world.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit our Website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions, including limitations on damages and application of the law. If you have any concern about privacy at on our Website, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions may change also. From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives, changes in the law or technology, or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use. If we make revisions to the way we collect or use personal data, we may provide notice of those changes by either: (1) announcing the change on the home page of the site or (2) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances, including without limitation, posting the revised draft of this privacy policy on the site. Any changes to this policy will become effective upon posting of the revised privacy policy on the Internet, accessible through the site. By continuing to use the site following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or in part, please do not continue using this site.
DISCLAIMER: Monitoring software, trackers, and audio surveillance devices are designed to be used only in situations in which you are legally permitted to use them. Check your local state and federal laws to ensure that you are in compliance before using any monitoring products.
NOTE: make, model and color of products may vary from the actual picture shown.
© 2020 SpyGadgets All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Conditions
Legal Notice
Sign in
Forgot your password?
OR
Create A New Account