http://www.ess-food.fr/en/cookie-data-protection-policy/
Skip to content
en
Cookie & data protection policy
1. Privacy notice for ESS-FOOD Group (a part of Danish Crown Group)
This privacy policy describes how ESS-FOOD Group (”ESS-FOOD or “we”) collects and uses the personal data which you either leave through footprints and/or provide when you visit our website, www.danishcrown.com, and use the various services and activities we offer.
1. Collection of personal data2. Use of personal data, purpose and legal basis3. Retention4. Consent5. Security6. Your rights7. Links to other websites8. Amendments of this privacy policy9. Contact
1.1. Collection of personal data
We always inform you before we collect your personal data. We collect the following personal data about you if you sign up for one of our news-services or competitions: name, e-mail ad-dress, telephone number. We may collect other personal data in the case of job application. In such cases we will always inform you before collection of the personal data.Please note that some personal data is necessary to collect in order for you to use the functions of the website. Each of the relevant formulas will indicate whether it is mandatory or optional for you to provide the personal data. If providing the personal data is mandatory, the relevant field will be marked by a star (*). If you decide not to provide the personal data in question, you may not be able to use the function. For instance, you must provide your contact information in order for us to reply to a request from you.
If you provide personal data on other persons than yourself, you must ensure that you collect consent to provide us the personal data from the relevant persons.
Personal data will be collected when you use the functions listed below:
- Sign up for newsletters or SMS services (e.g. foodservice, supplier to ESS-FOOD or oth-ers)- Sign up for competitions or contests- Applying for a job at ESS-FOOD- Using the owner page
1.2. Use of personal data, purpose and legal basis
When you use our website or services, personal data is collected and used for the following purposes:
- Providing you with material that you have requested- Deliver products, gifts or prices to the contestant- Job applications
The processing of your personal data will often be necessary to comply with your request or to perform our services. We note that ESS-FOOD will only use your personal data for marketing activities if you have given a prior and explicit consent to such use.
In certain circumstances and according to legislation it may be necessary to disclose data to public authorities. We may also disclose your personal data in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights. Furthermore, your personal data can be disclosed to legal entities of ESS-FOOD:
In the event of reorganisation or total or partial sale of the business, disclosure, if any, will in such connection take place in accordance with the legislation governing such processing of personal data at the time in question.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. You can learn more about our use of cookies in our Cookie Poli-cy, which you can find here: https://www.danishcrown.com/cookies-and-data-protection-policy/
1.3. Retention
ESS-FOOD will delete your personal data when we no longer need your personal data in order to fulfil the abovementioned purposes. However, we may process your personal data for longer in an anonymised form or if we are obliged or entitled to do so pursuant to the legislation.
1.4. Consent
When you use our website we sometimes collect and process your personal data based on your consent.
Please note that you may withdraw your consent at any time. Please contact us, if you wish to withdraw your consent.
You can withdraw your consent by contacting ESS-FOOD through e-mail or telephone using the contact information listed in section 9.
If you withdraw your consent, we will stop the processing of your personal data, unless we are entitled or obliged to continue the processing or storage of your personal data on another legal basis, e.g. pursuant to legislation.
Withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the with-drawal.
If you withdraw your consent you may not be able to use the functions offered on our website in full.
1.5. Security
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to ensure an adequate security level and require that trusted third parties who process your personal infor-mation do the same. Accordingly, we use our best efforts to ensure the confidentiality and in-tegrity of your personal data.
1.6. Your rights
You have a right of access to the personal data, which we process and store about you, subject to certain statutory exceptions.
Furthermore, you have the right to object to the collection and further processing of your per-sonal data. Moreover, you have the right to rectification of your personal data, or to require us to restrict the processing of your personal data.
If you so request, we will erase the personal data which we have registered on you without un-due delay, unless we may continue the processing on another legal basis, e.g. if the processing is necessary to defend a legal claim or to comply with a request from you.
Under certain circumstances, you may also request that we provide you with an overview of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and request us to transmit such data to another data controller.
If you wish to exercise your rights as described above, please contact us (see contact infor-mation section 9 below).
In connection with requests regarding your rights, we kindly ask you to provide us with suffi-cient information in order for us to handle your request, including name and e-mail address, and to identify you. If necessary, we may ask for further information. We will reply to your re-quest as soon as possible and no later than one month.
If you disagree with how we process your personal data or the purposes for which we process your personal data, you may either contact us, take legal actions at the ordinary courts or you may lodge a complaint with:
DatatilsynetBorgergade 28, 3.1300 København K.dt@datatilsynet.dk
1.7. Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content of other websites (third party websites) or for the procedures of such third parties for collecting and processing personal data. If you visit a website of a third party, you should read the privacy policy and other relevant policies of the owner of the website.
1.8. Amendments of this privacy policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy based on substantial changes in the legisla-tion, new technical solutions, new or improved functions and to improve the website.
2. Privacy Notice to suppliers, Customers and business partnersDuring the course of your cooperation with ESS-FOOD, we will process your personal data ac-cording to this Privacy Notice. ESS-FOOD is data controller in relation to the personal data which is collected and processed in connection to your deliveries.
We process the information, including personal data, which we receive in connection with your deliveries to control the payment and services
Specifically we process the following information:• Contact information• Information relevant to the cooperation
The basis of our processing of your personal data is the agreement between you and ESS-FOOD. Furthermore, your personal data may be processed on the basis of your consent, e.g. if you have consented to the disclosure of your personal data or to other processing of your per-sonal data. We may also process your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests (e.g. prior to entering an agreement with you).
If you terminate the cooperation with ESS-FOOD we will store your personal data for five years.
You may withdraw consents given to us at any time. The withdrawal of consent will affect the future processing of your personal data. If you wish to withdraw consent, please contact us as described below.
Your personal data may be shared with other group companies, if relevant. Such group compa-nies may include group companies located in countries outside the EU/EEA not ensuring an adequate level of data protection. Such transfer will be safeguarded by the EU Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses. Otherwise you will be asked to provide your explicit consent to the transfer.
Your information is transferred/disclosed to the following recipients:• Other business partners, which you have consented to• Public authorities• Data processors
You have a right of access to the personal data, which we process and store about you, subject to certain statutory exceptions. Furthermore, you have the right to object to the collection and request restriction of the processing of your personal data. In addition, you have the right to require us to rectify or under certain circumstances erase your personal data.
Under certain circumstances, you may also request that we provide you with an overview of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and request us to transmit such data to another data controller.
If you want to exercise any of your rights, if you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data, you may contact us at dc@danishcrown.dk.
If you have any complaints regarding the processing of your personal data, please do not hesi-tate to contact us. You can also file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
2.1. ContactIf you wish us to update, rectify or delete the personal data we have registered on you or if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you can contact us:
Danish Crown A/SMarsvej 43, 8960 RandersTelephone: 8919 1919E-mail: dc@danishcrown.dk
The ESS-FOOD Privacy Notice will be updated on a regular basis.*****
COOKIE-INFORMATION
The information in this Cookie Policy is provided to you in an open and transparent way, so that you can see how cookies are used to enrich your visitor experience and make an informed choice to allow their usage. However, if you wish to delete cookies, this can be done via settings in your web browser. Below you can read more about our use of cookies.CookiesWhen you visit this website your online device will automatically receive one or several cookies, which are transferred from this website to your internet browser.What is a cookie?A cookie is a small text file. It does not contain any personal information and is not able to collect information.  Two types of cookies can be used, "session-only" and "persistent". "Session-only" cookies are deleted when you end your browser session. "Persistent cookies" remain on your device for the time period set in the cookie after which time they delete themselves. However, these cookies may be renewed every time you visit the website.Cookie typesIt is common to distinguish between first-party cookies and-third party cookies. First-party cookies are allocated to the website that you visit while third-party cookies come from a third-party, such as a web analytics program.Why does the website use cookies?We use cookies to assess content usage and to compile statistics about the use of the website in order to improve the user experience. This data may be used to define where the visitors come from, what content is viewed and for how long. This information cannot be used to identify a visitor as an individual.  Both first-party and third-party cookies may be used on this website.How long will cookies be stored on my computer?Cookie lifetime may vary. Some cookies will disappear when you close the browser while others exist for longer. For more information on cookie expiry see the cookie declaration.Can I still visit the website if the cookie-function is disabled?Yes. Should you have cookies disabled on your online device, you will continue to have the same access to the website content as with cookies enabled. However, some functions such as surveys and tools might operate with reduced functionality or not at all.How to avoid or delete a cookie?Most browsers accept cookies by default. You can alter your browser settings to not accept cookies or delete the cookies from your computer. Different web browsers may use different methods for managing cookies. Please follow the instructions below, from the most common web browser manufacturers directly, to configure your browser settings*.Microsoft Internet Explorer (IE)Google ChromeSafariFirefox
* These links are to third party sites, over which we have no control – no liability can be claimed if they are inaccurate.
No scan yet
Strictly necessary (0)
Strictly necessary cookies help make a website navigable by activating basic functions such as page navigation and access to secure website areas. Without these cookies, the website would not be able to work properly.
Functional (0)
Functional cookies make it possible to save information that changes the way the website appears or acts. For instance your preferred language or region.
Statistical (3)
Statistical cookies help the website owner understand how visitors interact with the website by collecting and reporting information.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Expiry
_ga
.ess-food.com
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes.
2 years
_gid
.ess-food.com
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes.
a day
_gat
.ess-food.com
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes.
a minute
Marketing (0)
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and interesting to the individual user and thus more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers.
Unclassified (0)
We are in the process of classifying unclassified cookies together with the providers of the individual cookies.
Your consent applies to the following domains: ess-food.com