https://www.ghconsulting.co.uk/privacy-and-security/
Toggle navigation
Home
HR Consultancy
Consultancy
SME Support
Health & Safety
Surveys
HR Resources
Business & HR
Employee Relations
Government Bodies
HR Associations
HR Services & Software
Learning & Development
Pay, Benefits & Pensions
Research & Analysis
Specialist Areas
Voluntary Sector
Travel
Weather
Industry News
Contact
Welcome To GH Consulting
Human Resources Strategy and Management Consultancy
Privacy and Security
HomePrivacy and Security
Your attention is drawn to the following:
We are strongly committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information and the security of our computer systems. As a general rule, we do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site to read or download information:
We collect and store web usage statistics. These allow us to see where people are accessing the web site from, how many “hits” we are getting, how much data is being transferred and more. For example, we can also see extra information such as search words people have used to visit the site and the days/times that the site is most popular. Statistics are updated daily. Looking at and analysing these statistics is essential for understanding what visitors to the site are looking for, and helping us to design a more successful site.
For security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, our website also employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited.
If you identify yourself by sending an E-mail containing personal information:
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example your mailing address, in an E-mail message requesting that information be mailed to you. Information collected in this manner is used solely for responding to requests for information or records. We do not provide our electronic mailing list to third parties.
If you link to other sites:
Our Website has links to other sites. When you link to any of these sites, you are no longer on our site and are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Please be aware that we do not control or guarantee the availability, accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of this outside information. Further, Gary Hill Consulting does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, services, products, or other materials on or available from such sites. You further acknowledge and agree that Gary Hill Consulting shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available on or through any such site.
Search