http://www.johnhancock.com/legal.html
Your browser is not supported.
To use our website, we recommend using the latest version of Microsoft Edge, Chrome, or Safari.
LEGAL DISCLOSURES AND TERMS OF USE
LEGAL DISCLOSURES AND TERMS OF USE
Please read these Terms and Conditions of Use (“Agreement”) carefully before using our web site. This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the various web sites (“Sites”) owned and operated by the John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) and affiliates (“John Hancock” or “we”) and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time in connection with such Sites.
By viewing or otherwise using any of the Sites, you agree to be bound by this Agreement and our Privacy Policy .  John Hancock offers the Sites subject to acceptance without modification of (a) all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, (b) all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Sites by John Hancock and (c) all additional terms and conditions that may be promulgated by John Hancock from time to time, which are all incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. John Hancock may, in its sole discretion, refuse to offer any portion of or all of the Sites to any person at any time.  This paragraph is void where prohibited by law and the right to access the Sites is revoked in such jurisdictions.
This Agreement applies exclusively to your access to, interaction with, and use of, the Sites and does not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you might have with John Hancock for certain products or services, or otherwise.
Changes to this Agreement
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to change, modify, add, or delete portions of this Agreement. We will provide notice of such changes only by posting the updated Agreement on our Sites and changing the “last updated” date listed above, by posting a notice on the Sites or by sending you an email. We encourage you to review our Agreement each time you visit any of our Sites to see if it has been updated since your last visit.  Your continued use of the Sites following our notice of any such changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
We also reserve the right to change, suspend, limit or discontinue any portion of or all of the Sites (including, without limitation, the availability of any feature, database or content).
Copyright Policy
The Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (OCILLA), a portion of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act known as DMCA Section 512, is a U.S. federal law that provides a safe harbor to online service providers that promptly take down content if someone alleges it infringes their copyright. In accordance with this Act, John Hancock has implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed infringements and for processing such claims.
If you believe that your work has been copied on the Sites in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact our Copyright Agent listed below, who is designated pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(2), with the following information:
Your address, telephone number, and/or email address;
Identification of the allegedly infringing material that is to be removed or disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material (including, if possible, a link to the material);
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; and
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
John Hancock's Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
Copyright Agent:
Joshua Cook
John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)
200 Berkeley Street
Boston,  MA  02116
Phone: 1 (617) 572-9180*
Email: joshuacook@jhancock.com *
*This e-mail and phone number are for use only for communications relating to DMCA notices.  For inquiries or communications on other topics, please find appropriate contact information at generalinquiries@jhancock.com or info@jhinvestments.com.
If we take measures to remove or disable content, we will make a good-faith attempt to contact the user who uploaded the content so that he or she may make a counter-notification pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(g) of the Copyright Act.  Your complaint, along with your personally identifying information, may be shared with the user who uploaded the content at issue.  It is our policy to document all notifications of alleged infringement on which we act.  As with all legal notices, a copy of the notification may be sent to one or more third parties who may make it available to the public.
If you are a user of the Sites and content that you have uploaded has been removed or disabled, you may file a counter-notification pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(g) of the Copyright Act. To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication sent to the Copyright Agent listed above that includes the following:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located or, if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which John Hancock may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under subsection 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(1)(C) or an agent of such person.
Please be advised that it is John Hancock’s policy to terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly violate this Copyright Policy.
Communications by Electronic Means
If you contact us through our Sites, you consent to engaging in certain electronic communications with John Hancock including but not limited to chat and/or electronic mail or by other electronic means at such numbers or addresses you provide to John Hancock.
John Hancock will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damages you may incur if you communicate confidential or other personal information to John Hancock by such electronic means or if John Hancock communicates such information to you by these means at your request or as a reply to a communication sent by you over the same channel. John Hancock may verify communications or the source of the communications before it accepts them, but it is not obligated to do so.
We never include your password in these communications, but we may include your name, or email address. Anyone with access to your e-mail or mobile device will be able to view these alerts.
CHAT
Some of our Sites offer a chat feature either with a live employee or with an automated chatbot. A chatbot is an automated online “agent” that provides helpful information about how to use our Sites and find information about your account or our products and services. To access the service, you must start a conversation with the chatbot on our Site. Chat must be used for personal purposes only, and commercial, promotional or other use is not permitted.
Our chat sessions are monitored and recorded for regulatory compliance, training, and process improvement purposes. Access to these recordings is limited to authorized personnel. By using our chat tools, you agree to allow a John Hancock representative to review your chat session in order to guarantee the quality of the information and services provided, or to make corrections or improve the services provided.
Although our chat sessions are encrypted, we recommend you do not submit, display or post Personal Information during a chat session unless you are in a secure location. The posting or transmitting of any comment or material that may be considered defamatory, obscene, illegal, aggressive or otherwise unacceptable is strictly prohibited. In such situations, John Hancock may end the chat session at any time and without prior notice.
The content of a chat session is intended for personal use only and the distribution, reproduction, transmission, posting or recording of all or a portion of a chat session, in any format whatsoever, or a modification thereto, without John Hancock's prior consent is strictly prohibited.
At any time, John Hancock reserves the right to change the content of the chatbot or interrupt, limit or suspend all or a portion of its features or access to it, without prior notice, primarily for maintenance and updates.
You acknowledge that you should rely on your own judgment with regard to the accuracy of the information or responses provided by a chatbot. This information is updated frequently. John Hancock may not, under any circumstances, be held responsible for any consequences arising from inaccuracies in this information or from damages resulting from its use.
Website Registration
In order to access certain features of this Site, which are not intended for the general public, you must register to create an account ("User Account"). You are eligible to register if you are currently the owner or otherwise authorized individual of a policy, contract, or account issued by one of the John Hancock companies. Registrations received that do not meet this requirement will not be accepted.  When you register, you will be asked to choose a password, which you will be required to use to access your User Account. For security purposes, you should avoid password combinations that may be easily determined by others, such as birthdays, phone numbers, social security number, etc., and change your password frequently. John Hancock has physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard users' and clients' non-public personal information (see Privacy Policy). You are responsible for safeguarding your password and other User Account information. You agree not to disclose your password to any third party, and you will notify John Hancock and change your password immediately if your password is lost or stolen or if you suspect any unauthorized use of your User Account.
As a user you agree that you shall be solely responsible for any activities or actions under your User Account, whether or not you have authorized such activities or actions. You agree that the information you provide to us on account or User Account registration through our website will be true, accurate, current, and complete.
Proprietary Rights
Content
Unless otherwise noted, all materials on the Sites, including, without limitation, text, graphics, design, the John Hancock name, the John Hancock logo, other files, and the selection and arrangement thereof are the proprietary property of John Hancock or its affiliates or licensors. You may electronically copy and print to hard copy portions of the Sites for the sole purpose of using materials on the Sites for informational, non-commercial, personal and internal use only, provided you keep all copyright and other proprietary notices intact. Any other use of such materials, including any commercial use or reproduction for purposes other than described above, or modification, distribution, republication, display, or performance of such materials, without the prior written consent of John Hancock, is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property
“John Hancock,” “johnhancock.com,” and other trademarks on the Sites are trademarks or service marks of John Hancock or its affiliates or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of John Hancock. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of John Hancock and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of John Hancock.
John Hancock might have patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights covering subject matter in the pages of the Sites and any software part of the Sites. Except to the extent that we may have granted you licenses to certain intellectual property in this Agreement, our providing you with access to such web pages or any software does not give you any license to our intellectual property. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Hyperlinks
You are granted a limited, nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the Sites except where user login is required, provided such link does not portray John Hancock or any of its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise defamatory manner. This limited right may be revoked at any time. You may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any John Hancock trademark, logo, or other proprietary information, including the images found on the Sites, the content of any text, or the layout/design of any page or form contained on any page of the Sites, without John Hancock’s prior written consent. Except as noted above or as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, you are not conveyed any right or license, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, in or under any patent, trademark, copyright, or proprietary right of John Hancock or any third party.
Do not rely on Sites for financial decisions
The Sites do not, and are not intended to, provide any financial, investment, retirement planning, insurance, legal, accounting, or tax advice. The Sites should not be used or relied upon by you as a substitute for your independent research or professional advice. Nothing on the Sites constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security or any investment or insurance product or service. All products and services are subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable agreements.
Does this Site Offer Advice
Nothing contained within this Site should be construed as investment, insurance, securities, tax or legal advice, and you agree that this Site will not be used by you for these purposes. The Site does not contain any advice as to the value of securities or as to the advisability of investing in, purchasing, or selling securities or insurance products. Decisions based on information contained in this Site are the sole responsibility of the user. The information contained in this Site is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security or any investment or insurance product or service.
Disclaimer
THE SITES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND YOU AGREE THAT USE OF THE SITES AND CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. JOHN HANCOCK DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. JOHN HANCOCK DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITES IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR-FREE. JOHN HANCOCK ALSO DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE SITES OR THE SERVICES WILL BE SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, (B) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (C) THE SITES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES AND OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you.
Reference to any products, services, processes, or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by John Hancock.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL JOHN HANCOCK, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITES, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE SITES, ANY CONTENT ON THE SITES OR SUCH OTHER LINKED WEBSITES, OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITES OR SUCH OTHER LINKED WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. The foregoing does not affect any liability that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless John Hancock, its affiliates, and all of its and their officers, directors, agents, suppliers, and licensors from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to (a) your use of any of the Sites or any content on or linked to from the Sites, including, but not limited to, any claim by a third party and/or (b) your breach of this Agreement. John Hancock reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with John Hancock in asserting any available defenses.
Privacy
John Hancock’s privacy policy, which is available at https://www.johnhancock.com/privacy, is incorporated into this Agreement.
Open end funds privacy brochure
Closed-end funds privacy brochure
Children
The Sites are available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.  If you are between 13 and 18 years old, you must have parental permission to enter into this Agreement and to use the Sites. John Hancock does not knowingly gather information from children under 13 through the Sites for marketing purposes. You represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
Governing Laws
All matters relating to the Sites and this Agreement and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or any other jurisdiction).
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, the Sites or this Agreement shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, in each case located in the City of Boston and County of Suffolk. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
John Hancock Products and Services
The products and services referred to on the Sites are available only in jurisdictions where they may be lawfully offered for sale, and not all John Hancock products and services are available in all geographic regions/states. The 529 college savings, mutual funds, closed-end funds, ETFs, annuities, life, and variable insurance products referred to in this Site may be offered and sold only to persons in the United States and its territories. These products are underwritten by the following Broker Dealers:
John Hancock Investment Management Distributors LLC; and John Hancock Distributors LLC who are FINRA members.
John Hancock Investment Management Distributors LLC, 200 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA 02116
John Hancock Distributors LLC, 200 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA 02116
Individual insurance products offered by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) in all states except New York (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York in New York (only licensed in New York).  Not all products are available in all states.
Long Term Care Insurance Contracts are issued by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) and John Hancock Life and Health Insurance Company (formerly named Manulife Insurance Company).
Group Annuity Contracts are issued by John Hancock Life and Health Insurance Company (formerly named Manulife Insurance Company) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.).
John Hancock Investment Management LLC is the investment advisor for the closed-end funds.
In the United States, John Hancock ETFs are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC, and are subadvised by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP.  Foreside is not affiliated with John Hancock Investment Management LLC or Dimensional Fund Advisors LP.
The following publicly available information is available upon request:
National Association of Insurance Commissioners Statutory Annual Statement with Exhibits, General Interrogatories, and Schedule D, Part 1A, Sections 1 and 2 and Schedule S - Part 3E; Rating Agency Reports on the financial strength and claims-paying ability of the insurer; Risk adjusted capital ratio; Actuarial opinion of the insurer's Appointed Actuary certifying the adequacy of the insurer's reserves.
Information Required by the States of California and Massachusetts
John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)
State of Domicile: Michigan
Principal Place of Business: Boston, Massachusetts 02116
California Certificate Number: 2955-3
Termination
John Hancock reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion at any time, to terminate your license to use any or all of the Sites, to block or prevent future access to and use of any of the Sites, and to remove and discard any material from the Sites.  All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
The Agreement is the entire agreement between you and John Hancock with respect to the use of the Sites and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and John Hancock with respect to the use of the Sites.  All waivers must be in writing. John Hancock shall not be liable for any failure to deliver products or services or otherwise perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond John Hancock’s reasonable control.  The Agreement is personal to you, and is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with John Hancock 's prior written consent.  John Hancock may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights and obligations hereunder without your consent. Any attempted transfer in violation hereof will be void and of no effect. This Agreement will be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the successors, representatives, and permitted assigns of the parties. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect.  In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under the Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover costs and attorneys' fees.
Financial Exploitation (abuse) of older persons or adults with disabilities
Some of the most vulnerable people in our society are older persons (defined as those above the age of 60) and adults with disabilities. At John Hancock, we are committed to helping to protect these individuals. If you suspect that an older person or adult with disabilities is a victim of financial exploitation, please contact the National Center on Elder Abuse, your local Department of Family Services, or your local Law Enforcement Agency.
Contacting Us
Questions about the Sites should be directed to generalinquiries@jhancock.com or info@jhinvestments.com.  John Hancock endeavors to make the Sites accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us.
Last updated: September 15, 2020