https://www.lafargeholcim.com/cookies-policy
COUNTRY NAME
LafargeHolcim Worldwide
LafargeHolcim » Site information » Cookies policy
Site mapContactsLegal mentionsDirectoryHelpRSSPrivacy policyGlossarySearch
LafargeHolcim » Site information » Cookies policy
Cookies policy
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers, which are transferred to your computer's hard drive or mobile device when you visit the website. The cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit or to another website that recognises that cookie.
Cookies are mostly used to allow websites to function, or to function more efficiently, as well as to provide information to website owners.
Above all, cookies allow identification of your device.
Use of cookies
LafargeHolcim uses cookies for many different reasons. We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration purposes. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns and does not identify you as an individual. If you agree, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file. The website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the website. This helps us to deliver a better and more personalised service to you when you browse the website and also allows us to improve the website.
What type of cookies does LafargeHolcim use?
LafargeHolcim is always looking for new ways to improve its website and improve the service it offers you. LafargeHolcim uses cookies to improve the use and functionality of its website and to gain a better understanding of how you use it.
Adapt Browser Settings To Cookies
If you are the only person using the computer, you may set long terms of expiry for browsing history. If you share the computer, you may consider setting the browser to delete the browsing data each time when you close the browser.
How Can I Stop The Cookies?
Most internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept cookies.
The users can configure their browser to reject all the cookie files or to alert the user when cookies are sent to the device.
It is important to note that the deactivation or refusal to receive cookies can make certain sections difficult to view and use.
All the modern browsers offer the possibility to change the settings of cookies. You can configure the settings of the cookies following the instructions below:
1. On computer
- Microsoft Internet Explorer
To remove cookies:
Open Internet Explorer. At the top right select “Tools”, point to “Safety”, and then select “Delete browsing history”.
Select the “Cookies and website data” check box and then select “Delete”.
To block cookies, for example, in the Microsoft Internet Explorer 11 for Windows 10:
Open Internet Explorer, select “Tools” and then select “Internet options”.
Select the “Privacy” tab, “Advanced” and choose whether you want to block the cookies.
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
- Google Chrome
To remove cookies:
Open Google Chrome. At the top right select “More”, then “Settings”, select “Advanced” and click on “Content settings“.
Select “Cookies” and then select “See all cookies and site data”.
Select “Remove all”. Confirm by clicking “Clear all”.
To block cookies, for example, by default:
Open Google Chrome. At the top right select “More”, then “Settings”, select “Advanced” and click “Content settings”.
Select “Cookies” and turn off the “Allow sites to save and read cookie data” button.
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647
- Apple Safari
To remove cookies:
Open Safari, select “Preferences”, select “Privacy”, select “Manage Website Data”. Select one or more websites, and then click on “Remove” or “Remove All”.
To block cookies:
Open Safari, select “Preferences”, select “Privacy” and click on “Block all cookies”.
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
- Mozilla Firefox
To remove cookies:
Open Mozilla Firefox, select “Options”.
Select “Privacy & Security” and go to the “Cookies and Site Data”. Select the “Manage Data” button and then choose “Remove Selected” and “Remove All”.
To block cookies:
Open Mozilla Firefox, select the menu button and choose “Options”. Select “Privacy & Security” and go to the “Cookies and Site Data”. Select the “Block cookies and site data”.
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
- Opera
To remove cookies:
Open Opera, select ”Settings”, select “Advanced” and click “Privacy & security”.
Select “Content settings”, select “Click Cookies” and click on “Keep local data only until you quit your browser”.
To block cookies:
Open Opera, select ”Settings”, select “Advanced” and click “Privacy & security”.
Select “Content settings”, select “Click Cookies” and turn off  “Allow sites to save and read cookie data”.
https://help.opera.com/en/latest/web-preferences/
2. On a smartphone or tablet
- Google Chrome
Android
To remove cookies:
Open the Google Chrome app. To the right of the address bar, select “More” and then “Settings”.
Select “Privacy” and then “Clear browsing data”. Choose a time range, like “Last hour” or “All time”. Check “Cookies, media licenses and site data.”
Uncheck all the other items. Select “Clear data” and then “Clear”.
To block cookies:
Open the Google Chrome app. Select “More”, “Settings”. Click on “Site settings” and “Cookies”. Turn “Cookies” off.
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&oco=1
iOS (Apple)
To remove cookies:
Open the Google Chrome app. At the bottom right, select “More” and then “Settings”.
Select “Cookies, Site Date”.Uncheck the other items.
Select “Clear Browsing Data”, and then”Clear Browsing Data”. Select “Done”.
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DiOS&oco=1&hl=en
- Safari Apple iOS
To remove cookies:
Click on the “Home” button, select “Settings“, select “Safari”. Select “Advanced“, and then “Website Data” and then tap “Remove All Website Data”.
To block cookies:
Click on the “Home” button, select “Settings“, and select “Safari”.
Select “Block All Cookies”.
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201265
- Android Browser
To remove cookies:
Select the “Menu” button. Select “Settings“, Select one of the option: ”Privacy & Security”, ”Privacy”, ”Security”. Select “Clear Cache“. Confirm the action by clicking on ”OK”,
Select ”Clear all cookie data”, Confirm the action by clicking on ”OK”,
To block cookies:
Select the “Menu” button. Select “Settings“. Select one of the options: ”Privacy & Security”, ”Privacy”, ”Security”. De-activate the “Allow cookies” option.
To opt out from the Google Analytics tracking across all websites, please click on the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Updates to the cookies policy
We reserve the right to make any changes to this policy, particularly in response to legislative requirements.
Your rights
To exercise your right to query, access and amend your personal data, you can contact us by email at privacy.lh@lafargeholcim.com
Contacts
Contact our teams close to your location
More in this section
Site map
Contacts
Glossary
Legal mentions
Cookies policy
Privacy policy
Directory
Help
Your feedback
RSS
Search