http://www.digibroadcast.com/helpdesk
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to accept these cookies.For more information, please see our Cookies Page
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Call:
+44(0) 208 397 1407
Email:
sales@digibroadcast.com
Rated 4.75 / 5
trustedshops.co.uk
Sell Your Gear
Find Out More ›
Covid-19 Update
Open as usual
Home
HelpdeskHelp & Contact
Please select the subject below and click for more information.
General Info
Orders and Shipping
Payment and Delivery
Returns
1) Where are you guys based? —>  We are based in North Chessington, London, UK.
2) What are your opening hours? —> Our office is open from Monday to Friday. Timings: 9:00 AM to 17:30 PM (Closed on public holidays).
3) What’s your VAT and registration number? —>   Our VAT Number is 318196056 and our Company Registration Number is 4344776.
4) How do you store my personal information? —>  At Digibroadcast, we take your privacy and personal information very seriously. Do read our Privacy Policy to understand our usage of cookies better:  https://bit.ly/2JWw2L2
5) Do you have a showroom where I can test the products? —>  Yes, we have a demo room that’s open to all prospective customers for testing the products. Do contact us to book an appointment for the same!
6) Do you have a physical store where I can collect my order? —>  Yes we do. Our office address is as follows: Digibroadcast Co. Ltd, Unit 15d, Oakcroft Road, Chessington, Surrey, KT9 1RH.
1) How do I place an order? —>  You can either place an order online via our website, call up our sales team at +44(0) 208 397 1407 or send us a Purchase Order Request.
2) Do I have to pay VAT if I reside outside the EU? —>   VAT is not charged on orders delivered to locations outside the EU, but you will have to pay import duties and taxes which defer from country to country.
3) I am VAT registered business/individual. Do I still have to pay VAT? —>   VAT exemption is only applicable to EU Businesses and/or individuals with Valid VAT number which has to match with the address provided. Please use the VAT validator at the checkout to get your waiver. Do note that all businesses from the UK will have to pay the applicable VAT.
4) How do I track my package? —> An order dispatch email is sent to all our customers. The order is delivered based on the delivery option you opted for when placing the order. However, if you still wish to track it live, you can get in touch with our customer support by calling or emailing us to ask for the order tracking number.
5) How do I cancel my order? —>   If we haven’t dispatched your order yet, call us on +44(0) 208 397 1407 and we shall cancel the same.
1) What are my payment options? —>  We accept bank transfers, all debit and credit cards, Amazon Pay and Paypal payments.
2) Is the checkout process secure? —>  Yes. Our payment gateway provider is WorldPay and all sensitive data is encrypted. We do not have access to your credit/debit card details as it is all handled by the WorldPay server.
3) Are there any discounts for universities? —>  We welcome all official and signed educational institutes’ enquiries and try our best to get back with a competitive quote suitable for your needs and budgets. Please get in touch if you have any questions.
4) How much do you charge for delivery? —>  We offer free delivery for all eligible orders above £250 (ex VAT), which would take around 2-5 days to get delivered to your address provided they’re in stock. We also provide next day delivery, Saturday delivery and special request’s delivery. Find out more about our Delivery Policy here:  https://bit.ly/2NP7BjI
5) Can you do same day delivery? —>   Of course! Find out more about our Delivery Policy here:  https://bit.ly/2NP7BjI
6) What if I’m not in when you deliver? —>  We use reputed courier companies to deliver the items to our customers. If at the time of delivery you are away, they shall leave a pickup card with all the instructions for you to contact them later and organise the pickup as per the options available.
7) Do I get a receipt with my delivery? —>  You shall be emailed a full VAT receipt once your order is dispatched.
1) I’m not satisfied with my purchase. Can I return it? —>  Yes you can. Please get in contact to obtain a returned material number (RMA) before shipping it to us. Before calling, do make sure you have your invoice number ready with you. Check out our Returns Policy here:  https://bit.ly/2NP7BjI
2) Do you accept returns on sale items? —>   Yes, we do.
3) Do I have to pay for delivery when returning a product? —>   Yes. Please note that we shall not refund the delivery charge and you will be liable for the same when returning the product.
4) How long would it take for my refund to appear on my bank statement? —> Your refund should reflect in your account balance within 3-5 business days. This depends on your bank, however.
5) Do you offer repairs? —>   Yes, we do. Please email us requesting for a repair form.
You can register an account with us and receive updates about our products and future sale events.By signing up to our newsletter you agree to Digibroadcast using your personal data in accordance with our privacy policy Be informed of new stock, sales etc. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Compare (1)
Top