http://www.qarad.com/cookie-policy
Consulting
E-Labeling / eIFU
Performance Studies
Authorized Representative
UK Responsible Person
Training
About us
Team
Library
News
Events
Blogs
Jobs 2
Contact
EN
+32(0)14 49 04 22
About us
Team
Library
News
Events
Blogs
Jobs 2
Contact
EN
Consulting
E-Labeling / eIFU
Performance Studies
Authorized Representative
UK Responsible Person
Training
Cookie policy
Introduction
We use cookies on this website to improve your online experience. Cookies allow for the proper functioning of the website as well as collecting statistical data. One of the functions of cookies is to facilitate the registration process. By declining cookies, you cannot use this website. By accepting cookies, you accept that we use cookies as mentioned in this cookie policy. All details about the cookies we use, can be found in this cookie policy. The policy also explains how cookies are used to improve your experience. We wish you a pleasant reading and surfing experience.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files stored by your web browser when you use websites. You can control how websites use cookies by configuring your browser's privacy settings (please refer to your browser's help function to learn more about cookie controls). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, the Qarad website may not function properly. Qarad, and the companies that help us run our business, use cookies for several ways, such as:
Authenticating and identifying you on our website so we can provide you the services you requested.
Keeping track of the information you have provided to us — for example, remembering information you provided whenever you fill in a form.
Remembering your preferences or where you left off in your use of the Qarad Website.
Measuring your use of Qarad website so that we can improve it, tailor our website to your likely interests.
Understanding your likely interests so we can provide you more relevant content.
Cookies on our website
We have divided the cookies into four categories, depending on their purposes:
1. Functional cookies
Functional cookies are necessary for the connection with the website to be correct and efficient, and to ensure a safe online environment. Functional cookies collect anonymous data about how the site is used, and which pages are important. This is used to improve the general ease of use of the website.
ASP.NET_SessionId (Analyz-it CMS): ensures that the visitor and webserver remain connected while surfing. It expires after 6 hours or when the user exits the browser (session).
2. Comfortcookies
Comfort cookies store your personal preferences so that you do not need to re-enter certain information.
Cookie_alert (Analyz-it CMS): remembers that the visitor accepted the cookie statement when starting the website. Once the cookie statement is accepted, the acceptance is stored so the banner does not unnecessarily pop up again. Expires after 10 years.
3. Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies collect information on the behaviour of website users and on the performance of the website. Based on its results, the website can be improved, and visitors can enjoy a better user experience.
_ga (Google Analytics): registers a unique ID used to generate statistical data about how the visitor uses the website. Expires after 2 years.
_gid (Google Analytics): registers a unique ID used to generate statistical data about how the visitor uses the website. Expires after 24 hours.
_gat (Google Analytics): used by Google Analytics to slow down request speed. Expires after exiting the browser (session).
4. Commercial cookies
Commercial cookies enable ads to be personalized and aligned to your interests. This will happen on other sites and also on your social media. These cookies can be placed by this website and/or third parties.
1P_JAR (Google.com): shows adjusted ads on Google-websites based on recent searches and previous interactions. Expires after 1 year.
CONSENT (Google.com): collects data for Google Analytics, to compile an anonymous user profile and to measure whether ads are effective. Expires after 2 years.
NID (Google.com): registers a unique ID which identifies the device of a returning user. The ID is used for direct advertising. Expires after 6 months.
_utma (Google Tag Manager): distinguishes unique users and sessions from each other. Expires after 2 years.
_utmb (Google Tag Manager): determines new sessions and visits. Expires after 30 minutes.
_utmc (Google Tag Manager): cooperates with the _utmb cookie to identify new sessions of returning visitors. Expires when exiting the browser (session).
_utmt (Google Tag Manager): slows down the request speed and ensures that data collection on sites with a lot of traffic is limited. Expires after 1 day.
_utmz (Google Tag Manager): identifies the source which directed you to our website. Expires after 6 months.
_gac_UA-000000-0 (Google Adwords): Stored when a user accesses the site via Adwords with a gclid parameter in the query string. The value of the cookie is used in the contact form. Expires after 3 months.
Responsible for the cookies
The owner of the website and responsible for processing personal data obtained by cookies is: Qarad, Cipalstraat 3, 2440 Geel, info@qarad.com.
More detailed information about our company as responsible for processing personal data can be found in our Privacy policy.
Your rights as visitor to our website(s)
You can enable or disable the cookies for this website through the settings in your browser. Moreover, as a visitor and subject of the data retained by these cookies, you have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority (www.dataprotectionauthority.be).
QARAD BV
Headquarters
Pas 257, 2440 Geel BELGIUM
Tel.: +32 (0)14 49 04 22
Mail.: info@qarad.com
ISO CertifiedISO 13485 and ISO 27001
Quicklinks
Website by
Analyz-it
•
Contents by
Qarad
•
Terms and conditions
•
Privacy policy
•
Cookie policy
•
Log in
×
Inloggen
Login
Paswoord
Paswoord vergeten?
Inloggen
Annuleren
×
Paswoord vergeten
Vul hieronder je login in en klik op "Versturen".
Je zal via e-mail de instructies ontvangen om je paswoord te wijzigen.
Login
Versturen
Annuleren
Close
Attention!
This website uses cookies to enhance your surfing experience.
Certain webfunctions rely on the usage of these cookies.
If you want more information regarding our cookie policy, you may visit this link.
Dirk Stynen
Maurizio Suppo
Agnes Goris
Joke Doutreloigne
Chantal Huysmans
Dimitri Jordens
Eline Heylen
Annelies Rombout
Luc Van Steyvoort
Kirsten Van Garsse
Bram Stynen
Sara Van Wouwe
Teresa Bateti Solà
Pieter Bogaert
Alessandro Fiori
Miranda Van Hoof
Anneke Lenaerts
Sue Schiepers
Rolandas Jakaitis
Sara Peeters
Rika Verduyckt
Annelies Rotthier
Chris Van Buul
Joke Sprangers
Jessie Theuns