https://www.dairyequipments.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Our Story
Leadership
Vision & Mission
Achievements
Careers
Events
Newsroom
Social Responsibility
Products
Heat Recovery Unit (HRU)
iData (Bulk Milk Storage)
Containerized Milk Collection Unit
Milk Cooling Tank
Milking Machine
Milking Parlor
Smart Level Indicator
Solar Powered Milk Cooling Tank
Stainless Steel Milk Cans
Robotic Milk Collection Unit
(RMCU)
Distribution Vessel
Dealer Locator
Clients
Blogs
Contact Us
Krishnaallied.com
Privacy Policy
Dairy Equipments > Privacy Policy
1.            Introduction
1.1.         This document shall govern your use of our website.
1.2.         By using our website, you accept this document in full; accordingly, if you disagree with this document or any part of this document, you must not use our website.
1.3.         If you register with our website, submit any material to our website or use any of our website services, we will ask you to expressly agree to these document
2.            Credit
2.1.         This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (http://www.seqlegal.com).
3.            Copyright notice
3.1.         Copyright (c) 2014 Krishna Allied Industries Private Limited.
3.2.         Subject to the express provisions of this document:
(a)             we, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website; and
(b)             all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
4.            Licence to use website
4.1.         You may:
(a)             view pages from our website in a web browser;
(b)             download pages from our website for caching in a web browser; and
(c)             print pages from our website,
(d)             stream picture files from our website; and
(e)             use our website services by means of a web browser,
subject to the other provisions of this document.
4.2.         Except as expressly permitted by Section 4.1 or the other provisions of this document, you must not download any material from our website or save any such material to your computer.
4.3.         You may only use our website for your own personal and business purposes, and you must not use our website for any other purposes.
4.4.         Except as expressly permitted by these document, you must not edit or otherwise modify any material on our website.
4.5.         Unless you own or control the relevant rights in the material, you must not:
(a)             republish material from our website (including republication on another website);
(b)             sell, rent or sub-license material from our website;
(c)             show any material from our website in public;
(d)             exploit material from our website for a commercial purpose; or
(e)             redistribute material from our website.
4.6.         Notwithstanding Section 4.5, you may redistribute our brochure in print and electronic form to any person.
4.7.         We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion; you must not circumvent or bypass, or attempt to circumvent or bypass, any access restriction measures on our website.
5.            Acceptable use
5.1.         You must not:
(a)             use our website in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of the website;
(b)             use our website in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;
(c)             use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software;
(d)             conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent;
(e)             access or otherwise interact with our website using any robot, spider or other automated means;
(f)              violate the directives set out in the robots.txt file for our website; or
(g)             [use data collected from our website for any direct marketing activity (including without limitation email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and direct mailing).
5.2.         You must not use data collected from our website to contact individuals, companies or other persons or entities.
5.3.         You must ensure that all the information you supply to us through our website, or in relation to our website, is true, accurate, current, complete and non-misleading.
6.            Registration
6.1.         You may register for an identity with our website by completing and submitting the registration form on our website.
6.2.         You must notify us in writing immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your identity.
6.3.         You must not use any other person’s identity to access the website, unless you have that person’s express permission to do so.
7.            User IDs
7.1.         If you register for an identity with our website, we will provide you with a user ID.
7.2.         Your user ID must not be liable to mislead and must comply with the content rules set out in Section 10; you must not use your identity or user ID for or in connection with the impersonation of any person.
7.3.         You must notify us in writing immediately if you become aware of any disclosure of your IDs.
7.4.         You are responsible for any activity on our website arising out of any failure to keep your IDs confidential, and may be held liable for any losses arising out of such a failure.
8.            Cancellation and suspension of registration
8.1.         We may:
(a)             suspend your account;
(b)             cancel your account; and/or
(c)             edit your account details,
at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation.
9.            Your content: licence
9.1.         In these document, ‘your content’ means all works and materials (including without limitation text, scripts) that you submit to us or our website for storage or publication on, processing by, or transmission via, our website.
9.2.         You grant to us a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, store, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your content in any existing or future media / reproduce, store and publish your content on and in relation to this website and any successor website / reproduce, store and, with your specific consent, publish your content on and in relation to this website.
9.3.         You grant to us the right to sub-license the rights licensed under Section 9.2.
9.4.         You grant to us the right to bring an action for infringement of the rights licensed under Section 9.2.
9.5.         You hereby waive all your moral rights in your content to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law; and you warrant and represent that all other moral rights in your content have been waived to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
9.6.         Without prejudice to our other rights under these document, if you breach any provision of these document in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these document in any way, we may delete, unpublish or edit any or all of your content.
10.          Your content: rules
10.1.       You warrant and represent that your content will comply with these document.
10.2.       Your content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any person’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action against any person (in each case in any jurisdiction and under any applicable law).
10.3.       Your content, and the use of your content by us in accordance with these document, must not:
(a)             be libellous or maliciously false;
(b)             be obscene or indecent;
(c)             infringe any copyright, moral right, database right, trade mark right, design right, right in passing off, or other intellectual property right;
(d)             infringe any right of confidence, right of privacy or right under data protection legislation;
(e)             constitute negligent advice or contain any negligent statement;
(f)              constitute an incitement to commit a crime, instructions for the commission of a crime or the promotion of criminal activity;
(g)             be in contempt of any court, or in breach of any court order;
(h)             be in breach of racial or religious hatred or discrimination legislation;
(i)              be blasphemous;
(j)              be in breach of official secrets legislation;
(k)             be in breach of any contractual obligation owed to any person;
(l)              depict violence, in an explicit, graphic or gratuitous manner;
(m)            be pornographic, lewd, suggestive or sexually explicit;
(n)             be untrue, false, inaccurate or misleading;
(o)             consist of or contain any instructions, advice or other information which may be acted upon and could, if acted upon, cause illness, injury or death, or any other loss or damage;
(p)             constitute spam;
(q)             be offensive, deceptive, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, harassing, anti-social, menacing, hateful, discriminatory or inflammatory; or
(r)             cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to any person.
11.   Limited warranties
11.1.       We do not warrant or represent:
(a)         the completeness or accuracy of the information published on our website;
(b)        that the material on the website is up to date; or
(c)         that the website or any service on the website will remain available.
11.2.       We reserve the right to discontinue or alter any or all of our website services, and to stop publishing our website, at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation; and save to the extent expressly provided otherwise in this document, you will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment upon the discontinuance or alteration of any website services, or if we stop publishing the website.
11.3.       To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 12.1, we exclude all representations and warranties relating to the subject matter of this document, our website and the use of our website.
12.   Limitations and exclusions of liability
12.1.       Nothing in this document will:
(a)         limit or exclude any liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
(b)        limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
(c)         limit any liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
(d)        exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
12.2.       The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section 12 and elsewhere in this document:
(a)         are subject to Section 12.1; and
(b)        govern all liabilities arising under this document or relating to the subject matter of this document, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
12.3.       To the extent that our website and the information and services on our website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
12.4.       We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
12.5.       We will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
12.6.       We will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database or software.
12.7.       We will not be liable to you in respect of any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.
12.8.       You accept that we have an interest in limiting the personal liability of our officers and employees and, having regard to that interest, you acknowledge that we are a limited liability entity; you agree that you will not bring any claim personally against our officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website or this document (this will not, of course, limit or exclude the liability of the limited liability entity itself for the acts and omissions of our officers and employees).
13.   Breaches of these document
13.1.       Without prejudice to our other rights under these document, if you breach these document in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these document in any way, we may:
(a)         send you one or more formal warnings;
(b)        temporarily suspend your access to our website;
(c)         permanently prohibit you from accessing our website;
(d)        block computers using your IP address from accessing our website;
(e)         contact any or all your internet service providers and request that they block your access to our website;
(f)          commence legal action against you, whether for breach of contract or otherwise; and/or
(g)         suspend or delete your registration on our website.
13.2.       Where we suspend or prohibit or block your access to our website or a part of our website, you must not take any action to circumvent such suspension or prohibition or blocking (including without limitation creating and/or using a different account).
14.   Variation
14.1.       We may revise this document from time to time.
14.2.       The revised document shall apply to the use of our website from the date and/or time of publication of the revised document on the website, and you hereby waive any right you may otherwise have to be notified of, or to consent to, revisions of these document. / We will give you written notice of any revision of these document, and the revised document will apply to the use of our website from the date that we give you such notice; if you do not agree to the revised document, you must stop using our website.
14.3.       If you have given your express agreement to these document, we will ask for your express agreement to any revision of these document; and if you do not give your express agreement to the revised document within such period as we may specify, we will disable or delete your registration on the website, and you must stop using the website.
15.   Assignment
15.1.       You hereby agree that we may assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these document.
15.2.       You may not without our prior written consent assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with any of your rights and/or obligations under these document.
16.   Severability
16.1.       If a provision of this document is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
16.2.       If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision of this document would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
17.   Third party rights
17.1.       These document are for our benefit and your benefit, and these document are not intended to benefit or be enforceable by any third party.
17.2.       The exercise of the parties’ rights under these document is not subject to the consent of any third party.
18.   Entire agreement
18.1.       Subject to Section 12.1, these document, together with our privacy policy, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and shall supersede all previous agreements between you and us in relation to your use of our website.
19.   Law and jurisdiction
19.1.       This document shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Indian law.
19.2.       Any disputes relating to this document shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India.
20.   Statutory and regulatory disclosures
20.1.       We are registered in Krishna Allied Industries Private Limited; you can find the online version of the register at http://www.mca.gov.in, and our registration number isU74900MH2013PTC248021 2013-2014.
20.2.       We are subject to Private Limited Company, which is supervised by Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra, Mumbai.
20.3.       We are registered as Manufacturer and Exporter of Dairy and Kitchen Equipments with Partnership in India] and are subject to 5(2) of the Companies (Electronic Filing and Authentication of Documents) Rules 2006, which can be found at http://www.mca.gov.in.
20.4.       Our VAT number is 24170900314 and CST number is 24670900314.
21.   Our details
21.1.       This website is owned and operated by Krishna Allied Industries Private Limited.
21.2.       We are registered in India under registration number U74900MH2013PTC248021 2013-2014, and our registered office is at Flat/Plot No. 25/A, Ground Floor, Chandawadi, CP Tank, Girgaon, Mumbai – 400 004, Maharashtra, INDIA.
21.3.       Our principal place of business is at Flat/Plot No. 25/A, Ground Floor, Chandawari, CP Tank, Girgaon, Mumbai – 400 004, Maharashtra, INDIA.
21.4.       You can contact us by writing to the business address given above, by using our website contact form, by email to inquiry@dairyequipments.com andkaipl.sales@dairyequipments.com or by telephone on +91 22 4220 3800 – 99 (100 Lines).
About Us
Careers
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Blogs
Heat Recovery Unit
Advanced Milk Tanker Security System
Containerized Milk Collection Unit
Milk Cooling Tank
Milking Machine
Milking Parlor
Smart Level Indicator
Solar Power Milk Cooling Tank
Stainless Steel Milk Cans
REGISTERED OFFICE
9/25 A, Chandawadi, CP Tank Road, Mumbai – 400 004, Maharashtra, India
Phone: +91 22 4220 3800 – 99 (100 Lines)
Fax: +91 22 2380 3890 / 4220 3888
Email:
sales@whitegoldllp.com