http://www.proctorfcu.com/privacy.php
Home
Privacy Policy
Membership
Locations & Hours
Contact Us
Login
Menu
Account Access
Online Banking
Online Bill Pay
Phone Banking
Touch Banking
Online Disclosure
Loans
Apply for a Loan
Secured/Unsecured
Home Equity/Mortgage
Accounts & Services
Savings & Checking
Certificates & IRAs
ATM & Debit Cards
Special Programs
Services
Direct Deposit & Withdrawal
Almost out of checks?
Overdraft Practices
VISA Credit Cards & Gift Cards
Have You Been Scammed
Trustage Insurance
Love My Credit Union Rewards
Incoming Wire Instructions
Forms
Apply for Membership here
ATM & Debit Card Application
Change of Address
Direct Deposit Allocation
Direct Deposit Information
Employment Application
Loan Application
Overdraft Opt-In
Scholarship Application
Rates & Calculators
Loans
Savings
Certificate & IRAs
Service Fees
Calculators
cuInfo
Privacy Policy
PROCTOR FEDERAL CREDIT UNION is committed to providing you with financial products and services to meet your needs and help you reach your financial goals. We are required by law to give you this privacy notice. It describes our policies and practices to protect your privacy and enable us to share information so we may provide our members competitive financial products and services. If after reading this notice you have any questions, contact us at 1-218-624-5761.
What follows is a description of the information we collect and disclose, including the parties who receive nonpublic information from us as we conduct the business of the credit union. This notice also explains your right to inform us if you do not want us to disclose certain information about you to other parties.
Information We Collect About You
We collect information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications and other forms;
Information about your transactions with us or others;
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency;
Information obtained when verifying the information you provide on an application or other forms. This may be obtained from your current or past employers, or from other institutions where you conduct financial transactions.
We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above.
Parties Who Receive Information from Us
We may disclose nonpublic personal information about you to the following types of third parties:
Financial companies, such as insurance companies and mortgage service companies; and
Non-financial companies, such as, consumer reporting agencies.
Disclosure of Information to Parties that Provide Service to Us
We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above to the companies that perform marketing or other services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. We only work with companies who agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of information we collect, as described above. We may also disclose information about you under other circumstances as permitted or required by law. These disclosures typically include information to process transactions on your behalf and conduct the operations of our credit union.
Disclosure of Information About Former Members
If you decide to terminate your membership with PROCTOR FEDERAL CREDIT UNION we will not share information we have collected about you, except as may be permitted or required by law.
How to Opt Out or Stop Certain Disclosures About You
If you prefer that we do not disclose nonpublic personal information about you and your joint account holder to nonaffiliated third parties, you may opt out of those disclosures, that is, you may direct us not to make those disclosures (other than disclosures permitted by law). If you wish to opt out of disclosures to nonaffiliated third parties, please notify us by calling:
1-218-624-5761
You may opt out of these disclosures at any time. Once we receive your request, we have a reasonable amount of time to stop the disclosures. You may always contact us for assistance if you wish to later revoke your opt out election.
Note that this opt out, by law, will not apply to disclosures that are legally permitted or to disclosures we make to companies that perform services on our behalf.
How We Protect Your Information
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
What Members Can Do to Help
PROCTOR FEDERAL CREDIT UNION is committed to protecting the privacy of its members. Members can help by following these simple guidelines:
PROTECT YOUR ACCOUNT NUMBERS, CARD NUMBERS, PINs (personal identification numbers) and PASSWORDS. Never keep your PIN with your debit or credit card, which can provide free access to your accounts if your card is lost or stolen.
Use caution when disclosing your account numbers, social security numbers, etc. to other persons. IF SOMEONE CALLS YOU, EXPLAINS THE CALL IS ON BEHALF OF THE CREDIT UNION AND ASKS FOR YOUR ACCOUNT NUMBER, YOU SHOULD BEWARE. OFFICIAL CREDIT UNION STAFF WILL HAVE ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION AND WILL NOT NEED TO ASK FOR IT.
Keep your information with us current. It is important that we have current information on how to reach you. If we detect potentially fraudulent or unauthorized activity or use of an account, we will attempt to contact you immediately. If your address or phone number changes, please let us know.
Let us know if you have questions. Please do not hesitate to call us – we are here to serve you!
THIRD PARTY SITE DISCLAIMER - You are leaving Proctor Federal Credit Union website. You are linking to an alternate website not operated by Proctor Federal Credit Union, and Proctor Federal Credit Union is not responsible for the content of the alternate website. The fact that there is a link from Proctor Federal Credit Union website to an alternate website does not constitute endorsement of any product, service, or organization. Proctor Federal Credit Union does not represent either you or the website operator if you enter into a transaction. Privacy and security policies may differ from those practiced by Proctor Federal Credit Union, and you should review the alternate website's policies.
Continue
Cancel