http://www.bltllc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY BETTER LIFE TECHNOLOGY
This Website, www.bltllc.com, attracts a wide variety of users.  Better Life Technology is committed to providing all of its visitors with an online experience that’s safe, which is why we’ve established this Privacy Policy for our Website. This Privacy Policy contains information about how and when we collect personal information through this Website and how we use the information that we collect.  We encourage you to read and understand our Privacy Policy, and if you have any questions, you can always contact us at the address or phone number below.    As used in this Privacy Policy the terms “us” and “we” refer to Better Life Technology.
A. WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy covers the personally identifiable information collected through this Website. This Website may contain links to other Websites not operated by us. These other Websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
B. THE TYPE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We do not ask our visitors to disclose more information than is necessary for them to participate in a particular activity. The Website does not knowingly collect information from children under thirteen (13) years of age: This is not a Website directed to children under the age of 13, and Better Life Technology does not knowingly collect any information from children under 13 years of age at the Website. If you are under 13 years of age, do not send any information about yourself to Better Life Technology. If Better Life Technology discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided the Website with personal information, Better Life Technology will delete that child’s personal information from its system.
PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES THROUGH OUR WEB SITE
When making a purchase through our Website, you will be asked to provide your name, e-mail address, credit card information, and billing address. We use this information to process your order and, if applicable, to ship your order to you or your designated recipient. Your personal information is also used to contact you if necessary, during our processing of the online transaction and to send you Better Life Technology periodic newsletters containing information about special events and promotions at Better Life Technology.
COMMENT INQUIRIES
Our Website contains a link to provide us with comments about your experience with Better Life Technology products. This section of the Website asks for your name, telephone number, and e-mail address. We use this information to contact you for a follow-up conversation about your experience with Better Life Technology products.
CONTESTS AND SWEEPSTAKES
Periodically, we may offer contests or sweepstakes through our Website. These contests and sweepstakes will require participants to provide us with their name, e-mail address, mailing address, and telephone number. Children are not permitted to participate in sweepstakes or contests offered through our Website. For more information on how we use personally identifiable information collected from contest and sweepstakes entry forms provided on this Website, see the section of this Privacy Policy entitled HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
C. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The personally identifiable information that we collect on this Website may be used by us to send you a variety of promotional materials about this Website or about Better Life Technology products, including newsletters, mobile text messages and special offers. Except as explained below, we do not share any of your personally identifiable information with third parties. You can opt-out of receiving any future communications from us by e-mailing a request to: customerservice@bltllc.com.
Sharing of Personal Information with Support and Fulfillment Service Companies
Sometimes it is necessary for us to share your personal information with third parties so that we can carry out specific features and functions described in this Website. For instance, we may hire a third party to address and send our printed newsletter, to administer contests and sweepstakes, and to administer online purchases. In these cases, it would be necessary for us to share your personally identifiable information with the third party support company so that it could perform the specific job that we have requested it to perform. In all instances, we will provide these fulfillment and support companies with only the information required to complete its specific job and we will require that it maintain the confidentiality of all personal information that we share.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION AS REQUIRED BY LAW
We will disclose your personal information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law, such as if we receive a court order or subpoena demanding the information. We will also disclose personal information to law enforcement officials if we believe our disclosure of the personal information will help protect your safety or security, the safety or security of your property, or the safety or security of our employees, our property or this Website.
D. HOW WE WILL NOTIFY YOU ABOUT CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
If we make changes to this Privacy Policy that affect the way we use or collect personal information, we will notify you by posting the amended Privacy Policy on this Website. Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
E. acceptance of privacy policy
By using the Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Better Life Technology reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time in its sole discretion. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back from time to time. However, we will only use the information you provide to the Website in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy, unless you give us your consent.
F. HOW TO CONTACT US
To contact us regarding the use of your personal information, please e-mail us at customerservice@bltllc.com or write to:
Better Life Technology9675 Legler RdLenexa, KS 66219
You may also contact us by telephone at 913-894-0403.
G-FLOOR®
ALL PURPOSE FLOORING
Products
Roll Out Flooring
Tile Flooring
Universal Mats
Accessories
Areas of Application
Garage
Utility Room
Recreation Vehicle Flooring
Trailer & Modular Unit Flooring
Retail
Gym
Education
Healthcare
Kennel
Greenhouse
Rail & Bus Flooring
Emergency Vehicle
Basement / Recreational Room
Kitchen & Bath
Product Resources
GFloor Blog
Care & Maintenance
Warranty
Features & Specifications
FAQs
Installation Guide
Product & Installation Videos
Locate a Dealer
Product Reviews
Trade Tools
Photo Gallery
Become A Retailer
Get More Info
Request A Sample
Where To Buy
AquaTread® Marine Flooring
Marine Applications
Premier Pontoon Flooring
Simplicity Pontoon Flooring
Solid Pontoon Flooring
Product Resources
Aquatread Blog
Care & Maintenance
Warranty
Features & Specifications
Installation Guide
Product Videos
Locate a Dealer
Trade Tools
Photo Gallery
Become A Dealer
Get More Info
Request A Sample
Where To Buy
BILD® Print Media
Products
Polyvinyl Products
BILD SF
35mil Clear
75mil Clear / Solid
85mil White
Accessories
Fabric Products
Print Floor
Sirius
Polycril
Terra Opak
Product Applications
POP Applications
Commercial Flooring
Floor Graphics
Wall Applications
Specialty Applications
Product Resources
BILD Blog
Care & Maintenance
Warranty
Features & Specifications
FAQs
Installation Guide
Product & Installation Videos
Locate a Distributor
Locate a Certified Printer
Trade Tools
Photo Gallery
Become A Certified Printer
Get More Info
Request A Sample
Locate A Distributor
Locate A Certified Printer
splatterguard™ Drip Mat
Where to Buy
Gallery
Video Gallery
GFloor Photo Gallery
AquaTread Photo Gallery
BILD Photo Gallery
Blog
Newsroom
ANNOUNCEMENTS
PRESS & MEDIA
TRADE SHOWS
Company
Company
Contact Us
Better Life Technology
Our Story
Our Team
Our Corporate Responsibility
Our Culture
Our Locations
Our Careers
Search for:
G-FLOOR®   |    AQUATREAD®    |    BILD®    |    SPLATTERGUARD™     MADE IN USA
Request A Sample
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Sign up for our Newsletter
Get notified about the products of your choice.