https://www.printsmadeeasy.com/site-policies
Search in:
All ProductsBusiness CardsPostcardsLetterheadBrochuresReturn Address LabelsFlyersEnvelopesAppointment CardsPostersMagnetsThank You CardsGreeting CardsCar MagnetsBanners
1-800-263-0847
Chat
Sign In
Order Status
Saved Designs
Favorites
Settings
All Products
Business Cards
Postcards
Letterhead
Brochures
Address Labels
Flyers
BUSINESS CARDS & STATIONERY
Address Labels
Appointment Cards
Business Cards
Envelopes
Letterhead
SIGNAGE
Banners
Car Magnets
Posters
Refrigerator Magnets
MARKETING & EVENT MATERIALS
Brochures
Flyers
Greeting Cards
Postcards
Thank You Cards
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: DECEMBER 19, 2019
printsmadeeasy.com is owned and operated by Digital Room, LLC. ("we", "us" or "our").
printsmadeeasy.com understands the importance of protecting the privacy of its users.
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information we collect, use, and disclose on printsmadeeasy.com (the “Site”).
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site or any services offered through the Site.
When we use the term “Personal Information,” we mean information that relates to an individual who is directly or indirectly identifiable.
Minors
We do not knowingly allow any users under the age of sixteen (16) to use or otherwise access the services of the Site.
We do not seek any personal information (or any information at all) from any persons under 16 years old.
Because we do not intentionally collect any information from children under the age of 16, we also do not knowingly share or disclose such information to third parties.
If you are under 16 years old, you may not use the Site.
If you have reason to believe that a child under 16 years of age has provided us with information, please contact us at info@printsmadeeasy.com
How We Collect and Use Your Information
We collect information in order to provide the Site and its services to our users, improve the user experience and to communicate with users about the Site and its services.
The information we collect from users will depend on a user's particular interaction with the Site.
For example, the information we collective from users who solely navigate the Site (see, e.g. "Log File and Cookie Information" below) will differ from users who create an account/profile and/or transact for services through the Site (see, e.g. "Personal and Business Information" section below).
Different portions of this Privacy Policy may apply to users at different times.
Information You Provide Us
In order to access and use certain areas and services of the Site, users may be asked for personally identifiable information, including:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number
Commercial information, such as business name, address and telephone number);
Categories of personal information described in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), such as account or credit card numbers and other payment information.
We collect this information when you make a purchase on the Site in order to process your transaction.
While you may decline to provide certain information to us, it may render you unable to access certain services and features offered through the Site.
By making a purchase on the Site, you consent to our providing your Personal Information to our services providers and such third parties as we determine is necessary to process your transaction, such as credit card companies and banking institutions used to process the transaction.
You also have the ability to access and change the Personal Information that you have provided to printsmadeeasy.com by use of the appropriate features on the Site.
Information From Third Parties
If necessary, printsmadeeasy.com obtains consumer information from third party providers in order to improve the accuracy of our customer database and to increase our understanding of our customers or to identify potential customers.
For example, we get updated addresses from the National Change of Address (NCOA) service to assist us in having the correct addresses for our customers.
Information We Collect Automatically
When you use the Site, we collect certain internet or other electronic network activity information automatically as described in this section.
As discussed further below, we may use a variety of technologies to assist in collecting this information.
Log Files.
For all users of the Site, the Site's web server uses an extended log file format which captures: date and time of visit, referring address (location from which a visitor comes to the Site), type of Internet browser, and visitor's IP address. (Each computer that connects to the Internet is assigned a unique number, an IP address, for identification purposes). The log file does not capture a user's email address.
Cookies.
A cookie is a series of data characters that, when programmed into a website, is placed by the web server into the browser's application folder on your computer.
Once placed onto your machine, the cookie will allow the website to "recall" you as a unique individual.
The Site uses cookies to personalize information for certain segments of its customer base.
In some instances, cookies are also used to associate individual customers with their information profiles where users have elected to create such a profile.
For example, through the use of cookies, the Site can "recall" your user ID when you login to the Site on your computer.
Should you choose to do so, cookies can be removed from your hard drive and certain web browsers can be set so that cookies are not used or saved.
Please check with your browser provider for more information on removing cookies.
Cookie information may allow us to determine things like the URL of the website you visited before coming to this website, the type of browser or mobile device you are using to access the Site, your IP address, language, approximate geographic location, and time zone.
We, and/or our authorized third party service providers may automatically collect this information when you access and use the Site through the use of electronic tools like log files and cookies.
We use this information to troubleshoot, administer the Site and its services, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.
We may also share this information with our authorized third party service providers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online tools, content, and programming.
Do Not Track Signals from Web Browsers
The Site is not presently configured to support Do Not Track ("DNT") signals from web browsers.
Use of Information
The user information (including Personal Information) collected on the Site is used to process requests, to fulfill orders, for customer service, to market and improve printsmadeeasy.com products and services, to customize your experience on the Site, and to contact you with updates to the Site and other information.
printsmadeeasy.com may also use your information to provide you with information we believe may be of interest to you.
If you do not wish to receive marketing information, email us at unsubscribe@printsmadeeasy.com.
Email messages will also provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving this information.
Please note, changes to your preference may not be effective immediately.
Sharing of Information
We do not share any user information obtained through the Site, unless one of the following circumstances apply:
To provide services offered through the Site
From time to time, we will disclose your information (on a confidential basis) to agents and others that we use in the ordinary operation of the Site, such as account and billing, marketing and promotion, user experience research and surveys, website hosting and support and maintenance.
We will only disclose your information to the extent required for the limited purpose of the third party providing services contracted to us so that we may service you.
With your consent
We will share personal information with outside companies, organizations, or individuals when we have your consent to do so.
For legal reasons
We will share user information with outside parties if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonable necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; or
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Business Transfer
We may share your information in a business transfer. As with any other business, we could merge with, or be acquired by, another company, or we may file for protection under applicable bankruptcy laws in the future.
In such event, user information obtained and maintained by us, including personal information, will transfer to a successor entity in connection with the corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.
User information submitted prior to any such transfer would remain subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy (as it existed on the date of the submission).
However, user information submitted after a transfer to a successor entity may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.
Please contact us at the address below for any additional questions about the management or use of user information.
Please contact us at the address below for any additional questions about the management or use of user information.
Links
The Site may contain links to third party websites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third party sites.
We do not exercise control over third party websites displayed as search results or links from within the Site and these third party websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.
As such, we encourage our users to be aware of this fact when they leave our website and to read the privacy policies or statements of each and every website that they visit which collects personally-identifiable information.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected on the Site.
Security
printsmadeeasy.com has security measures in place to protect customer information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we employ security measures to protect data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to the Site and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.
Password-protected areas of the Site can be accessed only with a valid password. Each password owner is responsible for keeping the password confidential and safe
For Users Outside of the United States Only
The Site is hosted on servers located in the United States.
If you are a user accessing our websites from the European Union, Australia, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, you are transferring your personal data to the United States which may not have the same data protection laws as such other regions.
By providing user information through the Service, you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintenance in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms & Conditions.
You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning the Site and any services offered or provided therefrom.
Data Subject Rights
Depending on your residency, you may have certain data subject rights.
These rights vary by state and country, but they may include the right to:
(i) request additional disclosures about the Personal Information we collect, use, and disclose, i.e., a “Request to Know (Categories of Information)”;
(ii) obtain a copy of Personal Information, i.e., a “Request to Know (Specific Pieces of Information),” sometimes called the Right to Access;
(iii) request deletion of Personal Information, i.e., a “Request to Delete Information,” sometimes called the Right to Be Forgotten;
(iii) opt out of the sale of Personal Information if we were to sell Personal Information, i.e., a “Request to Opt Out.”
We do not sell your information, so you are already opted-out of such sales.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights, for example, by charging a different price or denying goods or services.
However, we may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods or services when that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by the data.
How to Exercise Data Subject Rights
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please email pirequest@printsmadeeasy.com with the phrase “Data Subject Rights” in the subject line.
You may also call us toll-free at 844.380.7053 or complete this web form. We will review your requests and respond accordingly.
The rights described herein are not absolute and we reserve all of our rights available to us at law in this regard.
Additionally, if we retain your Personal Information only in de-identified form, we will not attempt to re-identify your data in response to a Data Subject Rights request.
If you make a request related to Personal Information about you, we will need to verify your identity.
To do so, we will request that you match specific pieces of information you have provided us previously, as well as, in some instances, provide a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.
If it is necessary to collect additional information from you, we will use the information only for verification purposes and will delete it as soon as practicable after complying the request.
For requests related to particularly sensitive information, we may require additional proof of identification.
If you make a Data Subject Rights request through an authorized agent, we will require written proof that the agent is authorized to act on your behalf.
We will process your request within the time provided by applicable law.
Additional Privacy Rights in California
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request information about how we share certain categories of personal information with third parties.
California law gives you the right to send us a request at a designated address to receive the following information:
Categories of information we disclose to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year;
Names and addresses of the third parties that received that information;
and, if the nature of the third party's business cannot be determined from their name, examples of the products or services marketed.
We may provide this information in a standard format that is not specific to you. The designated email address for these requests is pirequest@printsmadeeasy.com.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
This Site operates "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE," without warranties of any other kind.
We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control.
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding conflicts of law principles.
Any legal actions against us arising out of or related to the Site or any services offered or provided therefrom must be commenced in the county of Los Angeles
in the state of California in the United States of America.
How do I contact printsmadeeasy.com?
Our postal address is:
printsmadeeasy.com
8000 Haskell Avenue
Van Nuys, CA 91406
We can be reached via email at info@printsmadeeasy.com or by telephone at 1-800-263-0847.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
printsmadeeasy.com reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time with or without notice.
Any changes will be posted on this page. printsmadeeasy.com encourages you to check this page regularly.
If you provide information to us, access, or use the Site in any way after this Privacy Policy has been changed,
you will be deemed to have unconditionally consented and agreed to such changes.
The most current version of this Privacy Policy will be available on the web page at all appropriate times and will supersede all previous versions of this Privacy Policy.
©2020 . All Rights Reserved.
TRUST
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
RESOURCES
Help & FAQ
COMPANY
Contact Us