http://www.landlordterminal.com/en/privacy_policy/
BENEFITS
FEATURES
FREE DEMO
PRICING
CONTACT US
Landlord Terminal Privacy Policy
Last Modified July 01, 2011
Welcome to www.landlordterminal.com, a web-based property management system operated by Landlord Terminal ("company"). Your privacy is important to us and we have designed Landlord Terminal to give you choices about the personal information available on this site. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and share your personal identifying information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and if you have any questions please feel free to contact us.
By using www.landlordterminal.com, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in the Privacy Policy. From time to time, we may update the Privacy Policy and we will post a notice of significant changes on the site. You should visit this page periodically to review any such changes to the Privacy Policy.
Information we collect
When you register to become a user of Landlord Terminal, we collect your name, email address and other personal identifying informationthat you submit to the site.
When you add new system users into your account or send messages through the Landlord Terminal service, we collect and maintain the information associated with those messages, including email addresses and content on secure servers. In order to provide the best possible service and detect and correct site errors, we collect aggregate information about use of the site (such as which page are most often viewed) and we collect information about your computer, such as browser type, browser language, screen resolution and IP address.
How we use your information
We will never rent, sell, or share your personal information with any third party for marketing purposes without your express permission.
You understand and agree that Landlord Terminal may access, preserve, and disclose your personal information and the contents of your account if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect the rights and property of Landlord Terminal, its affiliates or the public.
We use the non-personally identifiable information and certain technical information about your computer in order to operate, maintain, analyze and manage Landlord Terminal.
Transfer of information
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Landlord Terminal or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership of Landlord Terminal, such as acquisition by or merger with another company. In such an event, Landlord Terminal will notify you before information about you are transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Others' information
If you add another user to use Landlord Terminal, we will ask for that person's name and email address. We use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person that he or she has been added as Landlord Terminal user. We may share other's email information with our affiliates, partners, or agents that are required to abide by this Privacy Policy. We also may disclose such information if required to do so in order to comply with valid legal process.
Credit/Debit Cards and Bank Account Details
Landlord Terminal uses industry-standard SSL (secure socket layer) technology to protect every important interaction you have with the system. This protects your payment type and other personal information.
Neither Landlord Terminal nor our payment partners ever share or sell your personal information. The information you provide will be used solely for the purpose for which it was provided.
Billing information is checked against the account information by our third-party payment processor (Authorize.net or Wirecard). If the information submitted is invalid, the payment information will not be accepted. Any irregularities will be reviewed by a Landlord Terminal specialist.
All billing information is encypted in database. Even if an unauthorized user could access the database, they wouldn't be able to use the data. In fact, our own employees can not see the raw data.
System is audited to ensure we are Compliant to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
Cookies
We send "cookies" to your computer and use such cookies as described here. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service and make the service easier to use for our customers. We do this by storing user preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends - for example, we use cookies to allow you to log in to the service by the PIN code after the first user session.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Be aware, however, that some parts of Landlord Terminal may not function properly if you refuse cookies.
Links to other sites
Landlord Terminal may contain links to other web sites. These other sites maintain their own policies regarding cookies and the collection and use of personal information.
Security
We use industry standard security measures to protect your information so that it is not made available to unauthorized parties. If you have any questions regarding which measures and techniques we use, feel free to contact us.
Additional questions
Again, feel free to contact us any time if you have further questions about Landlord Terminal.
Username:
Password:
Register
Password Reset
+
Pay as you go
+
Low support cost
+
Guaranteed uptime
+
No extra cost or hidden charges for updates
+
Automatic data backup
+
IDS/GDS Connection
+
Multi-Property Internet Booking Engine
+
Compliant PCI DSS
Starts as low as $ 0.16/day per room
Try the demo and evaluate if it's reasonable
Calculate your own price
Register now and get a PMS setup fee WAIVED!
See what's new in the system.
© 2006-2020 Landlord Terminal					|
Privacy Policy
|
Service Level Agreement
|
System Requirements
|
Frequently Asked Questions