http://www.allviewmirror.com/info.htm#legal
Testimonials    |
RAM™ Dealers    |   Customer Support    |    Request Info    |   Press    |   FAQs
Bookmark Us  |  Email A Friend
AMS™ Model 1750
Smart-Clip™ ALLVIEW™ Mirror
Racers
ALLVIEW™ Mirror (RAM™)
CALL TOLL FREE: 1-866-200-8740
Fast USPS Priority Mail delivery on all orders!
Powered by E-FREECART.COM secure online shopping cart.
About Us  |  Legal Notices  |  Security & Privacy
About Us
We See What Others Have Been MissingThrough Our Customers Eyes.
Industry PioneerTobby F. Joe, President and Inventor, pioneered and created the world's first revolutionary and patented all-in-one driving vision solution, the ALLVIEW™ Mirror System (AMS™). For nearly a century since 1911 after the first rearview mirror was fitted in a vehicle, the automotive industry has been looking for improved ways to solve the major vision problems associated with driving. Not until AMS™ did a viable technology exist. AMS™ helps eliminate blind spots while offsetting visual distortion and reduces glare for safer night driving, allowing you to judge accurately what you see to ensure safe lane changes without guesswork.
Advanced Optical TechnologyAllview's experience and knowledge in mirror technology is unsurpassed. No other mirror manufacturer can produce Allview's product quality. Our mathematically and optically advanced patented mirror technology has inherent, far-reaching competitive advantages over all other mirrors. Ours are the only mirrors to be the number one choice of NASCAR professional stock car and truck race teams.
ExperienceFor well over a decade since 1989, Allview products have been tested and proven both on the racetrack and on the road to bring our customers the best driving vision solution available. The ALLVIEW™ Mirror System (AMS™) is the number one choice of NASCAR professional stock car and truck race teams. AMS™ is the only automotive safety mirror product to have ever received an unprecedented 5-year annual contract award (Contract No.53812) by the City of Los Angeles. AMS™ is also the only automotive safety mirror product recommended and used by the world-renowned Ranchos Los Amigos Rehabilitation Center Driver Training Program.
See What You've Been Missing!™It is not only our slogan but our company philosophy. We see what others have been missing through our customers eyes in order to create products that address our customers needs and help solve their problems.
At Allview Mirrors Corporation we provide the best automotive safety technology and solution available that provide a lifetime of protection dedicated to driving safety.
Top
Legal Notices
Disclaimer Despite our best efforts, it is not possible to ensure that all information is completely accurate and correct. The materials contained on the server could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. As such, Allview Mirrors Corporation is not responsible or liable for any actions taken as a result of using the server. Moreover, Allview Mirrors Corporation assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the materials on the server. THESE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Furthermore, Allview Mirrors Corporation does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within these materials. In no event shall Allview Mirrors Corporation be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of the materials. The materials, information, prices and discounts set forth herein are subject to change without notice and do not represent a commitment of Allview Mirrors Corporation. We reserve the right to refuse any order.
Copyright
and Trademark
The ALLVIEW™ Mirror System (AMS™), Smart-Clip™ ALLVIEW™ Mirror and the Racers ALLVIEW™ Mirror (RAM™) names, See
What You've Been Missing!™, the ALLVIEW™ and ALLVIEW™ Racing
logos and related marks are trademarks of Allview Mirrors
Corporation. © 1989-2014 Allview Mirrors Corporation. All rights reserved.
All text, graphics, pictures, the ALLVIEW™ Windows Program (AWP™) and the NSD™ (Nearest-Safety-Distance) Technology
are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws,
and may not be copied, reprinted, published, translated,
hosted or otherwise distributed by any means without explicit
written consent of Allview Mirrors Corporation.
Patent The ALLVIEW™ Mirror System is protected by U.S. and international patent laws. U.S. Patent No. 5,321,556.
External SitesThis site may contain links to other sites that are owned and operated by third parties, the External Sites. You acknowledge that Allview Mirrors Corporation is not responsible for the availability, accuracy and validity of content on External Sites. You should contact directly the site administrator or Webmaster for those External Sites for which you have any comments, questions or concerns.
Top
Security & Privacy
We at Allview Mirrors Corporation are committed to protecting and securing the privacy of our visitors, and we treat any information you share with discretion, care and respect. This notice describes our security and privacy policies for www.allviewmirror.com.
Security Our goal is to make your online shopping experience safe, convenient and worry free. The privacy and security programs we have installed make sure this is guaranteed.
All of our online transactions are processed via the secure server software, the Security Socket Layer (SSL). The SSL software encrypts all of your personal information you submit, including credit card number, name and address so that they are safe and secure and cannot be read by anyone over the internet.
PrivacyWe do not sell, rent or share our customers information without their consent.
Top
About Us   |  Contact Us   |  Legal Notices   |  Security & Privacy   |  Site Map© 1989-2014 Allview Mirrors Corporation. All rights reserved. U.S. Patent No. 5,321,556
with 55 claims.