http://www.disabilityquotes.com/legal-disclaimer
Search
×
Search Our Site
Search
Disability Insurance
Legal Disclaimer
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
DisabilityQuotes.com Disclaimer
Individual disability insurance policy Forms 18ID, 18UD, 18GI, 1400, 1500, and 1600 underwritten and issued by Berkshire Life Insurance Company of America (BLICOA), Pittsfield, MA. BLICOA is a wholly-owned stock subsidiary of The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America (Guardian), New York, NY. Product provisions and availability may vary by state. In New York: These policies provide disability insurance only. They do not provide basic hospital, basic medical, or major medical insurance as defined by the New York State Insurance Department. For policy forms 18ID, 1400, 1500, and 1600 the expected benefit ratio is 50%. For policy forms 18UD, 18GI, 18UD-F, and 18GI-F, the expected benefit ratio is 60%. The expected benefit ratio is the portion of future premiums that the company expects to return as benefits when averaged over all people with these policy forms.
Policies issued to anesthesiologists/anesthetists, emergency room physicians, dentists (general), and pain management physicians, as well as all policies issued in California, will have a mandatory Mental and/or Substance-Related Disorder (MSRD) limitation. For increase options exercised from such policies, the MSRD limitation will also be included. However, a policy may have been issued without the MSRD limitation; in that event, a new policy issued as a result of an increase option exercise is not required to have the MSRD limitation. Discounts are applied when there is an MSRD limitation.  The state of Vermont does not apply such a limitation to any policies, regardless of occupation.
Optional riders are available for an additional premium.
The information provided on this web page is not tax or legal advice and should not be construed as such. For your specific situation please consult your legal or tax advisor.
Steve Crawford is a Registered Representative of Park Avenue Securities LLC (PAS), 7 Hanover Square, New York, NY 10004. Securities products and services offered through PAS, 1-888-600-4667. Financial Balance Group LLC & Disability Insurance Quotes are not affiliates or subsidiaries of PAS.
PAS is a member of FINRA, SIPC.
Check the background of our investment professionals on FINRA's BrokerCheck
Steven L. Crawford is a licensed agent in every state of The United States including Washington DC. California - 0D07207, Massachusetts - 1634963, Minnesota - IN-20275011, Florida -D058455, New York - LA-927090, New Jersey - IP-0089627, Texas - 1078622, Ohio - 572856, Pennsylvania - 17546. The information on this site is intended for the residents of The United States. The associates of Financial Balance Group LLC & Disability Insurance Quotes are licensed to sell life and health insurance in all 50 states. To find out if your agent is licensed in your state, please contact Steve Crawford at 888-513-2300.
Links to other sites are for your convenience in locating related information and services. This agency, The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America (Guardian) and Park Avenue Securities, LLC(PAS) do not maintain these other sites and have no control over the organizations that maintain the sites or the information, products or services these organizations provide. Although this agency, Guardian, and PAS believe that the information from these organizations is reliable, we cannot guarantee completeness or suitability for any purpose. Accordingly, this Agency, Guardian, and PAS expressly disclaim any responsibility for the content, the accuracy of the information, or the quality of products or services provided by the organizations that maintain these sites. This Agency, Guardian, and PAS do not recommend or endorse these organizations or their products or services in any form.
Terms of Service Agreement
General
The statements and provisions involving this web page henceforth form a legal contract between you, the user, and the Financial Balance Group, LLC. Defined as the "Terms of Use" such language establishes the parameters by which you the user may use this web page and any other services or applications owned by Financial Balance Group, LLC. All references to "web page" refers to the contents and services of this web page. All references to the "user" is any person directly or indirectly accessing this web page or its Applications. By proceeding to use this web page you agree to the terms herein including all conditions expressly requiring acceptance of these terms.
The statements and provisions involving this web page henceforth form a legal contract between you, the user, and the Financial Balance Group, LLC. Defined as the "Terms of Use" such language establishes the parameters by which you the user may use this web page and any other services or applications owned by Financial Balance Group, LLC. All references to "web page" refers to the contents and services of this web page. All references to the "user" is any person directly or indirectly accessing this web page or its Applications. By proceeding to use this web page you agree to the terms herein including all conditions expressly requiring acceptance of these terms.
NOTE: THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISION ASSOCIATED WITH THE CONTENT AND FUNCTIONS OF THIS web page. THESE PROVISIONS AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS AS A USER OF THIS web page AND ALSO SERVES AS A CLASS ACTION WAIVER IN REGARDS TO DISPUTES WITH FINANCIAL BALANCE GROUP, LLC.
Site Content
Financial Balance Group, LLC reserves the right to update and or change the contents of this web page without notice to its users. Financial Balance Group, LLC does not assert the complete accuracy, authenticity, or completeness of the content on this web page to you, the user. web pages that may be accessed through the use of this web page are separate entities from this site and are independent of Financial Balance Group, LLC. Any reference or link to other web pages on this web page shall not be construed by you, the user, as an endorsement of any kind in regards to said web pages.
Use of the Site. Financial Balance Group, LLC does not intend to provide any advice via the contents of this web page in regards to insurance, legal advice, investment, finance, retirement planning, tax, or other areas of counsel which may be construed by the user as such. This web page does not include any professional advice. The user should do his/her own research, or seek professional advice when making decisions involving the areas listed above. Financial Balance Group, LLC along with its employees, agents, representatives, and the creators of this web page, are not liable or responsible for any damages or harm suffered in association with the contents of this web page and its usage. This includes all direct, indirect, special, third party, or consequential damages. Previous premium costs are not a reference or predictor for future costs and any references to expected premium costs are to be used as a historical reference only. There is no content on this web page that indicates Financial Balance Group, LLC is offering to sell or soliciting for an offer to buy any insurance product or service. The use of this site is at the user's own risk, and products or services are subject to the express terms of the appropriate agreements.
Do Not Rely on This Website for Your Insurance or Financial Decisions. This web page and the content therein are to be used for informational purposes only and should not be construed to be an offer to buy or sell any product or service. It is recommended that you seek outside financial insurance and financial advice as well as to conduct your own independent research before you make any decisions.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
Financial Balance Group, LLC gives no warranties in regards to its contents, including those that may be construed as an express or implied by any user of this web page. This web page strives to provide accurate and up to date information to the best of its ability, the use of this web page is done so at the risk of the user. Financial Balance Group, LLC is not responsible for any information that may become inaccurate or out of date and holds no duty to correct inaccuracies or false information within its content. By using this web page, the user agrees to operate it "as is" while also waiving any representation of a warranty in regards to the site's content. Financial Balance Group, LLC disclaims all warranties to the maximum capacity based on the governing jurisdiction.
No Responsibility for Security. Financial Balance Group, LLC does not express to the user that this site will function free of error or free of any other type of dysfunctional issue. Financial Balance Group, LLC does not assume any responsibility for damages or harm to your personal property, third parties' property, computer, or other electronic device used in accessing this web page in regards to the content accessed or downloaded from it. Any content that you, the user, choose to take from this web page is solely your responsibility, and proper precautions must be taken by you to ensure the security and safety of your computer system and or property.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The user agrees that by using this web page you absolve Financial Balance Group, LLC, or any of its third party providers from liability in regards to any claim made by you in connection with these parties. Claims brought by you that involve, but are not limited to, contracts, tort, or statutory provisions, are hereby waived in regards to the Financial Balance Group, LLC's liability. Damages such as but not limited to, punitive, exemplary, incidental, restitution, rehabilitative, or consequential, shall not be collectible under this waiver of liability applicable by the use of this site. If Financial Balance Group, LLC, or its third-party affiliates know of such possibility of damages the liability is still waived on their behalf. Any issue of breach, default, loss of profit, or negligence is hereby also waived in regards to Financial Balance Group, LLC, and its third-party providers by your use of this web page.
Intellectual Property
All written, visual, and graphic, content contained within this web page is protected under copyright laws. Financial Balance Group, LLC does not give permission to any person or entity to copy, reissue, reproduce, or republish any content found within this site without prior written consent from Financial Balance Group, LLC. Names, visual images, writings, and other such content may be registered or unregistered trademarks of Financial Balance Group, LLC and is not an implied license to any outside party for their use.
Indemnity
By using this web page you agree that you do not hold Financial balance Group, LLC or any of its corresponding employees, officers, agents, or affiliates liable for costs, liabilities, damages, or expenses and indemnify us from any claim arising from (i) the demand of a third party that the use of this web page violates applicable law; (ii) any liability in regards to copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property, including that of the rights of a third party; (iii) any breach involving representation or breach of warranty within these terms.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION; CLASS ACTION WAIVER. PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS.
Any actions between you, the user, and the Financial Balance Group, LLC shall be solely resolved through the means of the Circuit or District Court of Montgomery County, Maryland, without the ability for a class action option. The right to arbitration is waived by the use of this web page and or its contents. By using this web page the user agrees that resolution in the state of Maryland, at the appropriate forum of either the Circuit Court (50 Maryland Ave, Rockville, MD 20850) or District Court (191 E Jefferson St, Rockville, MD 20850) of Montgomery County is the sole course of action for any issues arising between the user, and Financial Balance Group, LLC. The user agrees that the dispute will be governed by the laws of the state of Maryland and also hereby waives the right to a jury trial and arbitration by using this web page.
Class Action Waiver
Absent a specific consenting agreement with Financial Balance Group, LLC, such arbitration must be limited to only one claim and is not subject to the addition of third party claims. The arbitrator may not hear multiple-party claims, including but not limited to class action claims, consolidated action, or private attorney general actions. Arbitration must consist of one claim and one claimant only.
Severability
In the event that any clause contained within this Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable, that clause, and that clause alone, will be severed from this provision. The remainder of the Terms of Use will continue to hold full effect unless the Class Action Waiver clause is found to be unenforceable, thereby terminating the enforceability of the entire provision and creating the need to decide the dispute in a court of law.
Continuation
Upon ceasing activity with Financial Balance Group, LLC the terms and conditions expressed herein shall be binding and controlling under any dispute that may arise. If Financial Balance Group, LLC makes any change, other than a change to the notice address, you, the user, may reject changes to this provision activated after your usage. The language present at the time the usage occurred will be controlling in case of a dispute.
Changes
Financial Balance Group, LLC may change the content of its web page at its own discretion including these Terms of Use and any conditions therein without prior notice. All superseding, actual, or implied terms and conditions are included in this right. It is at the user's discretion, and Financial Balance Group, LLC's advisement that you, the user, continue to monitor this site's terms and conditions for any changes. The use of this website is an express acceptance of any changes to previous terms in this agreement which become active upon posting.
Privacy
Financial Balance Group, LLC's Privacy Policy dictates how they use the user's information that is collected throughout the web page. The web pages Privacy Policy can be found here (the "Privacy Policy"). By using this web page you agree to the Privacy Policy terms and conditions and agree that Financial Balance Group, LLC may treat your information accordingly.
Children
This web page deals strictly with those over the age of eighteen (18). At no point does the Financial Balance Group, LLC voluntarily gather any data from those under the age of eighteen (18) through the use of its website. By using this web page you agree to the Terms of Use and stipulate you are eighteen (18) years of age or older.
The United States Only
The services provided via this web page are intended for the sole use and or sale to persons in the United States. No person in any other country or jurisdiction where such use and or sale could take place against law or regulation that would subject Financial Balance Group, LLC to any further action beyond its United States obligations may use these services.
Termination
By using this web page you agree that your usage may be restricted or terminated at any time at the sole discretion of Financial Balance Group, LLC. This restriction and termination right comes without the need for notice of restriction or termination and carries no liability on the part of Financial Balance Group, LLC.
Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use are the controlling legal contract overcoming all other agreements or understandings based on the whole, in part, or separate from these conditions. No condition under these terms may be waived unless authorized by prior written consent by the party or parties in control of the term or clause. If a term within these conditions is found to be unenforceable by an appropriate court of proper jurisdiction, such invalidity will apply to that term and that term only, with no effect in regards to the rest of these provisions. The invalidated term will be severed from this Provision, and the rest of the terms within this Terms of Use agreement will be enforceable as a whole.
Assignment of Rights
All rights held by the Financial Balance Group, LLC may be transferred or delegated at our own discretion. Obligations under these Terms of Use are fully transferable by Financial Balance Group, LLC but not for you, the user. You may not delegate or transfer any obligations under these Terms of Use to a third party without Financial Balance Group, LLC's express written consent.
No Construction of Agreement in Favor of Either Party
Both Financial Balance Group, LLC, and you, the user, agree that no rule of construction will be applicable to either party. This express term prevents any disadvantage to either party and shall not negatively affect the party responsible for preparing these terms.
Governing Law
The terms and conditions expressed forth here shall be viewed in accordance with laws of the state of Maryland and the Federal Arbitration Act disregarding the conflicts of law provisions. The rights of Financial Balance Group, LLC and you the user shall survive any termination of these terms.
Force Majeure
Financial Balance Group, LLC and any third-party providers will not be held liable for non-compliance with its obligations under these provisions for any reason including where such non-compliance has arisen either directly or indirectly from:
Acts of God (Storms, flood, fire, earthquake, hurricane, tornado)
Industrial strikes, acts of war, terrorism, explosion, sabotage, an accident of any kind
Any other circumstances beyond the reasonable control of Financial Balance Group, LLC
Non-Commercial Use
This web page is intended for personal use and may not be used in any capacity involving commercial business, planning, or other endeavors, except those expressly approved by Financial Balance Group, LLC in writing.
California Licenses
ANTHONY J DELVECCHIO 0F28319, JAMES G FEGAN 0B94646, LAURENCE J LASKIN 0C09324, MICHAEL EDWARD MAZZARELLA 0L10622, WILLIAM W OLMSTED 0D94494, STEVEN L CRAWFORD 0D07207
Arkansas Licenses
ANTHONY J DEL VECCHIO 8780693, JAMES G FEGAN 2188142, LAURENCE J LASKIN 2322249, MICHAEL L RELVAS 8913976, WILLIAM W OLMSTED 3395434, STEVEN L CRAWFORD 2508540
2020-100546 Exp: 5/1/22
Login
×
Username
Password
Login
Forgot password?
Questions?
First Time Login?
Agent Registration
Please enter your Two Factor Authentication code.
Verification Code
Continue