http://www.jgbm.co.uk/content/privacy_policy.html/
Home
Products
2 Way Radios
A Grades
Accessories
Air Products
Binding Machines
Calculators
Cash Registers
Cleaning Products
Conference
Consumables
Dictation Machines
Digital Cameras
Display Boards
Electronic Reference
Ergonomic Products
Fax Machines
Folding Machines
Guillotines & Trimmers
Headsets
Health & Safety Labels
Label Machines
Laminators
Lamps
Letter Openers
Miscellaneous
Monitors
Multifunction
Networking
Office Furniture
Pencil Sharpeners
Print Finishing
Printers
Projection
Scanners
Seating
Security
Shredders
Signmaker
Software
Staplers
Stationery
Tablet & Smartphone
Telephones
Typewriters
Vacuum Cleaners
Weighing Scales
Whiteboards
Most Recent Offers!
Motorola TLKR T42 Walkie Talkie Radio TWIN Pack Blue
login
Motorola XT460 On-Site Two-Way SINGLE Radio with Charger
login
Newsletter
Brands
Aurora
Avery
Bi-Bright
Bi-Office
Blueparrott
Brother
BT
Canon
Casio
Cobra
Colop
Compatible Toner
Dymo
Epson
Fellowes
Franklin
Fujitsu
GBC
HiHo
Ibico
Intimus
Jabra
Kensington
Kodak
Kofax
Leitz
LG
Misc
Motorola
Nobo
Nuance
Numatic
Oki
Olympus
Optoma
Paper Mate
Philips
Poly
Radius
Rapid
Rebell
Rexel
Safescan
Sennheiser
Sharp
Sharpie
Sony
Swordfish
Xyron
Special Offers
Blog
Newsletter & Offers
Price Changes & Updates
Product News
Sign up to receive the Newsletter
About Us
Marketing
Help & Support
Basket
My Account
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Forgot Password
Open Trade Account
Vacancies
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy for JGBM Ltd, a company registered in the United Kingdom of Great Britain under number 01421128, whose registered office is at Barn Close, Langage Business Park, Plympton, Plymouth, Devon, PL7 5HQ.
This policy details how we use personal data we collect about you when you use this website and our services.
Definitions
The following definitions are used in this policy:
Data Controller - A Data Controller determines the purposes and means of Processing Personal Data. For the purpose of managing your account and providing goods and services JGBM Ltd would be defined as a Data Controller.
Data Processor - A Data Processor is responsible for Processing Personal Data on behalf of a Data Controller. For the purpose of sending an order direct to an End User on behalf of a Customer, JGBM Ltd would be classed as a Data Processor.
Subprocessor - A 3rd party used by a Data Processor to fulfil purchase orders placed by the Data Controller. May include but not limited to couriers or hauliers, other suppliers and distributors.
Processing - The term "processing" is very broad. It essentially means anything that is done to, or with, personal data (including collecting, storing or deleting data).
Data Subject- An identifiable natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to data. For example, an employee, customer end user etc.
Personal Data - Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘Data Subject’).
Customer - Any organisation who purchases goods or services directly from JGBM Ltd.
End User - Any organisation or individual who purchases goods or services from a Customer.
Legal & Regulatory Obligations
JGBM Ltd recognises the requirements of the current legislation relating to data protection & privacy and electronic communications.
EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation(“GDPR”)
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a legal framework that sets guidelines for the collection and processing of personal information of individuals within the European Union (EU). The GDPR sets out the principles for data management and the rights of the individual, while also imposing fines that can be revenue-based. The General Data Protection Regulation covers all companies that deal with data of EU citizens, so it is a critical regulation for corporate compliance officers at banks, insurers, and other financial companies. GDPR will come into effect across the EU on May 25, 2018.
Under the GDPR, the data protection principles set out the main responsibilities for organisations.
Lawfulness, fairness and transparency - Personal Data shall be processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to the Data Subject.
Purpose limitation - Personal Data shall be collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes.
Data minimisation - Personal Data shall be adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed.
Accuracy - Personal Data shall be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
Storage limitation - Personal Data shall be kept in a form which permits identification of Data Subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data are processed.
Integrity and confidentiality - Personal Data shall be processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organisational measures.
Accountability - The Data Controller shall be responsible for, and be able to demonstrate compliance with the GDPR.
Please read the ICO guide to General Data Protection Regulation for more details.
Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 (PECR 2003)
The Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations are derived from European law. They implement European Directive 2002/58/EC, also known as ‘the e-privacy Directive’.
The e-privacy Directive complements the GDPR and sets out more-specific privacy rights on electronic communications. It recognises that widespread public access to digital mobile networks and the internet opens up new possibilities for businesses and users, but also new risks to their privacy.
PECR have been amended four times. The more recent changes were made in 2015, to allow emergency text alerts and to make it easier to take action for breaches of the marketing rules; and in 2016, to require anyone making a marketing call to display their number. This guide covers the latest version of PECR, which came into effect on 16 May 2016.
PECR covers the following areas:
Marketing by electronic means, including marketing calls, texts, emails and faxes.
The use of cookies or similar technologies that track information about people accessing a website or other electronic service.
Security of public electronic communications services.
Privacy of customers using communications networks or services as regards traffic and location data, itemised billing, line identification services (eg caller ID and call return), and directory listings.
Please read the ICO guide to Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations for more details.
Website & Services
You must have a trade account with JGBM Ltd to place orders, see trade prices and use the services on this website. If you do not already have an account please download and submit a trade account application form.
What Personal Data Do We Collect?
JGBM Ltd collect information about you when you register to use this website, place an order, request a return, or register for a trade account.
JGBM Ltd is distributor, the only Personal Data we collect about you the Customer are names and email addresses. Only email addresses where an individual can be identified are classed as personal data. For example sales@everyofficesupplies.co.uk would not be classed as Personal Data, but joe.bloggs@everyofficesupplies.co.uk would be as it includes the individual's name through which the individual would be identifiable.
Where authorised by you the Customer, JGBM Ltd can deliver direct to the End User, where delivery is to an individual the following Personal Data will be collected:
Name
Address
Email Address
Telephone Number
End User Personal Data will only be used for the purpose of processing and delivering orders, and honoring warranty obligations. JGBM Ltd will never contact the End User directly without your permission.
Telephone calls are recorded to monitor service levels. To comply with payment card industry data security standards call recording is paused while taking credit card payment details.
How We Use The Personal Data We Collect?
Personal Data is collected to manage your account, process your orders, and to provide customer services and consignment tracking.
To facilitate Processing & delivery of your order, it may be necessary to pass your contact name/address details to a Subprocessor. Such Subprocessor’s may include but not limited to couriers or hauliers, other suppliers and distributors.
In managing your account, we may send your details to, and also use information from credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies.
How Long Is Personal Data Retained?
Customer’s Personal Data will be kept for the term of their account with JGBM Ltd, and will be deleted on termination of their account. Personal Data can be deleted on request of the Customer prior to termination of account, for example Personal Data belonging to an employee no longer working for the Customer.
How is Your Personal Data Protected?
A range of administrative, electronic and physical security measures are used to protect Customer and End User Personal Data. These measures protect Personal Data against loss, unauthorised access or alteration without permission.
Cloud services used by JGBM Ltd for Processing Personal Data either have a Data Processing Agreement that meets the requirements of the GDPR or participate in the EU-U.S Privacy Shield Framework.
Marketing
The JGBM group of companies will send you information about products, services, offers and promotions which may be of interest to you. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click on the unsubscribe button at the bottom of marketing emails.
JGBM Ltd will not share your Personal Data with 3rd parties for marketing purposes.
Email marketing campaigns may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity.
This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.
Cookies
A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website's server and only that server will be able to retrieve or read the contents of that cookie. Each cookie is unique to your web browser. It will contain some anonymous information such as a unique identifier and the site name and some digits and numbers. It allows a website to remember things like your preferences or what's in your shopping basket.
The JGBM Ltd website uses session cookies. Session cookies are files that are needed to store information while a customer is browsing the website, such as that items are in their shopping basket. These cookies don’t record Personal Data.
You can set your web browser to disable cookies, please visit https://www.wikihow.com/Disable-Cookies for instructions. Please be aware some website features may not function with cookies disabled. For further information about cookies please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Data Subject Rights
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Data, please email or write to us at the following address.
IT Manager
JGBM Ltd
Barn Close
Langage Business Park
Plymouth
Devon
PL7 5HQ
it@jgbm.co.uk
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Home
Special Offers
Basket
My Account
Contact Us / Help
Blog
Login
Privacy Policy
Designed & Developed by JGBM Ltd
All telephone calls to JGBM Ltd may be monitored and/or recorded for security and training purposes.Company Registration No. 01421128 VAT No. 291486039 v2.1
Logging in and retrieving your account data, please wait...