http://www.leavitt.com/legal/default.aspx
Toggle navigation
Menu
Locations
About
About Leavitt Group
Affiliation
Careers
Contact Us
Locations
Businesses
Business Services
Overview
Bonds/Surety
Captives
Claims Management
Executive & Professional Liability
Key Person Life Insurance
Loss Control / Safety Programs
Small Business
Employee Benefits
Overview
Plan Development & Design
Voluntary Products
HR Support Services
Wellness Services
Underwriting
Communications & Online Services
Expanded Business Solutions
Executive Benefits
Small Group
ERISA / Compliance Services
Health Care Reform
Industry Programs
Overview
Association Programs
Attorney Practice
Bank & Credit Union Program
Construction Practice
Energy Programs
Food Program
Health Care Practice
Manufacturing Practice
Non-Profits Practice
Plastics Practice
Portable Storage
Real Estate / Property Management Practice
Restaurant Practice
Technology Practice
Warehouse / Logistics / Transportation Program
Individuals
Private Client
Overview
Distinctions & Products
Individuals & Families
Overview
ATV Insurance
Boat Insurance
Car Insurance
Earthquake Insurance
Flood Insurance
Health Insurance
Home & Condo Insurance
Identity Theft Insurance
Life Insurance
Motorcycle Insurance
RV Insurance
Umbrella Coverage
Online Insurance Quotes
Home & Auto Quotes
Customer Service
Client Services
Client Service Timeline
Find Local Agency
Locations
Privacy Statement
Legal Information
Privacy Notice
Compensation Disclosure
Conditions Of Use
At Leavitt Group Enterprises and its affiliated entities, protecting your privacy is important. We want you to understand what information we collect and how we use it. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting the website Leavitt.com, and/or the websites of any of affiliated entities, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Information We Collect and From Whom We Collect It
We may collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others; and
Information we receive from non-affiliated third parties, including consumer reporting agencies.
In addition, we may use "cookies" (small text files transferred from our website to your hard drive) to recognize repeat users, track usage, gather personal information, and facilitate your access to and use of the site.
"Nonpublic personal information" is nonpublic information about you that we obtain in connection with providing a financial product or service to you.
Non-affiliated Third Parties to Whom Disclosures May Be Made
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries or affiliates that Leavitt Group Enterprises controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
We may disclose nonpublic personal information about you, such as we have described above, to insurance companies, general agencies, and other insurance-related entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or with whom we have joint marketing agreements.
We may also disclose nonpublic information about you to non-affiliated third parties as permitted by law, such as when required to do so by a court order or subpoena.
Our Security Procedures
We restrict access to your nonpublic personal information and only allow disclosures to persons and companies as permitted by law to assist in providing products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your nonpublic personal information.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Leavitt.com and/or the websites of any affiliated entities, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Utah. If you have any concern about privacy at Leavitt.com and/or the websites of any affiliated entities, please send us a thorough description to webmaster@leavitt.com, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. You should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.