http://www.logmax.com/en/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Scope and purpose
This policy provides detailed information on how Log Max (hereafter referred to as "Log Max" or "we") deals with customers’ personal data. The purpose of this policy is to provide our current, past and future customers (collectively, "customers" or "you") with information about how and why we process your personal data, what personal data we process, how long they are saved and how to request that your Personal Information be corrected or deleted. This policy may be update, and the latest version is always available on our website.
Who is the Personal data controller?
Log Max (a Swedish legal person with organization number 556069-9794) is the Personal Data Controller and responsible for the personal information we collect online as well as offline.
If you have questions regarding the use of your personal information by your third party dealer or contractor, you should contact them directly.
How and on what basis do we process your Personal Data?
We are aware of and appreciate that you have entrusted your Personal Data with us and we will ensure to protect your integrity. We strive to, whenever possible design our services so that you can choose whether to share your Personal Data with us.
We collect Personal Data so that we can
• provide you with products and services, including checking that you are entitled to certain purchases and services, and to offer you extended
• offers and experiences • provide information about updates or changes regarding our products and services, including but not limited to changes to our terms and policies offer service and services for your machine • provide product development information, for example, to improve machine performance, quality and safety • meet legal requirements or requests from authorities • Inform you of new products, services and events • evaluate and improve our offer and our communication with customers and stakeholders • meet legal requirements or requests from authorities • conduct market research • conduct analysis and customer profiling conducted by ourselves and our selected suppliers.
The information you provide us with, including financial information and information we collect ourselves, including information about the products and services, in order to fulfil our business agreement, constitute a contractual basis for the processing of the Personal Data. Other lawful basis for collecting and processing Personal Data may for instance be, apart from an explicit consent, legal obligations and legitimate interests after a balance of interest has been made.
Log Max will only process Personal Data that is correct, relevant and necessary in relation to the purpose for which they have been collected. We try to de-personalize your Personal Data if a function or service is obtainable with anonymous data.
What kind of Personal Data do we collect?
You may provide us with information about you or your machine when using Log Max’s services inside or outside the machine or in other contacts with Log Max, for example through our websites. We may also obtain such information from our authorized dealers and contractors and other third parties.
Such information may be:
Your contact information (name, company, address, phone number, e-mail address, etc.) • Demographic information (age, gender, occupational role, etc.) • Personal information (date of birth, how you prefer to be contacted, etc.) • Machine Information (Model, Serial Number, Purchase Date, Service History, etc • Information related to the purchase and use of our products and services (customer preferences and settings, purchase history, etc.). We are particularly careful when we collect and process Sensitive Personal Data, as required by applicable law.
When do we obtain consent?
If required, we will obtain your consent before collecting or using your Personal Data. The request for your consent must be clear and specific and provide you with a reasonable basis to make your decision. We make sure that you can actively consent in a clear and specific manner. It is voluntary to consent, and your consent can always be withdrawn, for example by terminating a particular service or contact Log Max at the address specified in the last section of this Policy. In case a consent is not given, it can entail that services or parts of services may not be used. Collection and use of logged data may be necessary when technicians diagnose and correct errors in service and maintenance of machines as well as in handling Log Max warranty commitments or compliance with legal requirements. Services provided by third parties You may access applications and other services connected to the machine but provided by third parties, which may require, for example, the transfer of location data and other machine-recorded data to this third party. Log Max is not responsible for the collection or use of Personal Data in third party applications or services, and recommends that you carefully review the terms and conditions. If you have questions regarding the use of your Personal Data by any third party, contact the third party directly.
How do we handle Personal Data within and outside the EU / EEA?
Log Max handles Personal Data within the EU / EEA and in case of transfer of Personal Data to a territory outside thereof, Log Max will ensure that there is a legal basis for the transfer in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.
How do you end our processing of your Personal Data?
In most cases, you can terminate our processing of your Personal Data by updating your preferences, terminating a particular service, or withdrawing your consent to the treatment/processing by contacting Log Max at the address specified in the last section of this Policy or in any other way we may otherwise inform you. However, you may not, in general, unless compliant with applicable law, decline the processing of your Personal Data in relation to:
• Information related to security • Information we handle to comply with legal obligations.
For how long do we keep your Personal Data?
We will only keep your Personal Data as long as it is necessary for the purpose for which the information was collected, as described in this policy, or the purpose for which you have otherwise been informed of and given your consent to, or for as long we are required to do so by law
br/>
How is the quality of the data we collect safeguarded?
When we process your Personal Data, we strive to ensure that it is accurate and relevant, and we delete or correct Personal Data that are incorrect or incomplete. More information about your rights to ensure the accuracy of our Personal Information is contained in the last section of this policy.
With whom may we share the information?
In order to fulfil our commitments to our customers and other stakeholders, Log Max may share your Personal Data with a third party, such as retailers, suppliers and contractors. We may also share your Personal Data with an authority if we are required to do so by law, or if you have agreed that we may do so. To the extent that such sharing takes place, Log Max has taken all reasonable legal, technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unauthorized destruction, accidental loss or alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access and any other unauthorized forms of treatment.
In what manner is your Personal Data used in marketing?
We may provide you with information about new products, services, events or similar marketing activities. If you want to unsubscribe to a particular newsletter via email or similar communication, follow the instructions in the corresponding communication. We will not sell your Personal Data to third parties and we will not share your Personal Data with third parties for their marketing purposes. How do we handle Personal Data on the Web and in cookies? In general, you can visit Log Max web sites without identifying yourself or without revealing any information about yourself. However, in order to provide you with certain services or offers, we usually need to register certain Personal Data, which you provide us with, such as your name and your email address. When you use any of the site's contact forms to contact us, we will also log your IP address, your specified information, and the time of use.
Read more about cookies in our policy. (link)
Right to extracts, correction and deletion
You can as long as your Personal Data is stored, request an extract of the Data, have them corrected or deleted. You are entitled to request information about (i) what Personal Data related to you we process, (ii) where Personal Data is collected, (iii) Purpose of the Treatment and (iv) with which recipients or categories of recipients the Personal Data is shared. You also have the right to request that we correct, block or delete any incorrect information related to you. Your request should be processed promptly and correctly. The request to delete Personal Data is processed with due regard to any applicable legal requirements. Any complaints you may have on how we handle your Personal Data may be brought to the Data Protection Authority, DPA, which in Sweden is Datainspektionen. If you wish to contact us in connection with our handling of your personal information, you are welcome to do so by e-mail address This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Updated 25th of May 2018
Log Max retains all copyrights in any text, graphic images, and software owned by Log Max AB and hereby authorizes you to electronically copy documents published herein solely for the purpose of transmitting or viewing the information.
You may not mirror, modify or otherwise alter any files in this website for rebroadcast, or print the information contained therein, without written permission from Log Max. Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any Log Max copyright, patent or trademark.
Log Max, Log Mate, their respective logos, as well as corporate and product identity used herein, are trademarks of Log Max and may not be used without permission. "Log Max" and "Log Mate" are registered trademarks of Log Max AB, Stationsvägen 12, 77013 Grangärde, Sweden.
Legal Notices
The information in this publication, including text, images, and links, are PROVIDED "AS IS" BY "LOG MAX AB" SOLELY AS A CONVENIENCE TO ITS DEALERS AND CUSTOMERS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Log Max AB assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in this publication or other documents which are referenced by or linked to this publication. This publication could include technical or other inaccuracies, and not all products or services referenced herein are available in all areas. Changes are periodically added to the information, and Log Max may change the products or services described in this publication at any time. Contact your local Log Max dealer for further information before relying on any information contained herein.
Should you choose to respond directly to Log Max with comments, questions, suggestions, ideas or the like relating to this Web Site or Log Max products and services, you agree that such information shall be deemed as non-confidential and Log Max shall have no obligation to respond and be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products incorporating such information.
FaLang translation system by Faboba