http://www.artem.com/privacy-policy
A full-service physical SFX company offering industry-leading skills, equipment and facilities - which can combine to produce almost any effect.
PRIVACY POLICY
Artem Ltd. is registered in England and Wales, Company number 02117063.
VAT Number:GB 468 6718 92
CONTACT DETAILS
Our full details are:Full name of legal entity: ARTEM LTDTitle: Data Protection OfficerEmail address: DPO@artem.comPostal address: Artem Ltd., Perivale Industrial Park, Horsenden Lane South, Greenford UB67RH.
In accordance with EU GDPR rules, this Privacy Policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use our website and / or other services provided by us. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Note that we may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address, telephone number, and other information such as business / home addresses
Marketing and Communications Data
We also use ‘Google Analytics’ to obtain statistics regarding visits to our website, such as geographical location and time of visit, however this is anonymised data that cannot be used to identify you.
How are your personal data collected?
You may give us your contact details by filling in online forms on our website or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise.
What we do with, and how we use, the information we gather
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
To provide you with information on our products and services following a request to do so (e.g., by filling out a query form on our website).
Where it is necessary for our ‘Legitimate Interests’ (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.  ‘Legitimate Interests’ means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business, to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience.
Under a ‘Performance of Contract’.  ‘Performance of Contract’ means processing your data where it is necessary to carry out of a contract to which you are a party, or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
For our internal record keeping.
To improve our products and services.
To periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided (when we do so, you will always be given the option to opt out of such communications using a direct link in the email).
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other third party websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our website, you should note that we do not have any control over that other third party websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such websites are not governed by this privacy statement.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on our website, you will not be sent any marketing information unless you check the opt-in box to receive this information.
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time, by clicking the opt-out links on any message we send to you.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for seven (7) years after they cease being customers for tax purposes. In some circumstances, you can ask us to delete your data. See ‘request erasure of your personal data’ below.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data as listed below:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a Legitimate Interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any timewhere we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Please email us on DPO@artem.comif you wish to exercise any of these rights. Note we DO NOT charge any fee for the supply of such data and aim to respond within ten days of any request. We may need to request further information from you to help us confirm your identity, and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.