http://www.henleydesigns.co.uk/termsandconditions
Quality Hi-Fi Distribution
Latest News
Blog
Events Diary
Product Catalogue
Where to Buy
Tech Support
Full Technical Support Menu
Amplifier Support
Cartridge Support
Digital Audio Support
Loudspeaker Support
Turntable Support
Helpful Videos
Returning An Item
Storage solutions
Services
Full Services Menu
Returning An Item
Turntable Servicing
Pro-Ject Turntable Spares
Ortofon Cartridge Exchange
Warranty Registration
Contact Us
About
About Henley Audio
Inside Henley Audio
Meet The Team
Press Releases
Trophy Room
Reviews
Friends of Henley
Register Warranty
Sign In
Items:( 0 )£0.00
Henley Audio Terms & Conditions
These terms & conditions apply to any product orders placed through www.henleyaudio.co.uk. In this way, the terms below are a vital element of your prospective purchase and as a result should be read before placing an order. These terms do not affect your statutory rights. For our cookie policy, click here.
It is also advised that you should print a copy of these terms for future reference.
If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use this website and do not order products on the website.
These terms are open to change at any time, so please re-check this information with each future order. You should always read our terms & conditions before placing an order.
Herein, we may refer to the terms & conditions as "terms", and Henley Designs Ltd. (trading as Henley Audio) as "we", "us" or "our".
Henley Designs Ltd.
We, as Henley Designs Ltd. and trading under the name Henley Audio, are owners of or have been given permission to reproduce the content found on this website. Our website structure and accessibility has been developed by Fast Floor Multimedia (www.fastfloor.net). We offer you limited use and access to our website, www.henleyaudio.co.uk.
Henley Designs Ltd. is a registered company (Company Registration: 02721523) who can be contacted in the following ways...
Telephone (9am - 5pm, Monday - Friday): +44 (0)1235 511 166Email: sales@henleydesigns.co.ukWriting: Henley Designs Ltd., Unit B, Park 34, Collett Way, Didcot, Oxfordshire, OX11 7WB
Making a Purchase
There are two ways in which a purchase can be made through this website, and the details and process of each are explained below. When any purchase is made through this website the customer has three fundamental rights...
We respect the Consumer Rights Act 2015 (More) and UK Distance Selling Regulations (More)
Your contract of sale and any financial transaction will be made direct with Henley Designs Ltd.
All information will be kept private, and only pertinent information will be shared with the appointed dealer when a ‘Buy Now, Collect Locally’ purchase is made. All payment information will remain private, regardless of the check-out procedure used.
Regulations
As a UK supplier, we respect our borders and therefore only sell and despatch goods purchased through this website to individuals at legitimate addresses within the UK and Eire.
All orders are confirmed by means of a receipt, sent to your chosen email address, and processed upon confirmation of the apparent legitimacy of the order by Henley Designs Ltd. To keep your information safe, we use a secure payment gateway to protect all purchases.
By completing the checkout procedure, you are agreeing to enter in to a contract to purchase your selected goods from us for the price shown.
Completing a purchase adds users to the Henley Designs mailing list. Please let us know if you do not what to be included on this list.
E&OE
Though every attempt is made to keep the information on this website up-to-date, some errors or content omissions may occur. If in the rare circumstance that a purchase has been made (to our knowledge) for an ill-explained item, or an item has been purchased at an incorrect price, Henley Designs Ltd. will contact you directly to explain your options as soon as possible.
We will not be obliged to supply any products which may have been part of your order until we have transacted the payment at our offices and agreed the sale by arranging despatch of the requested goods. Due to the nature of payment gateways, if any money has been paid by the customer for a sale that we cannot - for whatever reason - complete, any charged funds will be refunded at the nearest possible time.
Product descriptions on this site are also liable to change at short notice. Changes will not affect goods which have already been despatched, but it is recommended that you confirm the product description meets your needs before completing a sale.
All items are sold as new, unless otherwise stated.
How a Sale is Formed & Deliveries
'Buy Now'
Any item purchased through www.henleyaudio.co.uk using the ‘Buy Now’ option involves a contract of sale between the purchaser and Henley Designs Ltd. We will process your order manually within the next working day and aim to despatch your goods quickly afterwards.
All goods listed on our site are sold at the UK suggested retail price. Any deals or offers are offered by Henley Designs Ltd. only. Prices offered include VAT, but do not always include delivery charges.
Our break-down of delivery charges to UK mainland is:All product orders with a total value up to £29.99 (before carriage) value: £2.50 delivery charge*All product orders with a total value between £30.00 and £99.99 (before carriage): £5.00 delivery charge**All product orders with a total value above £100.00 (before carriage): No charge**
For delivery to Jersey and other non-mainland UK addresses, a fixed delivery charge of £20.00 will be applied to all orders. If you would like to discuss other options, please Contact us before proceeding with an order. Unfortunately we do not deliver directly to Republic of Ireland.
In some rare instances, we may need to charge more carriage before an item is shipped. In these instances Henley Designs Ltd. will call you to discuss your options, giving you the right to cancel an order if you wish not to proceed.
* For shipments to Northern Ireland, the Highlands of Scotland, and Isle of Wight, the delivery charge will be £5.00.** For shipments to Northern Ireland, the Highlands of Scotland, and Isle of Wight, the delivery charge will be £10.00.
Once full payment has been received we will despatch the purchased goods by our preferred UK courier, or using Royal Mail. Where applicable we will include relevant contact details so a given courier can contact you directly should a problem arise with delivery.
At the moment, we can only offer delivery to the registered payment card address.[EDIT: From March 2013 we have allowed for delivery to an alternative address]Out of Stock Items:We strive to keep our website up-to-date, but occasionally there may be an issue where an out-of-stock item is shown as ‘In Stock’ on www.henleyaudio.co.uk. In these instances, we will aim to contact you directly with your options.
Items listed as ‘Out of Stock’ can still be purchased through www.henleyaudio.co.uk. We will aim to despatch your goods at their next availability. Special Order Items:
We stock the widest variety of products we can to effectively service the UK and ROI markets, however there are occasionally situations where a customer wants – or we offer for sale – an item that we do not carry in stock. We may not stock an item due to the cost, specialist nature or because of a conflict within the range. When this happens, we make these products available to special order.
A special order item will be placed on order with the relevant manufacturer during our next scheduled Purchase Order. As we forecast orders up to two months ahead of time with some suppliers, this does not mean the item will automatically be included on the next shipment we receive. It also does not mean that the item will immediately be placed on order with the supplier, as we group special orders together for logistical purposes. Therefore, we estimate lead times on most special order items of 8 – 12 weeks.
We work hard to ensure as quick a delivery time as possible, so often you’ll find that you’re not waiting that long; but we provide this estimate because production schedules at busy times of year (or during summer shutdowns) are often hard to disrupt with single pieces.
If you have any questions about placing a special order, please do not hesitate to Contact Us.
Please Note: not all products available internationally from every manufacture are available to special order. Orders for some products may be refused at the discretion of Henley Designs Ltd. Special Order items are marked as such on our website, and on our trade price lists.
'Buy Now, Collect Locally':
You can learn more about the 'Buy Now, Collect Locally' procedure by clicking here. Any item purchased through www.henleyaudio.co.uk using the ‘Buy Now, Collect Locally’ option involves a contract of sale between the purchaser and Henley Designs Ltd. However, the product will be handed to the purchaser by a Henley authorised reseller.
Upon purchasing an item, we will contact you to confirm receipt of your order. Within the next working day, we will then be in touch again either by telephone and/or email to inform you of the approved local retailer and confirm stock availability. After you have received this contact, we will put you in direct contact with the retailer and despatch the goods.
All 'Buy Now, Collect Locally' purchases can only be completed when the selected retailer is shown a copy of the original proof of purchase, provided by Henley Designs Ltd. over email, and a form of photographic ID. Alternatively, if the dealer delivers the item, they may only deliver to the address which the original payment card is registered to.
All goods listed on our site are sold at the UK suggested retail price. Any deals or offers are offered by Henley Designs Ltd. only. Prices offered include VAT, but do not always include delivery charges.
Should there not be an authorised retailer within a reasonable distance of your invoice address, we will offer to deliver your purchase direct to your door on a next-working-day courier service.
Should you wish to cancel your order at any time, you maintain your normal distance-selling rights. You should follow the process detailed below.
Though your contract of purchase remains with Henley Designs Ltd., all returns for any 'Buy Now, Collect Locally' purchase should be arranged through the authorised retailer who handled your sale.
Cancelling an Order
Under your distance purchasing rights, you have the right to reverse a purchase, for whatever reason, up to 7 working days after receiving the goods.
In order to do this, an email must be sent to sales@henleyaudio.co.uk within the 7 day period to explain your intentions. Upon the return of any items (at your cost), which are received in a new and un-used condition, we will offer a full refund for the sale.
Any items which have been irreversibly customised to your requirements (as in the case of speaker cables, with terminations) cannot be returned or refunded in this way. In this case, all transactions are final. The same is true for all ear-phone models which have been opened and used, in the interest of hygiene.
To cancel an order for an item which is currently out of stock, please email sales@henleyaudio.co.uk from your registered email address to make a request. See our refunds policy below...
Damaged Items
Any items that arrive damaged in transit by a courier should be reported to Henley Designs Ltd. immediately, and no later than 48 hours after the goods have been received. If you have any doubts about the condition of a received package, it should be signed for as 'damaged' with the courier.
Defective Items
Though we pride ourselves on product reliability, we recognise that in some rare circumstances goods may arrive in an unsatisfactory condition. In these cases, please contact sales@henleyaudio.co.uk with a full fault description (and images, where appropriate), and we will advise on the subsequent process. If an item is returned and found to have no fault, it will be returned to you and you may be responsible for paying an inspection and return-transportation fee.For more on our warranty policy, including replacement units, please visit our page on Returning An Item.
Refunds Policy
When an item is returned to us for refund, we will examine it and notify you on whether you are entitled to a refund. We will notify you by email or telephone within a reasonable period of time. Any items returned to us in an unreasonable condition without fair explanation will not be entitled to a full refund.
We will only ever refund any money using the same method as the original transaction. The only exception will be when card or personal details have changed since the original purchase was made. It is your responsibility to check and confirm receipt of your refund within a given timescale.
Products returned by you for refund because of a defect from new will be refunded in full, including a refund of any delivery charges. Additional costs incurred for returning an item can also be arranged, upon request.
Liability
We will only be liable for losses, or during any returns process, for the maximum value of the goods originally purchased through our site, and any additional delivery costs incurred. Each case is individual, so we suggest you contact us directly in writing to sales@henleyaudio.co.uk should any grievances arise.
Cookie Policy
The Henley Audio website does use cookies. To see what these are, please see the below report:
Henley designs have cookies for Personalisation Which are;divBrand divCategorydivDepartment
Website reporting these cookies are used to collect information about your use of website including your visit to the website and what pages you looked at_ga_gat_gidCONSENTNIDhenley_wu_xWebsite technology this is a temporary cookie essential to operation of the website and used to allow you to login to our website and store temporary information about customer. ASP.NET_Sessionld
This is a temporary cookie essential for secure operation of the website. It is an anti forgery token to ensure that the poster is the one who gets the form.__RequestVerificationToken
This is a cookie used for email tracking on product related emails.henleydesignsetid
The website also hosts an additional batch of cookies used by YouTube when a video is embedded into a page.1P_JARCONSENTGPSIDENIDOTZPREFVISITOR_INFO1_LIVE_ga
Privacy Policy
To read our Privacy Policy, concerning all matters regarding this website and our email marketing, please visit our Privacy Policy page.
Henley Design Ltd t/a Henley Audio.
Unit B
Park 34
Collett
Didcot
Oxfordshire
OX11 7WB
Tel: +44(0)1235 511 166
Email: info@henleyaudio.co.uk
Homepage
All Products
Latest News
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Newsletter Signup
Subscribe
Ecommerce design & platform by Fast Floor Multimedia Ltd.