http://www.nookindustries.com/footer/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
This policy discloses the privacy practices for Nook Industries, Inc. (“NOOK”) with respect to this website [available at the URLs nookindustries.com and nookind.com (the “SITE”)]. This policy is subject to change. Nook Industries, Inc. is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of web sites to which it may link or be linked from.
What information does Nook Industries gather/track about you?
Visitors to this site are not required to register in order to browse the publicly-available portions of the SITE.
When requesting materials such as: catalogs, quotes, promotional items, entry forms or other information, we require that you provide your first and last names, company, title, industry, mailing address, phone, fax and e-mail address in order to process your request.
Registration: During the Nook registration process we may require that you supply an e-mail address, password, and demographic information (name, company, address, industry, job title, and estimate on purchase time). You must agree to the terms of our End User Agreement.
Cookies: We utilize cookies to recognize you and your access privileges to the SITE as well as to track site usage. Subscribers who do not accept cookies from the domain the SITE cannot access some areas of the SITE.
Surveys: On occasion, we may collect additional personal opinions and information from subscribers in connection with optional surveys. Typically, this information is only gathered for informational purposes.
The information your provide will be added to our customer database. We rely on this database to facilitate our service to you. The information you provide about your name, address and your company are for use only by NOOK and by third parties who provide services to us. It is our policy that your information will never be sold, or otherwise distributed to any another party for any purpose. You may view your personal information at any time, request that it be modified, or request that your name be removed by calling 800-321-7800. We may update this policy from time to time so please review it periodically.
What does Nook Industries do with the information it gathers/tracks?
Statistical Analysis: We may perform statistical analyses on user behavior in order to measure interest in the various areas of the SITE (for product development purposes). Personal information about you as an individual subscriber will not be provided to any third party.
E-Mail: If you opt-in for an email newsletter we will distribute this material to you via the email you supply. If you elect at registration, NOOK may periodically send you email about products and/or services offered by NOOK. Additionally, the Member ID email address you provide at registration may be used to contact you regarding account registration. The e-mail address you supply will not be used for any other purpose without your consent.
E-mail links throughout the SITE allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We will use your e-mail address to respond directly to these questions or comments.