http://www.scstudentloan.org/website-privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Website Privacy Notice
Our guidelines for protecting the information you give us or we obtain when you visit our site.
Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated:  March 22, 2018
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING THIS SITE AND ANY PAGES THEREOF, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW, DO NOT ACCESS THIS SITE, OR ANY PAGES THEREOF.  THIS POLICY MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME, YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE AFTER WE MAKE CHANGES IS DEEMED AN ACCEPTANCE OF THESE CHANGES, SO PLEASE CHECK THE POLICY PERIODICALLY FOR UPDATES.
Your privacy is important to us.  South Carolina Student Loan Corporation (SCSLC) has a strong commitment to providing excellent service, including respecting concerns about privacy.  Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the information you give us or we obtain when you use this website (our “Site).
This policy applies to the information we collect on this Site; in email, text, or other electronic messages between you and this Site.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to any services which do not display or link this Privacy Policy or that have their own privacy policy statement or to information we collect form you in other ways, including through your visits to one of our physical locations.  Additionally, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any external websites which may be linked from the Site.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
As you navigate the Site, SCSLC collects information that identifies you, as well as online data about you.  Our on-line application process collects information such as your name, Social Security Number, e-mail address, or other personal information about you necessary to evaluate your loan application.  We may also collect information about your computer or mobile device to improve and evaluate your use of our website and services.  We may gather data such as your browser type, operating system, loading or exiting of web pages, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer or device.  We might look at what site you came from, what you view within our Website, and/or what site you visit when you leave us.  We may collect your location using CPS, a cellular network location, Wi-Fi networks, browser services, or information you provide.
As detailed above, the information we collect may include “personally identifiable information.” “Personally identifiable information” is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  “Non-personally identifying information” can include technical information or it can be demographic information such as your age, gender, or interests.  Non-personally identifiable information may also mean aggregated, non-identifiable, or anonymized information.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
SCSLC use common tracking technologies, including but not limited to cookies and web beacons,  to recognize new or past customers; to store your password if you are registered on our Website; to maintain the functionality of web applications; to serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising; and to better understand the needs of our customers and Website visitors.
DO NOT TRACK
This web site may use cookies, pixel tags or beacons during a session in which you access our interactive applications. We use the cookie feature to store randomly-generated identifying temporary tags on your computer. This ensures that you are presented with the information you specifically request as you navigate our site. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but some parts of SCSLC’s web site may not work properly if you do. Accepting a cookie from SCSLC’s website does not allow us access to any of your personal information and will not compromise your privacy or security.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
If you provide us with personally identifiable information, we will use it only for the purposes described in this statement, or where it was collected (including in our financial privacy statement).  Primarily, we use it to offer you the products and services you requested; to help us create and offer content which is relevant to you; to allow you to access certain areas of our Site; register you as a user; alert you to special offers; and to contact you in response to an email or other communication.  We may use non-personally identifiable information for the purposes described in this statement or where it is collected or for any other legal purpose, including, when and where applicable, combining non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information.  Additionally, we may periodically prepare analyses and reports reflecting our user use of the Site in preparing these reports, we may combine and analyze personal information you provide to us with information from other sources.  However, these reports will only include aggregate information about users.  The information in these reports will not identify you individually and any business partner with whom such reports may be shared will not be able to contact you based on the information contained in the reports.
All information we collect from you is covered by the SC Student Loan Corporation Privacy Policy or our Financial Privacy Policy, whether or not you were required to provide it.  Unrelated third parties are not permitted to collect personally identifiable information about your online activities when you use our website.
EXTERNAL LINKS
This site provides links to resources that we think you might find useful. These sites operate under different, unique privacy policies.  You must review the various privacy policies at linked sites.  We have no control over the information that you might submit to them.
Additionally, our website may contain links to other sites that may collect your personal information.  For example, we may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements on our behalf.  These companies may use anonymous cookies or other technologies (such as a 1x1 pixel .gif file, also known as a web beacon), to tailor advertisements you see on our website and third party websites, to anonymously track your response to advertisements, report on visitor interaction and to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.  If you prefer that we not share non-personally identifiable information with partners, including third parties that use tracking technologies to deliver targeted display advertising based on such information, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices to access the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out.
SCSLC’s website does not respond to a do-not track setting or other mechanisms that provide the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information of your online activities over time and across third-party or online services.
INFORMATION SHARING
The information that you provide us in connection with a service your request is not shared with anyone else except as necessary to provide the service or as permitted by law.  The information we collect depends on the type of service you request. For example, we may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances:  to fulfill a service you requested; to offer you products from our affiliates, partners, agents or third party marketers which we believe will be of interest to you, to unaffiliated third-parties who help us maintain our products and services; if we believe it is necessary to do so in order to comply with law; or to protect ourselves against fraud.  We may share or disclose your non-personally identifiable information for the purposes disclosed in this statement or for any other legal purpose.  We may disclose and share information about you and your use of the Site if we believe such disclosure is necessary to: comply with the law and/or legal process where a formal request has been made; protect or defend our rights and/or property and property of
Others; or enforce our Website Terms of Use and/or this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN’S ON-LINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT
Our Site is not intended for children under the age of 13.  No one under the age of 13 may provide any information to or on the Site.  We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from our websites about children under age 13.  If we find that we have collected such information we will take all reasonable measures to delete that information from our system as soon as possible.  If a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will remove the information.  We are not responsible for the collection and use of information by companies or individuals unaffiliated with us whose websites may contain links to ours. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
If you find what you believe is an error or inaccuracy in your records, please contact us as soon as possible.  SCSLC will investigate and correct any inaccurate or incomplete information as quickly as possible.DATA SECURITY
We have implemented security precautions to protect your confidential information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.  We only permit authorized employees who are trained in the proper handling of customer information to have access to personally identifiable information.  We conduct internal and external security audits/reviews to ensure strong data security standards are met.  We continue to monitor and employ new technologies to ensure strong security standards. Our employees also receive information security training on a regular basis.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you.  Where you have chosen a password to access our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  WE ask that you not share this password with anyone.  If you believe your password has been compromised, you should immediately notify us to block access to your account until a new password has been established.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted via the Site.  Any transmission of personal information is done at your own risk.  WE are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy security measures contained on the Site.PRIVACY STATEMENT CHANGES
If changes to this privacy statement are needed, all changes will be reflected here. This policy is effective when it is posted on this website and will be reviewed periodically.  By continuing to use the Site following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised notice.  We encourage you to review this policy periodically so you understand how we collect, use and share information though the Site.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comments about this Privacy policy and our privacy practice, contact us at:
SC Student Loan Corporation
PO Box 102402
Columbia, SC  29224
(800) 347-2752
Website Privacy Notice