https://www.bubbletea.com.au/site/privacy-policy.html
Your BasketYour basket is empty.Your AccountLogin / RegisterChange Currency$ AUD (Australian Dollar)
$0.00Your BasketYour basket is empty. Added to Basketbd1f301b4d0293fae1cba8e615ee7a2c $ AUDLogin / RegisterPlease enter a search keywordPlease enter a search keywordShop by Category Shop by CategoryBUSINESS PACKAGESHOME DYI PACKAGESHOME DYI PACKAGESPOPULAR DRINK COMBOSSYRUPS 1 LITREPOWDER MIX 350GTAPIOCA PEARLS AND JELLIESTEA LEAVES 100GHOME SUPPLIESPREMIUM SYRUPSPREMIUM SYRUPSPREMIUM SYRUPS 5 kg/CTNPREMIUM SYRUPS 1 LiterPOWDER MIXESPOWDER MIXESPOWDER MIXES 1kg/CTNPOWDER MIXES 350gCRISPY FRIEDTOPPINGSTOPPINGSTAPIOCA PEARLS & AGAR PEARLSJELLY TOPPINGSPOPPING PEARLSCANNED TOPPINGSMILK FOAMPUDDING MIXMINI MOCHIPREMIUM TEADRINKING CUPSDRINKING CUPSPLASTIC CUPSPLASTIC CUPSPP Sealable 95mm diaPP Sealable 90mm diaPET 98mm Recyclable PAPER CUPSDRINK STRAWSDRINK STRAWSPLASTIC STRAWSPAPER STRAWSPAPER STRAWSBoba Slashed Ends 12mmJumbo 10mmClassic 6mmBar Straws 5mmMIXING UTENSILSSTORE EQUIPMENTSEALING FILMDRINKS COMBO & RECIPESGIFT CARDSBackHomePRIVACY POLICYPRIVACY POLICYWe, REIPAK PTY LTD are the owners of the https://www.bubbletea.com.au website. We are committed to protecting your privacy and security. Any information you as user of the website provide is received, stored and managed by us in line with our Privacy and Security policies detailed below which is in line with Australian regulation. By using our website, you are agreeing to this policy and the use of cookies in line with the terms in this policy. Privacy This Privacy Policy explains how Bubble Tea Store ('We/Us/Our') collect, store and use your personal data when you browse and use www.bubbletea.com.au (the 'Website'), and when you provide us with your personal data. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Website you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any part of this Privacy Policy, you must not use the Website. REIPAK PTY LTD 29 Allied Drive, Tullamarine (Melbourne) Victoria, AUSTRALIA We respect your right to privacy and are committed to maintaining it. We only collect, store and process your personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Act, which came into force on June 01, 2019 You can surf our website without indicating your name or other personal data. Any data collected, is only analysed for statistical reasons, and serves for the improvement of our offers. You as user remain completely anonymous. Personal data is only collected if you enter it for the transaction between you and us or at the creation of a customer account or for the registration to our email newsletter. This data is only used for the settlement of the contract and the execution of your enquiries. After the complete settlement of the contract and the complete payment of the goods, your data is saved considering storage periods in terms of commercial and tax legislation. After expiration of this period the data is deleted. If you respond to a promotion or contest, we ask for your name, address and email address. We use this information to perform the action, to disclose the winner(s), and to measure the response to our marketing campaigns. After the contract settlement, your email address is only used for the advertising purposes in form our newsletter if you had agreed to receive our electronic newsletter. You are able to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time via the link in the newsletter or you can inform us of this by sending an e-mail or calling our Customer Service team on +61390132688. We will immediately delete your email address after receiving such notification. The personal details you provide when registering with us as a client can be viewed and altered at any time by you, in the ‘Login’ section of the website. We only share your information in these circumstances: with agents (including credit reference agencies, credit card clearing agencies transport/logistics companies and our third-party customer services provider), if and when our company is ever sold or purchased by another company, or with outside research agencies for research about our own goods and services. We will never pass your data on to a third party for marketing purposes. If you choose or are provided with a password you must treat such information as confidential and you are responsible for any activities that occur under your account. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of any failure by you to keep your password or other account information confidential.Data transfer internationally Information we collect may be stored and processed in and moved between any of the countries we operate in. We will comply with the General Data Protection Regulations in respect of any such transfers. Please be aware that such countries which are outside of EEA may not have the same level of data protection as the United Kingdom, however our collection, storage and use of your personal data will continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy. Access to your Information Under the General Data Protection Regulations, you can request to access the details we hold on you (including what is being processed, where and for what purpose), to have your data rectified, to have your data moved to another organisation (for free) or to be removed from our database, by emailing sales@bubbletea.com.auWe will provide you with an electronic copy of the data we hold on you via email within as soon as reasonably possible but no longer than 1 month from the date of request.You also have the right to stop the collection of this information on you and delete any information we hold on you. If you have any further questions concerning the collection, execution or usage of your personal data, do not hesitate to contact us. The same applies for correction desires concerning your personal data and for revocation of agreed consents. Complaints If you feel your personal information has not been collected lawfully or has not been processed within the General Data Protection Regulations, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office by visiting: www.asic.com.auSecurity At Bubble Tea Store, we take your online security very seriously. Full details of how we protect the information you provide us are given below. Our website uses the latest technologies to provide a safe, secure site for electronic commerce transactions, including secure socket layer (SSL) technology for payment transactions. SSL is a method for establishing a link between one computer and another safe one. Banks also use these links for online banking. You will recognise an SSL link by the little padlock which appears on the lower right in the menu bar of your browser and at the address bar which begins with "https" instead of "http". In this case the "S" stands for "secure".E-mail correspondence is not a secure means of communication as it is a free format text and cannot be encrypted. Although we use advanced security measures to protect your information against loss, misuse and alterations, because of the nature of the internet we cannot guarantee the security of your information provided to us over the internet and cannot be held responsible for this.  Cookies What are cookies?‘Cookies’ are small text files that are stored on your computer. Our online shops use cookies to improve and to secure our internet presence - for example to increase the navigation on our platform. Furthermore, cookies help us to analyse the frequency of our webpage views and the general navigation. Please note that some of these cookies are transmitted from our server to your system. In most cases these cookies are so called "Session -Cookies". Session cookies are deleted automatically from your hard-disk after your visit of our shops. Other cookies remain on your computer and allow us to recognize your computer during your next visit (so-called ‘persistent’ cookies). These cookies allow us to welcome you with your username and spare you retyping of your password and filling out forms with your data for subsequent orders. Are cookies safe? Yes. The information stored in cookies is safe and anonymous. They do not contain any information which could personally identify you and your account security is never compromised. You can find more information about cookies at https://www.allaboutcookies.org and https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.Cookies used on our website Below, you can see the full list of cookies we use: This website uses cookies. We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. Your consent applies to the following domains: www.bubbletea.com.au Top