https://www.masonite.com/cookies-policy/
About Us
Investor Relations
News & Events
Press Releases
Career Page
Inside Our Culture
2020 Framework
View Positions
Contact Us
Help Line
Media Inquiries
Ethics & Compliance
California Consumer Privacy Policy
ZIP CODE:
Submit
Zip Saved!
Residential
Architectural
Search for:
COOKIE NOTICE
Last Updated: August 6, 2020
Unless otherwise expressly stated, capitalized terms in this Cookie Notice (the “Cookie Notice”) have the same meaning as defined in the Privacy Policy.
Click on any link below to skip to that section:
Scope of Cookie Notice
Cookies and Related Technologies
Information Collected Using Cookies
Use of Information Collected Through Cookies
Your Choices About Cookies
Cookies used by Our Services
Updates
Contact Us
Scope of Cookie Notice
This Cookie Notice supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy by outlining how Masonite Corporation (“Masonite”) and its business partners and service providers use cookies and related technologies in the course of managing and providing our online Services and our communications to you. It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
In some cases, we may use Cookies (as defined below) and related technologies described in this Cookie Notice to collect Personal Information (as defined in our Privacy Policy), or to collect information that becomes Personal Information if we combine it with other information. For more details about how we process your Personal Information, please review the Privacy Policy,
Cookies and Related Technologies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used to make websites work or to work more efficiently
Cookies also allow us and our third-party partners and providers to collect certain information about your interactions with our e-mail communications, websites and other online Services. We and our third-party partners and providers may also use other, related technologies to collect this information, such as web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies and logging technologies. In this document, we refer to these various technologies collectively as "Cookies."
Our Services use different types of Cookies, including both session cookies, which expire once you close your web browser, and persistent Cookies, which stay on your device for a set period or, until you delete them. Our Cookies fall into the following general categories:
Cookie Type
Purpose
Necessary
Necessary Cookies are essential to enable our Services to provide some feature you have requested.
Preferences/Functionality
These Cookies remember choices you make such as location or search parameters. Our Services use these Cookies to provide you with a more relevant and tailored experience.
Performance/Analytics
These Cookies collect information on our users interact with our Services and enable us to improve our Services. For example, like many websites, we use Google Analytics Cookies to help us understand how visitors arrive at and browse our websites to identify areas for improvement such as navigation, user experience, and marketing campaigns.
Targeting/ Advertising
These Cookies collect information about your browsing habits to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. They remember the websites you have visited, and that information is shared with other parties such as advertising technology service providers and advertisers.
Social Media
These Cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on the Services, link your account or otherwise engage with our content through a social media channel, such as Facebook or Pinterest. Please note the social network will record your actions and this information may be linked to targeting/advertising activities by the social media provider
Information Collected Using Cookies
We and our third-party partners and providers may use Cookies to automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit or interact with our e-mail communications, websites and other online Services. For example, we may collect log data about your device and its software, such as your IP address, operating system, browser type, date/time of your visit, and other similar information. We may collect analytics data or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics to help us measure usage and activity trends for our online services and better understand our customer base.
Third-party partners and providers may also collect Personal Information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our websites and online Services.
Use of Information Collected Through Cookies
We use or may use the data collected through Cookies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit our websites and online services; (b) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our websites and online services; (c) monitor online usage and activities of our websites and online services; (d) diagnose errors and problems with our websites and online services; (e) otherwise plan for and enhance our online Services; and (f) facilitate the purposes identified in the “How Do We Use the Information We Collect?” section of our Privacy Policy. We and our advertising partners also use the information we collect through Cookies to understand your browsing activities, including across unaffiliated third-party sites, so that we can deliver ads and information about products and services that may be of interest to you.
Please note that we link some of the Personal Information we collect through Cookies with the other Personal Information that we collect about you and for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy.
Your Choices About Cookies
If you would prefer not to accept Cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a Cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing Cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject Cookies. Many web browsers allow you to manage your preferences. You can set your browser to refuse cookies or delete certain cookies. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using our online Services, as some features and services on our online Services may not work properly. Depending on your device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all Cookies. In addition, if you want to reject Cookies across all your browsers and devices, you will need to do so on each browser on each device you actively use. You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it.
Below you will find more information about the different categories of Cookies currently used and their privacy policies and options.
Cookies Used by Our Services
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These Cookies are necessary for the Services to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you that amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
Originator
Cookie
identity.masonite.com, cts.businesswire.com, and nr-data.net
JSESSIONID
residential.masonite.com
PHPSESSID
residential.masonite.com
GCLB
Performance Cookies
These Cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Services. They help us to know which pages or features are the most or least popular and how visitors navigate around the Services. The information collected by these Cookies is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you choose not allow these Cookies we will not know when you have visited our Services and will not be able to monitor their performance.
We may use services such as Google Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our websites or services on your browser or mobile device, log in to your account on the Services, or otherwise interact with us. We may share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed e-mail address, with Google to facilitate its service. Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact with the Services and to tailor our advertisements and content to our users.
We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, that may enable us to use first-party Cookies and third-party Cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to our Services.
The following is a sample of the third-party service partners we may work with from to time to provide advertising services. We will strive to update this list if or when we work with new partners which offer you choices about the collection of your information, but as partners change and new technologies become available, this list is likely to change over time and may not always reflect our current partners.
Cookies
Description
Opt-out link / more information regarding specific Privacy Policy
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to understand how our media campaigns work and how you interact with our Services in order to improve the user experience.
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
HotJar
Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to improve our Services with user feedback.
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy/do-not-track/
CloudFlare
Cloudflare uses certain cookies to maximize network resources, manage traffic, and protect its customers’ sites from malicious traffic.
https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170156-Understanding-the-Cloudflare-Cookies
ViziRecruiter
Vizi empowers companies to visually market their unique story to attract talent
https://vizirecruiter.com/privacy-policy/
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable the Services to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies
Description
Opt-out link / more information regarding specific Privacy Policy
ClickDimensions
We use ClickDimensions website analytics services for insight into how visitors use our Services to help us improve them
https://support.clickdimensions.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001156993-ClickDimensions-Cookies-for-Web-Analytics
Browser-Update.org
This service encourages web users to update browsers to new versions.
https://browser-update.org/
HighCharts.com
Provides a data visualization/charting service
https://wp-assets.highcharts.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/19123341/Cookie-Policy.pdf
Targeting Cookies
These Cookies may be set through our Services by our third-party advertising partners, who may use them to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other websites. Typically, though not always, the information used for interest-based advertising is collected through Cookies that recognize the device you are using and collect information, including click stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site, advertising ID, precise geolocation and other information.
We may share a common account identifier (such as a hashed e-mail address or user ID) with our third-party ad partners to help identify you across devices. We and our third-party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research. We may also use services provided by third parties (such as social media platforms) to serve targeted ads to you and others on such platforms. We may do this by providing a hashed version of your e-mail address or other information to the platform provider. See "Your Choices About Online Ads" below, to learn more about interest-based advertising.
Cookies
Description
Opt-out link / more information regarding specific Privacy Policy
Google Tracking Cookies
Google tracking cookies enable us to understand if you complete certain actions on our website(s) after you have seen or clicked through one of our advertisements served via Google. Based on the content you have engaged with on our Services, Google is able to deliver some targeted ads across other Google partner websites.
DoubleClick
DoubleClick cookies are used by Google AdSense to improve advertising. Some common applications are to target advertising based on what’s relevant to a user, to improve reporting on campaign performance, and to avoid showing ads the user has already seen. DoubleClick cookies contain no personally identifiable information.
https://policies.google.com/technologies/types?hl=en-US
Atlas
Atlas tags allow us to measure the performance of our advertising across devices, browsers and publishers.
https://atlassolutions.com/privacy-policy
Q4.com
These cookies are used to attribute commission to affiliates when you arrive at the website from an affiliate referral link. It is set when you click on one of our links and used to let the advertiser and us know the website from which you came.
Social Media Cookies
These Cookies are set by various social media channels that we have added to the Service to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. These social media companies may recognize you and collect information about your visit to the Services, and they may set a Cookie or employ other tracking technologies to track your browser across other sites and build up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of those companies. If you do not allow these Cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
We may display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms that have interest-based advertising programs that allow us to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in the Services while those users are on the social media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics. We may share a unique identifier, such as a user ID or hashed e-mail address, with these platform providers or they may collect information from our website visitors through a first-party pixel, in order to direct targeted advertising to you or to a custom audience on the social media platform.
These advertisements are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. If you do not want to receive targeted ads on your social networks, you may be able to adjust your advertising preferences through your settings on those networks. You may learn more about advertising preferences by clicking on the links provided below. Please note that these links are provided for your convenience only and we do not control the content or features that may be available on these third-party services.
The following is a sample of the social media services whose widgets are currently or may be enabled on the Services. We will strive to keep this list current to offer you choices about the collection of your information, but as social media platforms change and new technologies become available, this list is likely to change over time and may not always reflect the current social media providers.
Cookies
Description
Opt-out link / more information regarding specific Privacy Policy
Addthis
AddThis social web widgets are used to enable visitors to create and share links to the content across social networks; collected data can be used by advertisers to create profiles for targeted advertising
http://www.addthis.com/advertising-choices
Facebook
Facebook helps you stay in touch with your network through their website / mobile application. We make it easier for you to share any content of interest on Facebook and sometimes, we may present with some targeted ads on Facebook based on your engagement with our Services.
https://www.facebook.com/help/109378269482053
YouTube
We may embed videos or insert links to videos from YouTube on our Services. As a result, when you visit a page with content embedded from or linked to YouTube, you may be presented with Cookies from YouTube.
https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/9487666?hl=en
Pinterest
Pinterest uses cookies to track the usage of services
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/cookies
How You Consent
Masonite utilizes implied consent with a consent dialog notification. It’s important to note that continued usage of the Services without answering the consent notification is the same as providing consent.
Updates
We will update this Cookie Notice from time to time. When we make changes to this Cookie Notice, we will change the "Last Updated" date at the beginning of this Cookie Notice. If we make material changes to this Cookie Notice, we will notify you by e-mail to your registered e-mail address, by prominent posting on this website or our online Services, or through other appropriate communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notification.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Cookie Notice or other privacy-related matters, please send an e-mail to privacy@Masonite.com .
Alternatively, you may direct privacy-related inquiries to:
Masonite Corporation
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
1242 East 5th Avenue
Tampa, Florida 33605
Your current browser is not supported by this site.
×
Privacy MessageThis site uses first and third-party cookies to save information on your computer. Some of these cookies are essential for using our site, others help us improve your user experience, and some may be used for advertising purposes (targeting/advertising cookies). By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Click here to learn more about our cookie policy.Accept
large-barn
barn
large-entry
entry
large-interior
interior
large-bifold
bifold
export
contact
signout
large-export
large-contact
large-signout
logo
activity
airplay
alert-circle
alert-octagon
alert-triangle
align-center
align-justify
align-left
align-right
anchor
aperture
archive
arrow-down
arrow-down-circle
arrow-down-left
arrow-down-right
arrow-left
arrow-left-circle
arrow-right
arrow-right-circle
arrow-up
arrow-up-circle
arrow-up-left
arrow-up-right
at-sign
award
bar-chart
bar-chart-2
battery
battery-charging
bell
bell-off
bluetooth
bold
book
book-open
bookmark
box
briefcase
calendar
camera
camera-off
cast
check
check-circle
check-square
chevron-down
chevron-left
chevron-right
chevron-up
chevrons-down
chevrons-left
chevrons-right
chevrons-up
chrome
circle
clipboard
clock
cloud
cloud-drizzle
cloud-lightning
cloud-off
cloud-rain
cloud-snow
code
codepen
command
compass
copy
corner-down-left
corner-down-right
corner-left-down
corner-left-up
corner-right-down
corner-right-up
corner-up-left
corner-up-right
cpu
credit-card
crop
crosshair
database
delete
disc
dollar-sign
download
download-cloud
droplet
edit
edit-2
edit-3
external-link
eye
eye-off
facebook
fast-forward
feather
file
file-minus
file-plus
file-text
film
filter
flag
folder
folder-minus
folder-plus
gift
git-branch
git-commit
git-merge
git-pull-request
github
gitlab
globe
grid
hard-drive
hash
headphones
heart
help-circle
home
image
inbox
info
instagram
italic
layers
layout
life-buoy
link
link-2
linkedin
list
loader
lock
log-in
log-out
mail
map
map-pin
maximize
maximize-2
menu
message-circle
message-square
mic
mic-off
minimize
minimize-2
minus
minus-circle
minus-square
monitor
moon
more-horizontal
more-vertical
move
music
navigation
navigation-2
octagon
package
paperclip
pause
pause-circle
percent
phone
phone-call
phone-forwarded
phone-incoming
phone-missed
phone-off
phone-outgoing
pie-chart
play
play-circle
plus
plus-circle
plus-square
pocket
power
printer
radio
refresh-ccw
refresh-cw
repeat
rewind
rotate-ccw
rotate-cw
rss
save
scissors
search
send
server
settings
share
share-2
shield
shield-off
shopping-bag
shopping-cart
shuffle
sidebar
skip-back
skip-forward
slack
slash
sliders
smartphone
speaker
square
star
stop-circle
sun
sunrise
sunset
tablet
tag
target
terminal
thermometer
thumbs-down
thumbs-up
toggle-left
toggle-right
trash
trash-2
trending-down
trending-up
triangle
truck
tv
twitter
type
umbrella
underline
unlock
upload
upload-cloud
user
user-check
user-minus
user-plus
user-x
users
video
video-off
voicemail
volume
volume-1
volume-2
volume-x
watch
wifi
wifi-off
wind
x
x-circle
x-square
youtube
zap
zap-off
zoom-in
zoom-out