http://www.mgiworld.com/legal/
close
back to mgiworld.com
back to cpaai.mgiworld.com
Login
Username
Password
Reset your password?
Remember me on this computer
Login to MGI Member Area
back to mgiworld.com back to cpaai.mgiworld.com
Legal
Home
Legal
Search
Legal
Legal
Disclaimer
MGI Worldwide is a leading international network of separate and independent accounting, legal and consulting firms that are licensed to use “MGI” or “member of MGI Worldwide” in connection with the provision of professional services to their clients. MGI Worldwide is the brand name referring to a group of members of MGI-CPAAI, a company limited by guarantee and registered in the Isle of Man with registration number 013238V, who choose to associate as a network as defined in IFAC (IESBA) and EU rules. MGI Worldwide itself is a non-practising entity and does not provide professional services to clients. Services are provided by the member firms of MGI Worldwide. MGI Worldwide and its member firms are not agents of, and do not obligate, one another and are not liable for one another’s acts or omissions.
Privacy Notice
Who and where we are
MGI Worldwide with CPAAI is registered at Ibex House, Baker Street, Weybridge, United Kingdom, KT13 8AH T: + 44 1932 853393 W: mgiworld.com cpaai.mgiworld.com
Questions regarding your personal data held by MGI Worldwide with CPAAI and how to view it, amend it or have it removed from our database should be addressed to Maxine Brock maxine.brock@mgiworld.com
The person responsible for General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) policy in MGI Worldwide with CPAAI is the CEO, Clive Viegas Bennett: clive.bennett@mgiworld.com
Whose personal data do we hold and process
Employees and owners of firms which are members of MGI Worldwide with CPAAI.
What personal data do we collect and process, how is it obtained and where is it held?
Name and professional contact details (email address) and, if you choose to supply this information, direct phone line and/or mobile/cell number and profile photo.
Where you choose to do so, we also list your areas of professional specialisation.
We obtain your data from you or from colleagues in your firm or, in some cases, from public information shown on your firm’s website. Whatever the source, each individual on our database has a unique login to amend or delete their data (see below).
Data is kept in a database linked to our website. This database is accessible only by MGI Worldwide with CPAAI system administrators.
How do we use and process the personal information indicated above?
There are two purposes for the data:
To complete the public online and printed membership directory, where those employees and owners of member firms who choose their information to be public are listed under their firm and location. The purpose of the directory is to enable colleagues in fellow members and potential clients to be able to contact you about business matters.  Such exchange of contacts is at the heart of what a network like MGI Worldwide with CPAAI is all about. You may choose at any time for your information not to be public and so not listed in the public directory.
To enable the staff of MGI Worldwide with CPAAI and its regional organisation to communicate with members about MGI events, projects and news and also about administrative matters and compliance with membership requirements such as quality assurance. Individuals in the database may also use our website and the database to send mailshots to colleagues in member firms about firm, market or business news and events. These mailshots are moderated by staff at MGI Worldwide with CPAAI. The communications referred to in this paragraph will go to both public and non-public individuals in the database.
The lawful basis for the processing of personal data
The personal data referred to in this notice are collected and processed under the Legitimate Interests basis of the GDPR. We have carried out an assessment of our legitimate interests in the data to ensure that we meet the legal requirements.
The Legitimate Interests of MGI Worldwide with CPAAI are to enable people in member firms and potential clients of those firms to identify the appropriate person to contact to further the business interests of those firms and clients. This is essential to achieve the key objectives of MGI Worldwide with CPAAI – to foster the exchange of business among member firms and to stimulate new business in member firms.
We can supply you with a copy of our Legitimate Interests Assessment on request.
Viewing, amending and removing your individual data
Each person whose data is kept in our database has a unique login to the Members’ Area of our website www.mgiworld.com. On entering the Members Area, click on EDIT YOUR PROFILE. You will then see the data that is held by us. You can amend or delete any of this data. You can also request us or your office admin to remove your entry altogether.  If you have mislaid your login details please contact Emma Rowley emma.rowley@mgiworld.com.
The only required information for anyone registered in our database is name and email address.
You may choose for your data to be public (namely visible in the online and printed directory) or not public. If your data is not public you will still receive communications from MGI Worldwide with CPAAI, our regional organisations or fellow members from time to time.
Do we share your data outside MGI Worldwide with CPAAI or use it for any other purposes?
No. We do not share our database of personal information with any parties outside MGI Worldwide with CPAAI, nor do we share the whole database or blocks of it with individual member firms. However, if your data is “public” (you can always choose for your data to be “not public”), then the details contained in our database are publically viewable and as such can potentially be “farmed” from the directory by third parties.
We only use your data for the purposes described in this notice.
Use of Cookies
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a "cookie" which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.
If you have questions/comments about privacy, you should email us at info@mgiworld.com