https://www.turningmanagersintoleaders.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Turning Managers Into Leaders
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.