http://www.amplicon.co.uk/about/privacy-policy/
Follow Amplicon on Twitter
Amplicon on LinkedIn
Amplicon on Instagram
Amplicon on YouTube
Call us 44 (0)1273 570220 Email us sales@amplicon.com Support support@amplicon.com
Sign in
Cart
Industrial computing
Data communications
Measurement & control
Engineering services
Search Amplicon
Search
Search
Divisons
Industrial computing
Data communications
Test & control
Engineering services
Products & Services
Industrial Computing
Industrial Computers
Rackmount Computers
Tower computers
Desktop computers
Embedded Computers
Specialist Computers
Railway computers
Marine Computers
In-Vehicle Computers
Storage Servers
Industrial Panel PC's / HMI
Industrial Monitors
Rackmount LCD console drawers
KVM switches and extenders
Data Communications
Industrial Ethernet
Industrial Ethernet Switches
Industrial Ethernet Media Converters
Industrial Ethernet Extenders
Industrial Secure Routers / Firewalls
Networking Accessories
Serial to Ethernet
Serial to Ethernet converters / Device servers
Fieldbus converters
Embedded device servers
Serial - RS232, RS422 & RS485
PCI & PCI Express serial cards
RS232 to RS422/485 converters
USB to Serial converters
Serial to Fibre optic converters
Serial isolators & repeaters
Industrial Wireless / Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi Access Points
Serial to Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi controllers
Cellular Networking - GSM/GPRS, 3G & 4G
Cellular routers
USB Converters & Hubs
Industrial USB Converters
Industrial USB hubs
GPIB Interfaces
CAN & LIN interfaces
Measurement and Control
Test and Measurement
Digital Oscilloscopes
Signal generators
Digital Multimeters
Precision Source/Measure Units
DC Power Supplies
AC Power Source/Analysers
Spectrum Analyser
Frequency Counters
LCR Meters
GPIB Interfaces
PXI Test Equipment
PXI Chassis
PXI Controllers
PXI Data Acquisition
PXI Switch modules
PC Based Data Acquisition
Analogue input/ Multifunction
Analogue output
Digital I/O
Motion control
Automation and Control
Programmable Automation Controllers
Remote I/O expansion units
Remote I/O Plug-in Modules
Remote I/O units
Human Machine Interfaces / HMI
Display Instrumentation
Data loggers
Signal conditioning
Engineering Services
Design, manufacture & assembly
Custom cabinets and enclosures
Network Design & Installation
Automated Test Systems
Control Panel Design & Assembly
PC systems design & Manufacture
Why Amplicon Engineering Services?
Engineering Team
Industries
Automated Test Systems
Process Control
Railway
Road
Marine
Security Automation
Education
Building Automation
All industries
Projects
Browse by market
Test engineering / ATE
Process control
Power/Energy
Mining
Environmental
Defence
Security
Railway
Road / Highway
Marine
Aerospace
Automotive
Scientific Research
Broadcast
All projects
Browse by Division
Engineering Services
Industrial Computing
Data Communications
Measurement & Control
Support
About Us
About Amplicon
News & Events
International Distributors
Quality Assurance
Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Contact
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
In this section you will find full details on this website's Privacy Policy, Cookies and marketing materials.
GDPR
Amplicon is fully aware of the requirements of GDPR and has ICO as its supervisory authority.
Information we collect
Non-personally identifiable clickstream information is collected for every visitor to this website. This includes pages viewed, date, time, browser type as well as other similar informationInformation that you provide to us for the purpose of:
Subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters
Receiving information about our products or services
Any other information that you choose to send us
Why we collect information and how we use it
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service. We will only process information that is necessary for the purpose for which it has been collected.
The non-personally identifiable information we collect through the website is used by the Amplicon marketing personnel for the express purpose of determining how traffic moves through the site and how visitors reach us. We use this data as a total, not individually, this helps us to understand the type of content visitors are interested in.
We use non-personally identifiable information about our web users to improve the website usability, to statistically analyse website usage, to improve our web content and product offerings and to customise our website's services. This information allows us to improve our site and offer a better web experience based on our customer's needs.
If you have given consent for us to keep you updated with our latest news and relevant information you will receive product newsletters or other communications you have requested via phone, email or post. You can opt-out to receive emails by clicking on the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the emails. You can update your marketing preferences by clicking on the Marketing preferences link at the bottom of our emails, calling us on 01273 570 220 or by sending us an email to marketing@amplicon.com
We collect click through data from the marketing emails you choose to receive (including account, email, number of clicks and similar information to understand your interests, offer you relevant information and provide you with a better service.
We will not contact you via telephone if you have engaged in promotional marketing emails, unless we have permission to do so.
Disclosure of your information
Under no circumstances we will share, sell or rent identifiable personal data or web user information to any third party other than in accordance with GDPR law:
Where we are legally required to disclose your personal information
To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud
Where you have requested a service that requires third party support and you have given us permission to disclose your details.
How we collect this information
We use a web analytics tool to analyse site usage, how our users arrive at our site, what pages they visit on the site, what browser they are using and on what operating system. This analytics data, collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our website, is not tied to personally identifiable information.
We use a small number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
To make full use of the online shopping and personalised features of this website, your computer, tablet or mobile phone will need to accept cookies. If you would prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from this website, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this.
This website offers clear information on the way it works. This information is easily accessible and available in a prominent position on each webpage. By continuing to use the Amplicon web site we assume you are happy to accept cookies from Amplicon. If you are not happy, then you should either leave the site, or you should delete Amplicon cookies having visited the site.
The section below describes the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for.
We use our own tracking code to understand the interests of our customers and how they interact with the marketing emails they have given us consent to send them.
Your rights
You have the right to be informed when your data is collected and the purpose for which it is intended.
You can ask to see the information we have about you. You can also ask us to change it, correct it, delete it, restrict how we use it, or object to the way we use it by please call us on 01273 570 220
Data retention
In compliance with GDPR 2018 we only hold information for as long as deemed necessary for us.
Cookies we use
Session = Functionality cookies
We use session cookies to remember your log-in details, your preferences (e.g. currency choices) and what you've added into the shopping basket. If these are disabled then some of the website functionality will be lost.
For more information on session cookies and what they are used for please click here
Strictly necessary cookies set by Amplicon websites
NAME
TYPE
JSESSIONID
Session
Persistent = Google Analytics cookies & Live chat cookies
Google Analytics - This website uses a web traffic analytical tool to understand web traffic. Google Analytics cookies collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies please click here
If you wish to opt-out please click here
Google Adwords tracking code - We use this to analyse the performance of our Google Adwords account. This is not tied to personally identifiable information.
For more information on Google Adwords cookies please click here
Bing Ads tracking code - We use this to analyse the performance of our Bing Ads account. This is not tied to personally identifiable information.
For more information on Bing Ads cookies please click here
If you wish to opt-out please click here
Amplicon live chat service LIVE online support available Mon - Thurs 08:30 to 17:00 & Fri 08:30 to 15:45 GMT.
Start chat