http://www.codepack.co.uk/privacy-notice-z-2.html?chapter=0&zenid=cvagl28qralsg1djqk4fbalm46
Home
Barcode Solutions
Barcode Information
About Codepack
Contact Us
Search
Advanced Search
Information
1.ePos Systems
2.Warehouse Solutions
3.Specialist Barcoding
4.Manufacturing Solutions
Categories
Barcode Label Printers->
Barcode Verifiers->
Barcode Scanners & Readers->
Receipt Printers->
PDAs & Mobile Computers->
EPoS/POS->
Wireless Infrastructure->
Accessories->
Labels->
Ribbons->
Thermal Printheads->
Software->
Other Consumables->
Home »
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Your Details & Registering
Your Security and Privacy is our priority at all times. In order to process your order, we will require that you register with us and provide your Company name, contact name, delivery address, e-mail address, and credit or debit card details. Without this information we will be unable to process your request or notify you of acceptance of your order.
Your Company and contact details will be stored in our secure database and will only be used to enhance our services to you when you re-visit our site, providing both faster order processing facilities and account history details one you log in using the secure password provided. You will not need to re-enter your details each time you order unless they change. We neither retain or have visibility of any card details provided as online credit and debit card payment processing is handled entirely by the Protx Secure Online Payment Gateway system.
A telephone number may also be requested so that we may contact you in the unlikely event that there is a question or issue regarding your order. We may, unless you advise us otherwise, pass this information to our couriers solely for the purpose of contacting you to arrange the processing or delivery of your order.
Your contact number or address will never be provided to any third party for marketing purposes.
Keeping in Touch with You
As part of our efforts to ensure that you are aware of the latest site developments and offers, we may use your contact information internally to advise you from time to time by email of new products, special offers or changes to our site. If you would rather not receive this information, or have previously registered to receive information about what's up and coming at CodePack Solutions Ltd and would like to cancel this service, please reply to the e-mail message with your details (full name, e-mail address and preferably your postal code) with the subject "unsubscribe me". Your details will immediately be removed from our mailing list. Alternatively please write to us at CodePack Solutions Ltd, Unit 8A Woodhorn Business Centre, Woodhorn Lane, Oving, Chichester PO20 2BX.
Cookies
In common with virtually all eCommerce websites, as part of ensuring that we always maintain the highest security standards this website makes use of ‘cookies’. A cookie is a small ‘ticket’ containing data relating to our site which is stored by your web browser application on your computer’s hard drive. These cookies do not store personal information relating to either you or your credit card, but do ensure that you are recognised when you return to our site. You may find that you are unable to add items to your shopping cart, or place your order if cookies are set to ‘disabled’ in your computer’s browser settings. We always use secure server software in order to ensure maximum protection of any information transmitted whenever you access your account information or place an order with us.
Internal Confidentiality
Your privacy and account details are strictly protected at all times within CodePack Solutions Ltd. Access to Customer records is strictly limited to those who require this information to fulfil your order requests and maintain your account. Our personnel require full login and password rights in order to access to our sales control system.
Credit Card Security
Online credit card payment processing is handled entirely by the Protx Secure Online Payment Gateway which maintains the highest standards of security. Please view the Protx website at https://www.protx.com for further details . CodePack Solutions neither retain or have visibility of any credit or debit card details unless verbally provided by telephone whilst placing an order with us.
Your Rights
If for any reason you are unsure about the current personal and account information we are holding in your name, please contact our customer service team. We will happily review your file and update your records for you if required. You can contact our customer service team during office hours by email, phone or fax
We provide Rugged or Ruggedized PDAs, Barcode Scanners, Barcode Readers, Barcode Verifiers, Barcode Label Printers, Heron Barcode Scanners, Zebra Label Printers, Portable Label Printers, Plastic Card Printers, Custom Labels, Self Adhesive Labels, Barcode Hardware, Software and Accessories and EPOS equipment.  Brands include Motorola (MC55 and MC75) Dalogic, Intermec, Honeywell, Axicon, Opticon, REA and Citizen
Account Login
Shopping Basket
Your basket is empty.
Manufacturers
Please Select
4K
APG
Axicon
Citizen
CodePack
Datalogic
Datamax
ELO Touchsystem..
Epson
Ergonomic Solut..
European Cash D..
GTS Honeywell B..
Honeywell
HHP
IBM
Image
Intermec
LVS
LXE
Motorola Symbol
O'Neill
Opticon
REA
Sato
Seagull Scienti..
Socket Communic..
SystemsLink
Toshiba (TEC)
Zebra
100% Safe Shopping
Home |
Log In
Copyright © 2020 CodePack Solutions UK.
Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
Site Map