https://www.equitableonline.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy :: Equitable Bank
Home | Contact Us
Personal Banking
Personal Checking
Savings Services
Home and Equity Loans
Auto and Personal Loans
Electronic Banking
Additional Services
Business Banking
Business Checking
Business Loans
Ag Lending
Business Team Members
Electronic Business Services
Wealth Management
About Us
Bank and ATM Locations
COVID-19 Response and Resources
Privacy
History
Charitable Foundation
Financial Education
Investor Relations
Sign Up
Login >
First time user?
Enroll Now >
Quick LinksFinancial Calculators
Reorder Checks
Privacy
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
Equitable Bank values every customer relationship. Customers have entrusted this Bank not only with their finances, but also with their personal information. Recognizing customer expectations for responsible use of information and protection of the right to privacy concerning that information, this Policy, therefore, is enacted to maintain confidentiality and to establish and maintain standards to ensure continuation of the privacy of each and every customer.
I. Collection, use and retention of customer information.
A. In an effort to provide the best possible service for its customers, as well as to provide them with the ability to manage their finances most effectively, this Bank gathers information from a variety of sources. Examples of ways information is collected include, but are not limited to:
1. Information received from customers on applications or other forms;
2. Information about customer transactions with us or with others; and
3. Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency (credit bureau).
B. Information collected from customers in turn provides significant benefits to the customers. Information about customers enables us to:
1. Better understand the financial needs of the customer;
2. Develop and improve products to enhance customer service;
3. Comply with laws and regulations; and
4. Protect customers against fraud.
C. Accuracy of Information.
This Bank has established procedures to ensure that customer information is accurate, current and complete, in keeping with reasonable standards. However, it is the responsibility of each customer to inform us of any change in information, or of any inaccuracy, in a timely matter. Any discrepancies will be investigated and action taken in a timely manner.
D. Termination of Customer Relationship.
When a customer relationship with this Bank ends, or when a customer relationship becomes inactive, information about that customer will be treated as if the relationship was still active.
II. Access to information.
A. Access to personal information about customers is limited to those members of the staff with a business reason to know such information.
B. All members of the staff will be educated on the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of customer information and on this Policy.
III. Security.
This Bank will maintain a security program to protect customer information. Included in this security program will be physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with federal regulations.
IV. Information Disclosed to Outsiders.
A. This Bank will not reveal specific information about its customers, or other information that will personally identify a customer, to those outside the Bank for their independent use unless:
1. The information is necessary to effect, administer or enforce a transaction requested by the customer;
2. The customer requests or authorizes that the information be revealed; or
3. Disclosure of the information is required or permitted by law.
B. Account numbers will not be revealed to anyone outside the Bank for marketing purposes.
C. Should customer medical information be revealed to this Bank, it will be used for only the purpose for which it was provided and will not be disclosed unless such disclosure is authorized by the customer.
V. Business Relationships With Third Parties.
If we do provide customer information to a third party in order that they may perform services on our behalf, these companies will be subject to confidentiality provisions and restrictions that prohibit using the information beyond the performance of the specified service on our behalf.
VI. Electronic Privacy.
A. Visitors to this Bank’s Web site will remain anonymous. We do not collect identifying information about visitors to our site or those who use other electronic products. We may use standard software to collect non-identifying information about visitors to create summary statistics and to determine the level of interest in information available on our site. Examples of information we may gather include:
1. Date and time our site was accessed, or our electronic product was used;
2. IP address (a numeric address given to servers connected to the Internet);
3. Web browser used; and
4. City, state and country of visitors or users.
B. Visitors to our Web site may elect to provide us with personal information via e-mail, or our online application forms. This information is used internally, as appropriate, to handle the sender’s request and is handled as described elsewhere in this policy.
VII. Disclosing Privacy Commitment.
Customers will be informed of the privacy principles of this Bank and will be encouraged to seek reassurance from any staff member on the collection, use, security, etc. of that information.
Our CommunitiesBanking EducationHelpful LinksCopyright ©
Equitable Bank
Grand IslandFinancial EducationFind Bank Routing Numbers
North PlatteStay Safe OnlineFinancial Calculators
OmahaIdentity TheftReorder Checks
Send Us a Secure Email