http://www.securitybase.com/sb-shipping-policy
GET MORE FOR LESSSubscribe to the SecurityBase newsletter to receive timely updates from your favorite products.
Go
Don't show this popup again
Request Call For Price
Note: Please include as much details and relevant options about the item to help us match your request with an accurate price.
Home
Shipping Policy
Shipping Policy
SecurityBase.com SHIPPING POLICY
We strive to get your items out as quickly as possible,Some items ship with-in 24-48 hours, However some safes and items can take 4-6 weeks for delivery. Upon order placement, your card will be charged the full amount of the order. Please contact us directly at 1-800-616-0213 for further details on specific products. Once your order ships, you will be notified via email with a tracking #.  If you have any questions about your order, please contact us.
We have 4 methods of shipment available.
Small Parcel - Small items (under 50lbs) will be shipped via Fed Ex.  We offer Standard ground shipping. 2nd Day and Overnight Shipping  offered on a call for quote basis only (Must Call For Quote) 1-800-616-0213.  Orders placed after 2PM PST will not be processed until the following business day.
Curbside Delivery
Safes weighting less than 150 pounds are shipped via UPS and delivered to your business or residential door. Safes over 150 pounds are left outside of your business or residence. Curbside delivery does not include moving the safe inside your home or safe installation.
Free Shipping
We offer free curbside delivery shipping on all our safes. Purchase any type of safe and receive free curbside delivery. Does not include white glove delivery, only free curbside shipping. See White Glove Delivery for more information.
Will Call Orders
For customers who wish to Will Call their order :
Our Address:
337 West Freedom Ave
Orange CA 92865
Will call hours: Mon thru Friday 9am - 12pm & 1pm - 4:30pm
Shipping To Non-Continental States
SecurityBase.com only ships within the Continental United States (48 States). If you would like to purchase our products, but do not reside within the Continental United States, please call us for a shipping quote and rates (1-800-616-0213). All shipments to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico or other regions outside of the U.S. will vary in shipping options and rates. All duties, brokerage fees and taxes will be the responsibility of the buyer.
Incorrect Shipping Address
Please make sure you double check and enter the correct shipping address. Input all possible shipping information including the apartment or suite # if applicable. Entering the incorrect shipping address will result in additional fees, as well as delays in shipment.