http://www.strategicfp.com/privacy-policy
facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin
google
youtube
vimeo
tumblr
yelp
rss
email
podcast
blog
search
brokercheck
brokercheck
Home
How We Can Help
About SFP
News & Insights
Client Center
Contact Us
Strategic Financial Planning Privacy PolicyWho we areOur website address is: https://strategicfp.com.Strategic Financial Planning, Inc. is committed to safeguarding confidential information. We hold all personal data obtained or provided to us in the strictest confidence. Indeed, we require your specific permission before we will discuss your data with anyone external to the firm. The information we compile includes that provided by you, public data and other sources that you give us. We have never disclosed information to nonaffiliated third parties (such as brokerage firms, credit-card or insurance companies), except as permitted by law, or in carrying out the duties for which clients retained us. We do not anticipate any change to this policy.We maintain a secure physical office and our computer network is protected by a security firewall to ensure that your information is not placed at unreasonable risk. We do not provide your personal information to mailing list vendors or solicitors for any purpose.SFP does not monitor, control, or process the personal data of European Union data subjects. SFP does not maintain a virtual EU presence through its marketing or business strategies. The firm does not offer investment management or any other services to EU-based clients nor does it seek to do so.Some privacy policies are only applicable to clients, are available upon request and will be provided annually to clients. DOWNLOAD COMPLETE CLIENT PRIVACY POLICY.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact formsIf you submit the “Contact Us” form, all of the data that you submit will be stored for at least the duration of the period during which you and Strategic Financial Planning engage in ongoing communication. If you become a client of Strategic Financial Planning, the data you submit in the “Contact Us” form will be stored for the duration of your engagement with Strategic Financial Planning plus at least five years in order to fulfill information retention requirements.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWe collect analytics data using Google Analytics. If you wish to opt out of analytics tracking, download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Click here to view Google Analytics’ privacy policy. Who we share your data withAny data submitted in the “Contact Us” form may be stored in our email system and our customer relationship management system in order to respond to your inquiry. We do not provide your personal information to mailing list vendors or solicitors for any purpose. Contact us for links to the privacy policies of the vendors we share client data with.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Our contact informationContact us with privacy-specific concerns.Additional informationHow we protect your dataStrategic Financial Planning, Inc. is committed to safeguarding confidential information. We hold all personal data obtained or provided to us in the strictest confidence. Indeed, we require your specific permission before we will discuss your data with anyone external to the firm. The information we compile includes that provided by you, information collected from public data sources, and other sources that you give us. We have never disclosed information to nonaffiliated third parties (such as brokerage firms, credit-card or insurance companies), except as permitted by law, or in carrying out the duties for which clients retained us. We do not anticipate any change to this policy.We maintain a secure physical office and our computer network is protected by a security firewall to ensure that your information is not placed at unreasonable risk.What data breach procedures we have in placeIn the event of a data breach or suspected data breach, immediate remediation steps will begin by contacting all employees and evaluating the nature and scope of the breach. A breach is defined as any instance in which there is unauthorized release or access of PII or other information not suitable for public release, including events of hackers gaining access to data through a malicious attack; lost, stolen, or temporarily misplaced equipment; employee negligence; and policy and/or system failure.If a breach is confirmed or if third party expertise is required to confirm or dismiss a suspected breach, the firm will remove all access to sensitive client data and contact law enforcement authorities if appropriate. The firm’s cybersecurity insurance policy provider will be notified, and the insurer and/or law enforcement authorities will provide access to forensic investigators and experts that will determine how the breach or exposure occurred, the types of data involved, the number of internal/external individuals and/or organizations impacted, and analyze the breach or exposure to determine the root cause. The firm will communicate the breach to internal employees, those individuals directly affected by the breach, and other entities, individuals, or groups as required by law.What third parties we receive data fromWe do not receive data about users from third parties. We do not gather data from advertisers.What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user dataWe do not utilize automated decision making or profiling of user data.Industry regulatory disclosure requirementsSee the TERMS OF USE section of our Disclosures page.