http://www.smceuroclamp.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Menu
Account Settings Currency: GBP - British Pound
EUR - Euro USD - US Dollar
Home
Privacy Policy | ALIGN-TREX Models
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how ALIGN TREX Models uses and protects any information that you give ALIGN TREX Models when you use this website. ALIGN TREX Models is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. ALIGN TREX Models may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
General Matters
ALIGN TREX Models (R&K Enterprise Ltd) takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
This Policy applies to all ALIGN TREX Models Web Sites ("Web Sites"). This Policy does not apply to other companies' or organizations' Web Sites to which we link. You should carefully review the privacy policies of those Web Sites in order to determine how they treat your personal information.
This policy describes what types of information we gather about you, how we use it, under what circumstances we disclose it to third-parties, and your rights to update or correct it.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies or Web Sites that ALIGN TREX Models does not own or control or to people that ALIGN TREX Models does not employ or manage.
Information about you
Information Gathered From All Visitors
Aggregate Data
We gather certain generic information with respect to customers' use of our Web Sites. Information may include number of unique visitors, the frequency with which they visit, and the areas on the Web Sites that they favour. These statistics are very much like television ratings that tell the networks how many people tuned in to a program. We only use this type of data in the aggregate, on a collective basis, in summary form, rather than on an individual basis. This data helps us determine the extent to which our customers use certain parts of our Web Sites, which, in turn, enables us to make it as appealing as possible.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on our Web Sites. Cookies are pieces of information or data sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies tell our computer that you've visited before and can help to make your visit more personal so you don't have to re-enter info on a return visit. Cookies also allow us to count the number of unique and return visitors who use our Web Sites.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser to notify you when you've received a cookie or, alternatively, to refuse to accept cookies. It is important to note that you may not be able to use certain features like checking out (and participate in certain offerings) on our Web Sites if you choose not to accept cookies. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our Web Sites.
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
IP Addresses
We collect and analyse traffic on our Web Sites by keeping track of the IP addresses of our visitors. An IP address is a unique number assigned to your computer when you are using your browser on the Internet. We log this information so that we can monitor things like the number of visitors visiting the Web Sites; however, we do not link your IP address to any personally identifying information.
Subscribing to our Newsletter
We send email notifications and information to users who have opted in. Those notifications may be, but not limited to, our exclusive Newsletter, information on new features, new content, other products and services. These communications are sent to you directly by ALIGN TREX Models. In order to receive the emailed information you must have subscribed via one of our Web Sites or other sources such as our mailing/customer list.
It is our intention to always allow you to opt out of any of our lists. When you receive any Newsletter or email and you want to unsubscribe, you can simply follow the "unsubscribe" link provided in each edition.
Information Gathered From Members
If you elect to purchase a product on a ALIGN TREX Models owned web site, you will be required to provide us with certain personal information, including your name, email address, credit card number, expiration date, and billing address (this required information is subject to change from time to time). There may also be opportunities for you to provide us with additional information regarding your preferences and interests. This information, however, is not required and is completely optional on your part. Additional data may be collected from you based upon certain services you elect to utilize on our Web Sites. By obtaining this information, we can provide our Members with specific content and advertising in which they might be interested. None of this information is required to use our service or to become a user; however, the omission of certain types of data will limit the value of your use of these features.
Uses of Personal Information
If you have provided us your consent via opt-in subscription, we may use the information we have collected about you in five ways:
To send personalized, targeted information that we think our users will find relevant from ALIGN TREX Models
To support any of your requests like order processing;
To send promotions and coupons based on user interests;
To contact the user for feedback and surveys; and
To send the user other information about ALIGN TREX Models. These communications include but are not limited to email, postal mail.
Disclosure Exceptions
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information to appropriate third-parties if we are required to do so by law or we believe that such action is necessary:
To comply with legal process such as a summons or court order;
To protect the company's rights and property;
To protect ALIGN TREX Models against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web Sites and/or the ALIGN TREX Models service; or
During emergencies, such as when we believe someone's physical safety is at risk.
Your Control Over Your Personal Information
Opt-Out/Changing Your Status
Any time you receive an email from us you can change your status. Every communication ALIGN TREX Models sends you will contain a clearly worded "Opt-Out" or "Unsubscribe" link allowing you to withdraw your permission for future mailings. This system is automated and must be contacted from the email address you wish to have removed. Permission changes will be honoured as soon as possible after receipt. Please allow five to seven days for processing. Permission changes will however not affect any information which you provided to us.
Sale of Assets
In the event that  ALIGN TREX Models and/or its units or subsidiaries are ever sold, acquired, merged, liquidated, reorganized, or otherwise transferred, we reserve the right to transfer our user databases together with any personally identifiable information contained therein, to a third-party acquiring ALIGN TREX Models's assets.
Data Security
When you place orders for purchased products or access your payment information, we use an advanced encryption technology known as Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to protect the storage and transfer of your data from unauthorized parties. While on a secure page a lock or key icon appears in your web browser. In addition to our online security efforts, we take reasonable steps to protect your personal data offline, as well. All of your information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. ALIGN TREX Models's main servers are operated from a dedicated Internet hosting facility with state-of-the-art physical security features, including smoke detection and fire suppression systems, motion sensors, and 24x7 secured access, as well as video camera surveillance and security breach alarms.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
ALIGN TREX Models will occasionally update this Privacy Policy in response to changing business circumstances and legal developments. When ALIGN TREX Models posts changes to this Policy, you will see a date depicting the last update of the policy on the top of this page. If there are material changes to this Policy or in how ALIGN TREX Models uses your personally identifiable information, ALIGN TREX Models will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. ALIGN TREX Models encourages you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of how we are protecting your information. You may review our policy anytime as it will always be linked to our web sites.
Use Common Sense in All Your Online Activities
Even the best policy can't protect your online privacy and security in all circumstances. Unscrupulous advertisers, hackers, and scam artists are constantly searching the Internet looking for new targets. Your best protection is to understand the limits to privacy on the Internet and use common sense in all of your on-line activities.
Be aware that email is an inherently insecure form of communication. Remember that third parties are sometimes able to illegally intercept your unencrypted messages, including online greetings.
Be sure that you only disclose your email address in circumstances in which it is safe to do so. Beware of scams in which persons unknown to you request your screen name, password, or credit card information. Make sure you verify the identity of anyone asking for personal information. Always monitor your children's on-line activities and educate them as to the rules for safe Internet use.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should contact ALIGN TREX Models using the contact form on this website.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Compare Products
Remove This ItemCompareClear AllYou have no items to compare. My Wish List
Last Added Items
Add to Cart Add to Cart Remove This ItemGo to Wish ListYou have no items in your wish list.