http://www.highlandsyamaha.com/privacypolicy
(708)246-4003
Sign In
my account
Home
Our Inventory
New Yamaha Inventory
ATVs
Motorcycles
Side x Side
Snowmobiles
Scooters
WaveRunners
Yamaha Power Equipment
Preowned Inventory
Motorcycles
Snowmobiles
Yamaha Parts
Yamaha Accessories
Yamaha OEM Apparel
Yamaha ATV Accessories
Yamaha Motorcycle Accessories
Yamaha Side by Side Accessories
Yamaha Snowmobile Accessories
Yamaha Waverunner Accessories
Highlands Specials
Boots on Sale
Gloves on Sale
Jackets on Sale
Snow Bibs on Sale
Snowmobile Helmets on Sale
Helmet Sizing Chart from GMAX
Apparel
Aftermarket
Aftermarket ATV
Aftermarket Off-Road
Aftermarket Snowmobile
Aftermarket Street
Aftermarket V-Twin
Aftermarket Apparel & Gear
Company
Contact Us
Maps and Hours
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personal information that we collect when you are on our site and when you use our services. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners share with us or that we may collect on a partner's site. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control or to people that we do not employ or manage.Information Collection and UseWe collect personal information when you register for an account, when you use our contact forms, and when you request our newsletter. We may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners. When you register with us, we ask for your name and email address. Once you register with us and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, web browsing cookie information, and pages you request. We use this information for three general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to contact you about specials and new products.SecurityYour account information is password-protected for your privacy and security.In sensitive areas of the site we also use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive our special email offers and more.
Follow Us
Highlands Yamaha
5320 East Ave.
Countryside, IL 60525
(708)246-4003info@highlandsyamaha.com
Information
About Us
Contact Us
Maps & Hours
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Hours
Mon: 10am - 7pm
Tue: 10am - 7pm
Wed: 10am - 7pm
Thu: 10am - 7pm
Fri: 10am - 7pm
Sat: 8:30am - 4pm
Sun: Closed
Shop Now
Yamaha Parts
Yamaha Accessories
Highlands Specials
Apparel
©2012-2020 All Rights Reserved.
Site Powered by vNext Technologies, Inc.