http://www.carlogavazzi.com/en/privacy-policy.html
Carlo Gavazzi
zur Hauptnavigation
zum Inhalt
zur Servicespalte
zur Fusszeile
Menu
Carlo Gavazzi
Group profile
At a glance
Group profile
Our activities
Board of Directors
Management
History
Media
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
Registration
Investors
Financial calendar
Actual share price
Alternative performance measures
Shares
Annual report
Interim report
Presentations
Analyst coverage
Corporate governance
Contacts
Corporate
Automation Components
Disclaimer
Credits
Sitemap
Menu
Deutsch
Group profile
Media
Investors
Contacts
to overview
Privacy Policy
Preamble (mission statement, scope, changes)
Carlo Gavazzi Holding AG, Sumpfstrasse 3, 6312 Steinhausen, takes your privacy seriously. We are committed to process any personal information we collect (hereafter referred to as personal information) in full transparency, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, so as to ensure the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your personal information.This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information we collect from you as an individual through our website located at https://www.carlogavazzi.com
or mobile applications (altogether “Website”). By accessing the Website you consent to this Privacy Policy and the processing of your personal information described herein. If you do not agree please refrain from accessing this Website.This Privacy Policy is dated June 2018. It may be updated from time to time, in which case you shall be notified through a formal notice on our Website of any such modification.
1. What is personal information?Personal information is any information that can enable the identification of an individual. Information may, as such, enable your identification (like your first and last names or email address), or may enable such identification and provide information when combined with one another. In so far as any such information may enable to identify you as a person, whether taken separately or combined with one another, it shall be considered as personal information.
2. What information do we collect from you?Information that we may collect through your use of our Website may typically consist of the following information:
Information you provide us using our website enables you to register for our news publications, which will require you providing us, at your own will and thus with your consent, the following personal information to enable us to send you the newsletter subscribed to:
your email address
your first name
your name
your address, including your country of residence
Further personal information might be provided when you communicate with us through our contact page or otherwise, in which case such processing will be initiated by you, at your own will and thus with your consent.
Information we get from your use of our Website. This information which, other than your internet protocol address, does not contain personal information, includes:
Device information: for instance your hardware model, operating system version or unique device identifier.
Log information: information automatically collected when you use our Website in server logs include your internet protocol address and device event information (such as crashes, system activity, browser type, browser language as well as date and time of your usage activities).
Cookies and similar technologies: cookies or similar technologies are used to collect and store information when you visit our Website to identify your browser or device. In order to obtain more information and in order to learn how and to what extent you can avoid such automatic collection of information please refer to our Cookie Notice.
3. Why do we collect personal information?Personal information is collected to achieve the following purposes:
to enable us to send you the news publications you have subscribed to;
to answer to your queries when you contact us directly. Such processing is based upon your consent which can be withdrawn at any time by sending an email to: gavazzi@carlogavazzi.ch.
4. Who might we share your personal information with?We may disclose and share some or all of your personal information with:
Service providers and processors we may engage to provide services to us on our behalf, such as hosting or support of our Website. In providing their services, these providers may access, receive, maintain or otherwise process your personal information on our behalf. Our contracts with these providers do not permit use of your personal information for their own purposes, including their marketing purposes. Consistent with applicable legal requirements, we take all reasonable steps to require third parties to adequately safeguard your personal information and only process it in accordance with our instructions.
Any third party to which we are ordered to disclose personal information as a result of a court order or a similar decree, a specific request by a governmental authority and/or by law.
Any relevant entity for emergency purposes that compel such disclosure.
Affiliates: We are part of an international group of companies where certain services are provided centralized by one or more affiliates for the entire group or a part of it. We, therefore, reserve the right to share your personal information with our direct and indirect affiliates for all purposes described above in the section "3. Why do we collect personal information?". Whenever we share Personal Data with affiliates, we request from them that they commit themselves to process personal information in line with this Privacy Policy only.
5. Where will my personal information be stored?We take steps to ensure that the personal information collected under this Privacy Policy is processed according to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and the requirements of applicable law wherever the personal information is located.Your personal information will be stored and normally processed from and in the European Economic Area (EEA) and/or Switzerland. Notwithstanding this, depending upon the location of our service providers, your personal information may occasionally be transferred to and processed in jurisdictions outside of the EEA or Switzerland.When we transfer personal information outside of the EEA or Switzerland, we shall only do so in accordance with applicable laws, notably by entering into a trans border data flow agreement published by the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (available here) or EU Model Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission (available here) and adapted to satisfy Swiss law requirements, as applicable, with the relevant entities.
6. How do we protect your personal information?We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information.We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, modification or disclosure to an appropriate level depending upon the sensitivity of the personal information.We further contractually ensure that any third party (as described above) equally processes your personal information in a secured way to ensure its confidentiality and integrity.
7. How long do we retain your personal information?We shall retain the personal information you provided to us with your consent, for as long as you intend to receive our news publications, respectively communicate with us, and shall delete any and all your personal information at your request within thirty days following such request.
8. Social Media and Other WebsitesWherever Carlo Gavazzi Holding AG is present in any of the various social media forums like Facebook, Twitter, Yammer, Pinterest, Instagram, LinkedIn, Youtube, etc., you should be familiar with and understand the tools and settings provided by those sites that allow you to make choices about how you share your personal information in your social media profile(s).For these forums the privacy practices or policies of these third parties apply, so we encourage you to read the applicable privacy notices, terms of use and related information about how your personal information is used in these social media environments.Our Website may contain links to third-party websites, notably through social media feeds; if you follow these links, you will exit our Website. While these third-party websites are selected with care, we cannot accept liability for the use of your personal information by these organizations. For more information and details, please consult the privacy terms of the websites you are visiting (if such a statement is provided).
9. How can I access the personal information you hold about me?Should you have any question related to our processing of your personal information or to this Privacy Policy, including so as to have access to your personal information and to require, to the extent entitled by applicable law, its rectification, erasure, objection or restriction, as well as its portability, or should you want to contact our EU representative, you may send an email to: gavazzi@carlogavazzi.ch.As any individual, we draw your attention upon the fact that you are entitled to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority should you consider that we do not to process your personal information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and did not respond to your request in a satisfactory way.
10. Governing Law and JurisdictionAny dispute arising out of or related to this Privacy Policy shall be subject to Swiss Law, and shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the ordinary courts of Zurich, canton of Zurich, Switzerland.
Copyrights© 2020 Carlo Gavazzi Holding AG Carlo Gavazzi App The Carlo Gavazzi App is now available through the corresponding App-Stores:
Android
iOS
About us Sitemap
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Credits
Languages
Deutsch
I accept the use of cookies
We are using cookies in order to facilitate your navigation on this website. You can read about how cookies are used and how to manage them here. By continuing to navigate on this website or clicking on the button you accept our cookie notice and related Privacy Policy.