http://www.finelite.com/privacy/
Product Shortcuts|Media Center|Agent Login|Contact|Home
Global Privacy Policy
At Finelite, helping you manage privacy and protect your personal information is among our primary concerns. That's why, when you choose Finelite, we help you maintain control over personal information about you. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the information you provide us during your experience with our company through any means, such as when you use our Web sites, interact with us through our products and other services, when we speak with you over the telephone, and if you work directly with our technical support teams.
Scope
This summary provides highlights of Finelite's privacy policy and applies only to Finelite, Inc. This privacy statement does not apply to the Web sites of our business partners or to any other third parties, even if their Web sites are linked to our Web site. We recommend you review the privacy policies of each Web site you visit.
This privacy statement governs only personal information we collect from our customers and online from our Web site users ("you"), through Finelite products, services, Web sites, contacts and/or relationships with you. For the purposes of this privacy statement, "corporate affiliates" means any entity or joint venture wholly or partially owned or controlled by Finelite, Inc. "Business partners" means any subcontractors, vendors or other entities with whom we have an ongoing business relationship to provide products, services or information. "Personal information" means information that identifies you, such as your name, telephone number and e-mail address. In some cases, the policy may be tailored to account for variances in law in a particular country. However, this policy is intended to be global in nature.
Information We CollectWe collect the information you give us in order to provide you products and services, inform you about our products, and fulfill your orders and service requests. When you send e-mails or otherwise communicate with Finelite, we may retain those communications in order to process your requests and inquiries and improve the quality of our Site.For certain uses of the Site, we may require personal information (such as your name, e-mail address and an account password) for registration and administration purposes. We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other Finelite services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services.We may also collect other information as part of the registration and personalization process (e.g., zip code and individual preferences). Certain non-identifying information would be considered part of your personal information if it were combined with other identifiers (e.g., combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables us to identify you. However, the same pieces of information are considered non-identifying information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (e.g., your viewing preferences). We may combine your personal information with non-identifying information and aggregate it with information collected from other users to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Site, and to analyze and understand how the Site is used.We use cookies and other Internet technologies to collect information, to manage our Web sites and e-mail programs, to offer you personalized experiences and to help us manage our Web sites. First, we use persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by our users and Web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Third-party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the Web sites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site.When you access our Web sites, we log your IP address in our Web server logs. We also collect related information such as browser type, operating system and Web pages visited to help manage our Web sites. How We Use Personal InformationWe use personal information to deliver the services and support and to carry out the transactions you have requested. We use the information collected to send communications to you, such as product safety information, your transactions status (e.g., order confirmations), information about products and services available from Finelite and its corporate affiliates, promotional offers and surveys. We use the information to customize, analyze and improve our products, services (including our Web site), technologies, communications and relationship with you. We use the information to enforce our conditions of sale, Web site terms and/or separate contracts (if applicable) with you. We use information to prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities.We use cookies and other Internet technologies to manage our Web sites and e-mail programs, to offer you personalized experiences and to help us manage our Web sites. Your ChoicesYou may contact Finelite to determine the types of personal information that we process and to correct or update your personal information. Protecting Personal Information
We understand the importance of ensuring that your personal information is secure and protected. We use administrative, physical and electronic procedures to help protect personal information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Finelite transfers personal information to the United States for processing. Your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Disclosing Personal InformationWe may share your personal information with business partners that share Finelite's commitment to protecting your personal information, including those that help Finelite carry out transactions you request or that help Finelite to customize, analyze and/or improve our communications or relationship with you. We may disclose your personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention or other legal action as required by law or regulation, or if Finelite reasonably believes it is necessary to protect Finelite, its customers or the public.Finelite may sell, transfer or otherwise share some of or all of its assets, including your personal information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. We will provide notice before your personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. We may share aggregated information that does not include personal information, and we may otherwise disclose non-identifying information and log data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any such aggregated information will not contain your personal information.Except as described above, we will not disclose your personal information to other third parties unless you have provided consent. Other Important Information Finelite is committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution to complaints or concerns about privacy. Finelite complies with data protection laws in the countries in which we do business, and we cooperate with data protection authorities and law enforcement agencies. This Site is not directed to children under the age of 18. If a parent becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, he or she should contact us at customerservice@finelite.com. If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our files.Contacting Us
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us any time at customerservice@finelite.com or (510) 441-1100.
Last Updated:  July 20, 2007
© Finelite, Inc. All rights reserved.    Contact Us  |  Privacy Policy  |  Sales Terms and Conditions  |  Site Map