https://www.gsedispensing.com/sample-page-2/privacy-statement/
Privacy statementHomePrivacy statement
Collection and use of personal data belonging to customers, suppliers and other contractors
We would like to draw your attention to the fact that we will collect and use the personal data you provide to us because this is necessary to conclude with you and perform a possible agreement. This applies to both our (potential) customers and to parties from which we purchase goods and/or services.
If you are a (potential) customer of ours, we will use your data to be able to send you an offer, to be able to determine what specifications or wishes certain goods or services must satisfy, in order to be able to deliver goods or carry out the activities for you, in order to be able to invoice you and to be able to communicate with you quickly and efficiently concerning the implementation aspects of the agreement.
If you are a (potential) supplier or another contractor, your personal data are also required for concluding and performing the agreement. In case of purchasing, this is necessary in order to be able to inform you what specifications or wishes certain goods or services should satisfy in our opinion, to be able to send a request for an offer or to place an order with you, to be able to pay your invoices and to able to communicate with you quickly and efficiently concerning other aspects of the agreement.
You are not obliged to provide your personal data to us. If you do not provide personal data to us or provide us with insufficient personal data it may be the case that we will not be able to carry out the abovementioned activities.
Transfer to third parties
In connection with the performance of a possible agreement with you it may be necessary to provide your personal data to parties that supply parts, materials or products to us or who perform activities on our instructions. We furthermore make use of external server space for the storage of (parts of) our sales and purchasing records and our records of business relations. Your personal data are part of these records. Therefore your personal data are provided to the service space provider. We also use Microsoft Office and the related storage facilities for e-mails and other files. As we make use of a newsletter mailing service, your personal data are finally transferred to the provider of this service.
Direct marketing
If you have granted us your approval to do so, we will store and use the personal data you have provided in order to be able to inform you personally by e-mail in the future of our existing and new products and services and possibly make you an offer in this connection. Every time we send you a marketing e-mail, you have the option of informing us that you no longer wish to receive such e-mails. See in this connection the opt-out link at the bottom of each mailing.
Retention period personal data
We retain the data collected by us during different periods, depending on the category of data and the way in which they were collected.
With regard to the data collected with the (contact) forms on the website, these will be stored for five years.
With regard to the data collected via the cookies on the website, the retention periods apply as described in the Cookie Statement (see the website).
Insofar as there is no specific retention period for certain data in this document, a period applies of up to one year after the end of (i) the duration of the relationship with customer, supplier or contractor or (ii) the applicable statutory storage period. We will remove your personal data after this period has ended.
Your rights
You have the right to request to inspect your own personal data. If there is reason to do so, you may also request us to supplement your personal data or to correct inaccuracies. You also have the right to request that your personal data be deleted or that the use of your personal data be limited. You can also submit an objection to the collection and use of your personal data to us or submit a complaint to the Dutch Data Protection Authority. And finally, you have the right to request to obtain your personal data or that they are transferred to another party. In order to be able to exercise your rights, you can apply to: GSE B.V., Mercuriusweg 17, 6971 GV Brummen, Tel. +31 575 568 080, E-mail: info@gsedispensing.com. Naturally you can contact us if you have questions or require further information concerning the collection and use of your personal data.
Brummen, May 2018 (version 1.0)
Search
Search for:
Recent Posts
New Colorsat FCS manual ink dispenser
Now is the time (to future-proof your ink logistics)!
Pharmalabel assures quality and reduces risk in label supply chain
GSE records four dispenser sales at Labelexpo Europe 2019
GSE introduces new machine controls and software at Labelexpo 2019
Menu
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website and to gather statistics.OkRead more