https://www.temperatureworld.com/privacy-policy.htm
5
/
5
(
1
vote
)
temperatureworld.com takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it. See this privacy policy primer to learn more about privacy policies in general.
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Where necessary, temperatureworld.com uses cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.
Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.
Controlling Your Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms. This list of web browser privacy management links may also be useful.
Special Note About Google Advertising
Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising services. Learn how to opt out of Google’s cookie usage. As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Collected contact information
We will not sell or share your personal information with third parties. We will use the information to respond to inquiries. From time to time, we may contact you about new content, products, services or events that are relevant to your interests.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to us for further clarification.
Related Posts
15 Best Wireless Indoor Outdoor Thermometers 2021 - Buyer's Guide and Review (Updated)
12 Best Beyblade 2020 - Top Pick's and Reviews By An Beyblade Expert!
15 Best Infrared Thermometer in 2020 - Top Pick's By An Expert!
How to Fix a Beyblade - A Complete Guide
Temperature Conversion Table - A Complete Step By Step Guide
How to Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit
Shop By Related