http://www.jlrichards.ca/privacy-policy
Search
Architecture
Engineering
Planning
Project Management
Search
About us
Contact us
Careers
Newsroom
Home > Privacy policy
Privacy policy
At J.L. Richards & Associates Ltd. (JLR), we are committed to maintaining the privacy of our site visitors. If you have any questions or comments with respect to our privacy policy, please contact us.
Personal information
This site does not automatically gather any specific personal information from you, such as your name, phone number or e-mail address. JLR would only obtain this type of information if you volunteer it in contacting us.
Information obtained about visitors to this website is used solely by JLR to respond directly to those visitors’ queries and requests, to contact you about developments at JLR, and to aid in our own internal website traffic forecasting. We do not share, sell or supply voluntarily provided personal information to any third party except as may be required by law.
Email
Email sent to JLR may be forwarded or shared with several staff members. This may expose the content of emails to third parties. Therefore, emails should not contain confidential or sensitive information unless the sender has a pre-existing relationship with the recipient of the communication that renders them contractually or legally obligated to keep the communication confidential, or unless communications are encrypted to ensure that no one but the intended recipient can read them.
Cookies, Links, and Downloads
Links to other websites are provided for your information and convenience only. We exert no control over content on these sites, and JLR is not in any way liable for any loss or damage arising from browsing or using these sites, nor are we responsible for any content found therein.
Electronic files and software downloaded over the Internet may contain viruses and other risks, and JLR makes no guarantee that files downloaded from our own or any linked sites will be problem- or virus-free.
Reliance and Warranty
We make every effort to keep our website as accurate as possible. We cannot guarantee, however, that all information on our site at any given time will be entirely accurate and up-to-date. The content of this site can change without notice and is provided without warranty of any kind. The content of this Web site is provided with the understanding that the authors and publishers are not herein engaged in rendering any professional advice or services.
Copyrights, Trademarks, and Reproduction
This website (www.jlrichards.ca) is copyright © 2015 J.L. Richards & Associates Ltd (JLR), with all rights reserved. The JLR logo is a registered trademark of J.L. Richards & Associates Ltd.
The information provided by JLR was intended for non-commercial, informational and personal use only, and may be downloaded, printed, or reproduced for these purposed only without permission. We do ask, however, that users endeavour to ensure the accuracy of materials reproduced, that JLRagency.com be cited as the source, and that reproductions are not represented as official, or endorsed by, JLR.
Copyright and proprietary notices that accompany this site’s contents may not be removed from any electronic copies or hardcopy printouts.
Content and images appearing on this site may not be reproduced for public or commercial use, in any medium, without prior written consent. To obtain permission to reproduce materials on this site for commercial purposes please contact us.