http://www.barry.ca/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Home
Helicopter External Load
Synthetic Helicopter Longlines
Helicopter Cargo Nets
Helicopter Long Line - Accessories
Helicopter Short Lines
Defence and Military Products
Airborne Geophysical
Human External Cargo (HEC)
Helicopter Environment Nets
Aerial Work Platforms (T-Bird)
Netting
Industrial Safety Netting - (Custom Made)
Debris Safety Netting
Industrial Lifting Cargo Nets
Knotless Netting - (Custom Made)
Mining Safety Nettings
Machine Guarding Safety Nets
Dielectric Safety Net
Ice Fall Safety Net
Nets and Netting Finishing
Rope
Dielectric Rope Systems
Dyneema® Fiber Rope (UHMWPE)
Polyester Rope
Nylon Rope
Technora® Fiber Rope
Polypropylene Rope
Natural Fiber Rope
Rigging Equipment
Rope Splices and Finishing
Dielectric Rope and Net
Dielectric Hot Tag Line
Dielectric Safety Net
Lineman Rescue Kits
Dielectric Helicopter Longline
Dielectric Helicopter HEC Longline
Dielectric Hot Work Rope
Synthetic Lifting Beam
Marine & Commercial Diving Products
Towing Ropes and Winch Lines
Fall Protection & Rescue
DBI Sala Fall Protection
Rescue and Confined Space Systems
Fall Protection Safety Nets
Portable Guardrail
High Angle Rescue Equipment
Rescue Floating Rope
Diving Harnesses and Lifeline
Petzl Equipment
Protecta Fall Protection
Sport
Alpine Ski Safety Nets
Adventure Parks
Training & Climbing Ropes
Natural Fiber Ropes
Rigging Equipment
Knotless Netting
Rigging
Products - COVID-19
Log in
Create an Account
Home   I   Contact Us
I   FR
Privacy Policy
Share:
Introduction
With the introduction of new means of communication, it is important to pay particular attention to protecting our identity. This is why we are committed to protecting the personal information we collect.
Collection of personal information
We gather the following information:
Family name
Given name
Address
Postal code
Email address
Phone/ Fax number
The personal information we gather is collected through online forms and user interaction on our website. We also use cookies and/or log files to gather information about you.
Forms and interactivity:
Your personal information is collected through online forms:
Website registration form
Order form
Survey
We use the information collected for the following:
Order follow-up
Information or special offers
Statistics
Contact
Website management (presentation, organisation)
Information is also gathered through online activity between you and our website, and is gathered for the following:
Statistics
Contact information
Website management (presentation, organization)
We use collected information for the following:
Comments
Correspondence
Information or special offers
Log Files and Cookies
We collect certain information through log files and cookies. That information mainly includes:
IP address
Operating system
Pages visited and searched
Time and day of connexion
Gathering this information allows us to:
Improve service and offer a customized experience
Create a personalized user file
Order follow-up
Statistics
Sharing your personal information
We share your personal information with third parties to help us use it, as described above.
We use Shopify to power our online store—you can read more about how Shopify uses your personal information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site—you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We also use Hubspot to help us understand how our customers use the Site and what their needs are to better meet them—you can read more about how Hubspot uses your Personal Information here: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
Do not track
Please note that we do not alter our site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Right of Refusal or Removal
We are committed to offering you the right of refusal and the removal of your personal information.
The right of refusal is understood as the Internet user’s option to refuse the use of their personal information for the reasons mentioned.
The right of removal is understood as the Internet user’s right to have all personal information removed, for example, from a distribution list.
Accessibility
We are committed to providing users full access and the right to consult, correct, or even delete information concerning them.
Security
The personal information we gather is stored in a secure environment. Our employees are required to respect the confidentiality of your personal information.
In order to ensure that your personal information is secure, the following measures are taken:
SSL Protocol (Secure Sockets Layer)
SET Protocol (Secure Electronic Transaction)
Access Management – Authorized Person
Access Management – Individual in Question
Network Surveillance Software
Data Back-up
Digital Certificate Development
Login/ Password
Firewalls
We are committed to ensuring the high degree of confidentiality by integrating the latest technological innovations in order to guarantee safe and confidential transactions. Nevertheless, we acknowledge that there is no means of complete security and as a result there always remains some level of risk when using the Internet for transmitting personal information.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact us
For more information about our privacy practices or for any other questions, please contact us by e mail at mapilon@barry.ca or by mail using the details provided below:
Barry Cordage Ltd.
6110 boul. des Grandes-Prairies
Montréal (Québec) Canada H1P 1A2
Note: Barry sells to companies, professionals, and government only. Note: Minimum quantities may apply to some products, $150 minimum purchase, sales by phone, fax, website and email only.Note: This information is for reference only and is subject to change without prior notice.Note: Any Barry document received by email, downloaded or printed is uncontrolled.