http://www.ab.bluecross.ca/web-site-policy.php
To protect the security of personal information, your Internet browser will need to be upgraded to access this website. Please ensure you use the latest version of:
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Safari
Alberta Blue Cross® Web Site Terms of Use
Please carefully read the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Use"") before proceeding.
Unless otherwise stated, these Terms of Use apply to your usage of this web site (referred to below as the "Site"). By accessing the Site you, the web site user, acknowledge you have read, understood and agree to these Terms of Use.
If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, please exit the Site.
General
Terms of Participation
By using the Site, you agree, represent and warrant that:
You understand the nature of the use of the Site, the Terms of Use and the nature of the ongoing obligations associated with them.
If you are a parent or guardian of a Site user who is a minor, you are responsible for providing supervision of the minor's use of the Site. You assume full responsibility for ensuring that
information submitted is correct, current and complete. You also assume full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through the Site for the minor.
You will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, those relating to the Internet, data, e-mail, privacy, and the transmission of technical data.
All the information you provide on the Site is correct, current and complete.
Your use of the Site including the Content is at your own risk.
Alberta Blue Cross® reserves the right at any time and from time-to-time to modify, edit, delete, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site (or any portion thereof) and/or the Content (or any part thereof), with or without notice to you. You further agree that Alberta Blue Cross® shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, editing, deletion, suspension or discontinuance.
Alberta Blue Cross® makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that current and accurate information is accessible through the Site.
If information presented through the Site differs from the official Alberta Blue Cross® records, the latter will prevail.
Please contact Alberta Blue Cross® if you have any questions or concerns.
Prohibited Uses
You agree NOT to do any of the following:
Use the Site in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage or impair the Site or interfere with any other person’s use of the Site including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Site;
Use any robot, spider, other automatic device process or means, or similar data gathering, data mining, or extraction methods to access the Site for any purpose including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Site;
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site;
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Site or the server on which the Site is hosted;
Attack the Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack;
Attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site;
Use the Site to fraudulently misrepresent yourself;
Register, subscribe, unsubscribe, or attempt to register, subscribe, or unsubscribe any party for any product or service if you are not expressly authorized by such party to do so;
Permit, allow or do anything that would infringe or otherwise prejudice the proprietary rights of Alberta Blue Cross® or its licensors,;
Modify, create derivative works of, copy, make available to any person, or otherwise use, either directly or indirectly, the Content in whole or in part, in any form or by any means whatsoever for commercial or other purposes except those stated in this Terms of use. Because the Site was created to be informative, we will permit you to download or photocopy Content displayed on the Site, including forms and benefit booklets, for your own non-commercial personal use. Any Content extracted from the site must prominently display copyright and other proprietary notices.
Use the Site other than for its intended purpose.
The restrictions set out in these Terms of Use shall not apply to the limited extent the restrictions are prohibited by applicable law.
Privacy, security and personal information
Privacy Policy
Alberta Blue Cross® operates under and complies with all applicable privacy legislation, as identified in our privacy policy, located at https://www.ab.bluecross.ca/aboutus/privacy.php ("Privacy Policy").
By using the Site, you
agree to the terms of our
Privacy Policy.
Before using the Site, please carefully review our Privacy Policy. All information provided to us as a result of your use of the Site will be handled in accordance with these Terms of Use, which are deemed to incorporate each provision of our Privacy Policy unless it is inconsistent with these Terms of Use. Your information will be kept as required to fulfil the identified purposes and then destroyed, erased, or made anonymous, in compliance with all applicable laws.
Site Security
Data on the Site is protected by encryption security. Further, our employees and those of third-parties with whom we work follow specific privacy and security policies and procedures to protect and safeguard your information. Although we have taken what we believe to be reasonable and industry standard security precautions to protect information exchanged through the Site, we do not guarantee the effectiveness of those security measures.
Communication between you and Alberta Blue Cross® while using the Site is intended to be secure. However any unprotected e-mail communication over the Internet, as well as communication via other mediums, is not secure or confidential, subject to possible interception or loss, and possible alteration. You should not send any confidential, proprietary or sensitive information via those media.
Use and Disclosure of Your Information
Except as described in these Terms of Use or as specifically agreed to by you, we will only use the personally identifiable or personal health information we gather from you on the Site for the purposes of determining eligibility for coverage and verifying, assessing and paying claims.
Except as described in these Terms of Use or as specifically agreed to by you, we will not disclose any personally identifiable or personal health information we gather from you on the Site. The personal information gathered by us on the Site may be disclosed/exchanged between Alberta Blue Cross® and a licensed physician and/or health services provider/professional/practitioner, institution or insurer, and only for the purposes stated on the Site.
Further, we may release personally identifiable or personal health information to third parties to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your personally identifiable or personal health information to a third party, we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order.
Cookies
The Site, like most web sites, uses cookies to enable access and enhance security. These cookies do not provide us with personalized information, do not link non-personal information from cookies to personally identifiable information without your permission, and do not enable us to collect or store personal health information about you. The cookies do provide us with statistics such as the total number of site visitors. This information is used only to improve site design and customer experience.
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies. If you reject our cookies, certain components of the functions and conveniences of the Site may not work properly, but you do not have to accept our cookies in order to use some functionality of the Site.
Other legal terms
Ownership and Use of Content
The Site, including any form, design, function, navigation element or information contained within the Site, as may be revised and updated from time to time, without notice,
(“Content”) is protected under applicable intellectual property and other laws including, without limitation, the laws of Canada and other countries.
For clarity, Content further includes any forms you submit to the Site. All Content and intellectual property rights therein are the property of Alberta Blue Cross® or its licensors and title to the Content remains with us or our licensors. You do not acquire ownership rights to any Content.
If you violate any of the Terms of Use, your permission to use the Content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Content.
All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to Alberta Blue Cross® and its licensors.
Trade-marks and Copyrights
The Site may contain registered and unregistered trade-marks, trade names, service marks, logos, product and service names, and graphics (collectively, “Trademarks”)
belonging to, or used under license by, Alberta Blue Cross® or other owners including licensors. The appearance of such Trademarks does not convey to you any rights to use them.
You are not authorized to display copy or use the Trademarks in any manner without the prior written permission of the rights owner.
All information in the Site is protected under the copyright laws of Canada and/or other countries.
Limitation of liability
You agree to use the Site solely at your own risk.
The Site and the Content are provided “as is” and “as available.” Alberta Blue Cross® assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Site, or for the accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness, or timeliness of the Content, software, text, graphics, links, or communications provided on or through the use of the Site.
Alberta Blue Cross®, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaims all warranties of every kind, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise. Alberta Blue Cross® explicitly disclaims any representation, warranty or condition of merchantability, fitness for particular uninterrupted or error-free services, or inter-operability of products and services, whether arising by usage or trade, course of dealing, course of performance, statute, or otherwise.
Alberta Blue Cross® assumes no liability or responsibility pertaining to the Content, your use of the Site, or the receipt, storage, transmission or other use of your personal information.
In no event will Alberta Blue Cross®, its affiliates, agents, licensors, suppliers, or their respective directors, officers or employees be liable for any direct, indirect, special,
incidental, punitive, exemplary, aggravated, economic or consequential loss or damages, howsoever caused, including but not limited to: damages for loss of use, lost profits or lost savings. This limitation applies regardless of the form of action, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or other legal theory, and applies even if Alberta Blue Cross® or any of its lawful agents or employees have been advised of the possibility of such damages or claim.
Links
The Site may contain links to other web sites for your convenience in locating information and services that may be of interest. You acknowledge that people or organizations over which Alberta Blue Cross® may exercise no control maintain these other web sites and when you access these other web sites, you are doing so at your own risk. Alberta Blue Cross® expressly disclaims any responsibility for the content, accuracy of information and/or the quality of products or services provided by or advertised on these other web sites. Alberta Blue Cross® does not control, endorse or promote any other web site unless expressly stated.
Governing Laws
The Site, the Content and these Terms of Use will be governed by the laws of the Province of Alberta, Canada, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions and shall be treated in all respects as though it were an Alberta contract and the Courts of Alberta will have exclusive jurisdiction. You hereby irrevocably consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of said courts for all such purposes.
English Language
You and Alberta Blue Cross® have expressly requested that the Terms of Use and all documents and notices be drafted in the English language. Toi et Alberta Blue Cross® ont demandé expressément que cette la présente entente et tous les document et avis connexes soient rédigés en anglais.
Waiver
No waiver of any of these Terms of Use shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provision (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly provided.
Indemnity
You agree at all times to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Alberta Blue Cross®, its agents, licensors, suppliers, affiliates and their respective directors and employees from and against all actions, proceedings, costs, claims, damages, demands, liabilities and expenses whatsoever (including legal and other professional fees
and disbursements) sustained, incurred or paid by Alberta Blue Cross® directly or indirectly in respect of your violation of these Terms of Use.
Amendments
We reserve the right, in our discretion, to amend or replace these Terms of Use at any time by notice to you.
We will notify you of a change by
posting a notice on the Site.
Your use of the Site after we post the notice means that you accept the Terms of Use, as amended.
If you do not agree to an amendment to these Terms of Use, you must immediately stop using this Site.
No amendment to, or waiver of any provision of, these Terms of Use is binding on unless agreed to
by us in writing.
Contact Us
If any information appears to be missing or incorrect, or if you have questions about what you are viewing, please contact Alberta Blue Cross® at 780-498-8000 (Edmonton and area) and toll-free in other areas of Canada and the U.S. 1-800-661-6995.
Connect with us
©Copyright 2020 ABC Benefits Corporation. All rights reserved. ®* The Blue Cross symbol and name are registered marks of the Canadian Association of Blue Cross Plans, an association of independent Blue Cross plans. Licensed to ABC Benefits Corporation for use in operating the Alberta Blue Cross Plan. ®† Blue Shield is a registered trade-mark of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association.