https://www.cross-spectrum.com/measurement/privacy.html
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy we
provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can
make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the
Cross·Spectrum website. On some pages, you may be able to order products, make
requests, and register to receive materials.
The types of personal
information collected at these pages are:
Name
Mailing address
Email address
Phone number
We use IP addresses to administer the site, track user movement and
gather demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not
linked to identifiable information.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address,
or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide
advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more
information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information
used by these companies,
click here.
The Way We Use Information:
Cross·Spectrum Labs is the sole owner of the information collected on
this site. We will never use or share
the personally identifiable information
provided to us online without also providing you an
opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit
such unrelated uses.
We use the information you provide about yourself when
requesting information from
Cross·Spectrum only to respond to your inquiries. We do not
share this information with
outside parties except to the minimum extent necessary to
respond to your inquiry.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive.
Such
addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with
outside parties.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies,
please call us at (413) 747-2290 or use our
contact form.
Last modified 2011-02-14