http://www.skiersedge.com/privacy
Home/privacy
Skier’s Edge respects and protects the privacy of the individuals who visit the Skier’s Edge web site
www.skiersedge.com or contact us by mail, by phone, or by email. Individually identifiable information about
you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission, as explained below.
USE OF COOKIES
Upon your first visit to the customer portal areas of the Skier’s Edge web site, our web server sends a cookie
to your computer. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user. Skier’s Edge uses cookies
to improve the quality of the services we offer and to understand our customer base better. Skier’s Edge will
not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant,
subpoena, statute, or court order. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your
browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Be aware, however, that the customer
portal areas of the Skier’s Edge web site will not function properly if you refuse cookies.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
If you visit the Skier’s Edge web site to browse, read, or download information, we automatically collect and
store:
the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet;
the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using;
the browser software you use and your operating system;
the date and time you access our sites; and
the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to our sites.
We use this information only as anonymous aggregate data to determine the number of visitors to different
sections of our site and to help us make our site more useful. We do not use it to track or record information
about individuals. We generally delete this information after one year or less. Skier’s Edge does not collect
any unique information about you (such as your name and email address) except when you specifically and
knowingly provide such information.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Certain external sites linked from the Skier’s Edge web site are developed by people over whom Skier’s Edge
exercises no control. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal
information. Links from the Skier’s Edge site to such external sites do not imply responsibility for those
sites on the part of Skier’s Edge, nor for anything posted on them, nor for the actions of those who administer
them.
SHARING OF INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
Skier’s Edge may share information about visitors to the Skier’s Edge web site with business partners,
authorized agents, and other third parties. However, we only divulge aggregate information about our visitors
and will not share personally identifiable information with any third party without your express consent.
Please be aware, however, that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in
order to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order.
YOUR CONCENT
By using the Skier’s Edge web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have
outlined in this policy and to our Terms of Service policy.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Skier’s Edge may decide to change this privacy policy from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes
on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what
circumstances we disclose it.
ADDITIONAL QUESTIONS?
Feel free to contact us at any time. We’ll be glad to answer any additional questions you may have. Please send
email on this topic to Contact Us