http://www.derse.com/legal
HomeLegal
Legal
By visiting Derse, Inc.’s website, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy notice.
Derse, Inc. respects your rights to personal privacy. The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your experience on Derse, Inc.’s website. We will gather and use information through our website only in the ways disclosed in this notice. This notice applies only to information gathered at Derse, Inc.’s website.
Use of your personal information
We receive and store any information you enter on Derse.com or provide to us in any other way for seven years. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, pages visited, and number of clicks. We review the information that you provide us to respond to your requests, communicate with you, to understand trends, and to determine the effectiveness of our website content.
Data collected from our iQ Cloud application is stored up to seven years. After seven years, all personally identifiable data is anonymized or deleted. General data may be held by iQ Cloud longer than seven years.
Consent
If you authorize us to send you promotional materials, we may do so using either the e-mail or the mailing addresses you provided on the request form. From time to time we may notify you of special promotions, new products or services, or other information that may interest you. We do not share any information you provide to us, including your e-mail and mail addresses, with any companies outside Derse, Inc.
Should you not wish to receive this type of information, you will be able to express this desire by clicking on the appropriate button or checkbox when first asked to respond to the issue, by modifying your profile at any time thereafter, by clicking the Personal Data Request link on the Contact page, or by contacting our Data Protection Office – we will not send you information if you expressly inform us you do not wish to receive such materials.
Use of cookies
We use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the sites pages, or register with services, a cookie helps Derse, Inc. to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies through modifying your Web browser; most Web browsers automatically accept cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
Revision of this Notice
If you choose to visit Derse, Inc.’s website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this notice, including limitations on damages and application of the law of the state of Wisconsin.
Derse, Inc. will occasionally update this Privacy Notice to reflect company and customer feedback. In the event there are changes to this notice, Derse will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. We encourage you to periodically review this notice to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Endorsement Disclaimer
Our website contains links to other sites. You are subject to that site’s privacy policy when you leave this site. Reference in this website to any specific service, company, or organization does not constitute its endorsement or recommendation by Derse, Inc. Derse, Inc. is not responsible for the contents of any “off-site” Web page referenced from this server.
Questions related to our Privacy Policy
Access to our iQ Cloud Lead Retrieval system privacy policy can be found at the following link.
https://iq.derse.com/privacyPolicy.cfm
All questions relating our Privacy Policy should be directed to our Data Protection Office at dataprotectionofficer@derse.com.