http://www.prismaudio.co.uk/content/terms.htm
Home
» Audio
Audio
Menu
In this category
Amplifiers
Innovators, designers and manufacturers of power amplifier modules and LED lighting drivers in the UK for the last 25 years. Prism Audio Sound and Light produce amplifiers that are used for both audio and industrial use and LED lighting drivers used for a wide range of decorative or architectural systems.
List view
Grid view
Large grid view
Featured Products
Amplifiers
Featured products
100W output
+/- 45V Input
4 or 8 ohm
100% Waterproof
Power Amplifier module
£19.99
150W output
+/- 60V Input
4 or 8 ohm
100% Waterproof
Power Amplifier module
£29.99
Browse all Amplifiers
We use cookies
By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. More information
Continue
Close
1 item(s) added to your compare list
Compare now
Terms and Conditions
Please read through our terms and conditions carefully.
If you do not agree with any part of the terms and conditions you must not use this web site.
Intellectual Property
All contents on our website including logos, trademarks and photographs along with written text are the property of Mtroniks Ltd. and its suppliers.
None of the content or software held on this website must be reproduced, copied, sold or downloaded without prior written consent from us directly.
Methods of payment
We accept card payments both online, over the telephone and for those of you who are still a litle shy of the internet we also accept UK cheques!
We have now been trading for over 25 years, we are an exceptionally reputable company and assure you that when you give your payment details online they are totally secure.
How do we do this?
All payment details are validated and processed by Protx who use the very latest SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption technology.
However, since no credit card details are held on our website you will have to enter your card details every time you place an order with us. We do store your address details, so you should not need to keep re-entering them! The cards we accept are Visa, Visa Electron, Mastercard, Switch, Maestro,
& Solo.
We also accept UK cheques made payable to Mtroniks Ltd. and remember to allow 5 working days for payment to clear.
Please remember that when you order online although you give your payment details at the time of ordering, we do not take your payment out from your bank account until the goods leave us at this end and are ready to despatch to you.
The only time we take immediate payment is when you order directly by telephone.
Also for your security we do not store your credit card details, only your address, telephone number and email number will be stored.
Exchange Rates
The currency displayed on our site is GB Pounds Sterling. The exchange rates are updated on a regular basis however the actual amount you will be charged will be the rate set by the banks at the time of your transaction.
Verified & Secure
Our site is verified as being authentic and secure through THAWTE. Click the logo to verify.
Privacy
Please rest assured your privacy is a priority to us and we will not release any customer information to third parties.
By ordering with us you will automatically be added to our e-mail list and will be sent 'e-shots' unless otherwise requested.
The amount of e-shots we send is very small, so please rest assured you will certainly not be bombarded!
Delivery
All goods sent within the UK are sent by Royal Mail or UPS and we aim for delivery within 3 working days, unless next day UPS is selected. Overseas delivery may take a little longer and may be subject to delay in customs. Deliveries may be subject to import duties and taxes and the burden lies with the purchases to satisfy charges subsequently incurred.
Returns & Exchange Policy
At Mtroniks we want you to be totally happy with everything you purchase from us. If you have a problem it is very helpful to us if you Indicate what the problem is and whether you require us to take a look at it for you.
We cannot refund to you if you do not have your purchase details!
If any of your items are faulty please let us know immediately on 01943 461482 or by emailing to enquiries@mtroniks.net
and return them straight to us at the address below and we will exchange it for you as quickly as possible.
Please send your returns to:
Mtroniks Ltd.
41A Ilkley Road
Otley
West Yorkshire
LS21 3LP
UK
We very much look forward to being of service to you!
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our site visitors and customers. We fully appreciate and respect the importance of your privacy. We will treat all your personal information as confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in the circumstances set out below). This Privacy Notice explains the type of personal data we may collect, why we need it and how we keep it safe.
It is likely that we’ll need to update this Privacy Notice from time to time, please refer to this notice at your convenience, we’ll notify you of any significant changes.
Version 11/7/2018
1. Controller
Mtroniks Ltd. 41A Ilkley Road, Otley, West Yorkshire, LS21 3LP, UK
(hereafter ”we”)
2. When do we collect your personal data?
There are a number of areas of our website where we will collect your personal data, as follows:
When you make a purchase through our website as a guest or registered user
When you use the contact form on our contact us page
When you sign up as a registered user on our website
When you place an enquiry through our website
When you sign up for our newsletter
When you comment on a blog article
3. What sort of personal data do we collect?
If shopping on our website, we will collect your name, email, telephone, delivery and billing address, IP address (Your IP address may vary unless you have a fixed IP address).
Your order history
Your consent choices
Details of your visits and activity on our website
Information gathered by the use of cookies in your web browser. Learn more about how we use cookies here.
4. Use of Cookies
We use cookies to keep track of your current shopping session to personalise your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping basket at any time; if you do not accept cookies, you will be unable to use this website for shopping purposes. Our site cannot function properly without the use of cookies. Read more about how we use cookies here.
5. How and why do we use your personal data?
We are committed to providing you with a great customer experience, in order to achieve this, we must collect your personal data. Any data we collect is of legitimate interest and is so allowed by the data privacy law. This document outlines the data that is collected through our website.
Please be aware that if you do not wish to share your personal data with us, or refuse certain contact permissions, we are likely to not be able to offer our service to you. For example, you will not be able to place an order through our website.
Here is a list of reasons how and why we use your personal data:
So that you can place an order through our website. If we don’t collect your personal data, such as your name and address, we won’t be able to process your order.
To keep you informed about the status of your order via transactional emails.
To respond to order queries, returns, refunds, complaints etc. We need to keep a history of your personal data so that we can identify you and your order/enquiry history.
To pass to a third party delivery provider. We need to deliver your product through a third party delivery provider, so we must pass your address details to them.
To contact you about special offers, promotions and latest news.
To improve the user experience of our website by analyzing your website activity.
To send you invitations to write a review of your order and products purchased.
6. Who do we share your personal data with and why?
There are a number of circumstances that mean we must share your personal data with trusted third parties. We will not share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside of our organization. We only share your data so that we can facilitate your order and so that we can improve the website user experience on the whole. We only share to those whereby it is directly related to the functionality and marketing of our own website/business.
Here is a list of whom and why we share your data:-
SagePay - this is our primary payment gateway, we must pass them your personal details to take payment.
Data shared: name, email, address, credit card, identification details
PayPal - this is our secondary payment gateway, we must pass them your personal details to take payment.
Data shared: name, email, address, identification details
Royal Mail, ParcelForce, DPD - we need to pass your details to our delivery partner so that your goods can be delivered.
Data shared: name, phone, email, address
Google - so that we can understand our website performance and make improvements
Data shared: Anonymized identification details
7. Your consent to us using your data
During checkout, providing your email address as part of the purchase procedure is not considered consent to use that email for any email marketing purposes and as such the only communication you will receive will be for transactional purposes only.
On various pages on our site, including pages within the checkout flow, you can tick boxes in forms to consent (opt-in) to us contacting you for purposes other than transactional, such as marketing emails, sms and postal material.
If we send you email marketing, there will be a link on the email so that you can easily unsubscribe. You can also update your consent options by logging in to your account and clicking the consent options link.
8. How long do we keep your data?
We need to retain your personal data for as long as you are a customer of ours, this ensures that both ourselves and you, the customer, can view your order history. Your order history is vital should any issues arise with a past purchase, we also use your order history to offer you a better and more personalized user experience. We store the personal data for as long as is necessary considering the purpose of the processing. We also need to retain your data for accouning reasons such as tax, audits etc.
9. How do you manage your communication preferences?
There are a number of ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us:
When logged in to your account, you can go to the page called ‘Communication Preferences’, here you can see the choices you have previously made. From here, you can easily opt-in or opt-out at a granular level
When we send email marketing, there will be a link at the footer of the email that you can click to easily unsubscribe to that mailing list. This will stop any further emails from that particular list
You can write to us as per the contact details in section 14.
10. How do you access the information we hold about you?
You have the right to request access to the personal data we hold about you, this is in the form of your customer record and order history, if you have an account, you can browse this information on our website.
If you would like a copy of that information, you can write to as per the contact details in section 14. Within reason, this information can be provided free of charge.
11. How do we protect your personal data?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
12. What are your rights to erasure?
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to have your personal data to be erased. This would be a rare circumstance as we have legitimate reason to keep your data as per the reasons written in this policy.
We can review your request on an individual basis, to do this, you can write to us as per the contact details in section 14 below.
13. Changes to our privacy policy
Should we make amendments to this privacy policy we will place the amended statement on our website, with an indication of the amendment date. If the amendments are significant, we may also inform you about this by other means, for example by sending an email or placing a bulletin on our homepage. We recommend that you regularly visit our webpage and notice possible amendments to this privacy policy, review these privacy protection principles from time to time to ensure you are aware of any amendments made.
14. Who do I contact for further information
All contacts and requests concerning this privacy policy must be submitted in writing or in person to the person mentioned below:
Data Protection Coordinator
Mtroniks Ltd. 41A Ilkley Road, Otley, West Yorkshire, LS21 3LP, UK