http://www.skyminder.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie policy
Buy a Report
About SkyMinder
What is SkyMinder ?
Data and Sources
Memberships
SkyMinder World
Geographic Area 1 - Sub-Saharan Africa
Geographic Area 2 - Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Ocean Islands
Geographic Area 3 - Europe
Geographic Area 4 - Far East and Central-South Asian Countries
Geographic Area 5 - Latin America
Geographic Area 6 - Middle East and North Africa
Geographic Area 7 - North America
Geographic Area 8 - Oceania
SkyMinder for Business
Credit Management
Supplier Management
Competition analysis
Compliance Management
Business Development
Cyber Risk Management
SkyMinder for you
Evaluate a customer
Assess a supplier
Know your competitors
Meet compliance requirements
Develop your business
Avoid cyber risk
Understand Country Risk
SkyMinder Solutions
Credit Report
Monitoring Solutions
KYC Report
Compliance and Extended Check
KYND Cyber Risk Report
How to assess a Country Risk
SkyMinder API & Partnerships
SkyMinder API
SkyMinder for SAP S/4HANA Cloud for Credit Integration
SkyMinder for Dynamics
SkyMinder for Salesforce
SkyMinder for Ready4 Credit Management integrated in SAP
Credity
About CRIF
Blog
Contact Us
About CRIF
Blog
Contact Us
Buy a Report
Login
Login
Forgot your Password ?
Close
X
SkyMinder
Cookie policy
Cookie policy
share
CRIF S.p.A., with headquarters in Via Fantin 1-3, Bologna (BO), Italy, Data Controller for the processing of personal data, provides the following information regarding the use of cookies on its website, in accordance with EU General Data Protection Regulation n. 679/2016 (GDPR). All other information required by art. 13 of GDPR (e.g. the purposes for which we intend to process the personal data) is contained in the privacy policy, which can be accessed through the link on the site home page.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a text string sent by a web server (for example, the website) to the user's Internet browser, which automatically saves it on the user's computer and automatically sends it back to the server each time the site is accessed. Each cookie contains different data such as, for example, the name of the server it comes from, a numeric identifier, etc. Cookies can remain in the system for the duration of the session (i.e. until the browser used for web navigation is closed) or for longer periods, and may contain a unique identifier code. By default, almost all web browsers are set up to automatically accept cookies. However, each web browser allows cookies to be restricted and deleted (for more information refer to the section in this information notice on “How to enable, disable or delete cookies”). Remember, however, that disabling or deleting cookies may impede the optimum use of some areas of the site or compromise the use of services requiring authentication.
Type of cookies used by CRIF S.p.A.
The CRIF S.p.A. website uses the following categories of cookie:
Technical cookies: technical cookies are those used solely for the purposes of sending a communication on an electronic communications network, or to the extent strictly necessary for the service provider of the information company to provide a service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user. These can be divided into: navigation or session cookies, which ensure the normal navigation and use of the website, analytics cookies, treated as technical cookies where used directly by the website manager to gather information in aggregate form on the number of users and how they visit the site, and functionality cookies, which enable the user to navigate based on a series of selected criteria in order to improve the service provided to the user.
Profile cookies: used to track the navigation of the user on the network and create profiles of the user's tastes, habits and choices. Based on these cookies, advertising messages can be sent to the user's computer in line with the preferences already demonstrated by the user.
Third party cookies: these are set by a website other than the one the user is actually visiting. While navigating the site, the user may also receive cookies sent from other websites or web servers (so-called "third parties"), which may contain certain elements (including, for example, images, maps, sounds, specific links to pages from other domains) present on the website the user is visiting.
Links to third party cookies The issue and use of cookies by third parties are subject to specific privacy protection policies. To ensure greater transparency and convenience, the web addresses for the various information notices and methods for managing cookies are reported below.
How to enable, disable or delete cookies
By default, almost all web browsers are set up to automatically accept cookies. These can be restricted or blocked through the browser settings. If you prefer websites not to save certain cookies on your computer, set up the browser so that you receive a notification prior to saving each cookie. Alternatively, you can set up your browser to reject all cookies or only third party cookies. You can also delete all cookies already on the system. It is important to underline that the settings must be changed separately for each browser and each computer. If you block the saving of cookies, we cannot guarantee the correct functioning of the website. Some functions may be unavailable and it may no longer be possible to view certain websites. Furthermore, blocking cookies does not block advertising. These will simply be no longer customized on the basis of your interests and will be sent more frequently. Settings are changed differently for each browser. If necessary, use the browser guide function to define the correct settings.
For more information about the cookie setting, we link the instructions for the most important browser web:
Internet Explorer™: http://windows.microsoft.com/it-IT/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
Safari™:http://www.apple.com/it/support/
Chrome™:https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=it&hlrm=en
Firefox™:http://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Attivare%20e%20disattivare%20i%20cookie
Opera™:http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/it/cookies.html
For information about the cookies that are installed on your device, about their management and how to delete them, it is possible visit the following website: www.youronlinechoices.com/it/
share
© Copyright 2020 - CRIF S.p.A.
CRIF S.p.A.: via M. Fantin, 1-3 | 40131 Bologna | Italy
Follow us on:
Company with Management System Certified by DNV - ISO 9001, OHSAS 18001
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
SiteMap
Data Protection Policy
My SkyMinder Blog