http://www.rrdonnelley.com/privacy-policy
View all Latest News
About RRD
Careers
Events
Investors
Locations
Newsroom
Teams & Leadership
Contact
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Last updated - July 1st, 2020
RR Donnelley & Sons Company (RRD) and its worldwide subsidiaries (“RRD,” “we”, ”our”) including Precision Dialogue Marketing LLC, are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy applies to data we collect when you use our websites and other online products, mobile applications, and services that link to this privacy policy (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with us. There are various ways that you might interact with RRD, and the data you provide when doing so allows us to improve our services. By using this website (“Site”) and by supplying your details to RRD, you consent to RRD collecting and processing your data.
This privacy policy explains:
What data we collect, and why we collect it
How we use that data
How we protect that data
How you can control your data, including accessing, updating and deleting what we store
How we share or sell data collected
Data We Collect, Share and Sell
RRD may collect or record basic personal data (e.g., name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number) which you voluntarily provide through forms on our Sites, through social media, subscription to our email alerts, electronic mail you send to us, or through other means of communication between you and RRD.
RRD only collects personal data of a more sensitive nature (e.g. social security or other governmental ID numbers, credit card details, account numbers and audio/video recordings) where it is appropriate or necessary for conducting business. RRD will only collect and sell additional sensitive information (e.g. Demographic Information) that you voluntarily provide with explicit consent through participation in our Opinion Center. This data will be collected, stored, accessed and processed in a secure manner. RRD may also collect general non-personal data pertaining to users of our sites, including IP addresses, source domain names, specific web pages, length of time spent, and pages accessed. This data is collected, among other things, to aggregate statistical data, facilitate system administration and improve the Site.
RRD Motif Customer (We Print your Photobooks, Cards and Calendars)
RRD also collects, uses, and discloses identifiable data about individual contacts for RRD's customers (“Business Contact Data”) in the ordinary course of its business for managing and maintaining customer relationships. In particular, RRD may obtain the following types of Business Contact data: name, address, invoice data including bank account data, and order data. Unless otherwise specified or prohibited, RRD may share data with affiliates, business partners, service providers, subsidiaries or contractors who are required to provide you with services which you have requested from us.
RRD may also post links to third party websites as a service to you. These third party websites are operated by companies that are outside of our control, and your activities at those third party websites will be governed by the policies and practices of those third parties. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third parties before disclosing any data, as we are not responsible for the privacy policies of those websites.
RRD Employee Information:
With regard to RRD employee data, RRD collects employee data only for legitimate business purposes, including:
Carrying out obligations under employment contracts and employment, tax and benefits laws, and in connection with other working relationships or arrangements
Employee communications, including development and training programs
Maintaining a global employee directory
HR activity including:
Managing employee compensation and performance
Managing employee hiring (including background checks, references checks) and employee terminations
Voluntarily obtaining employee personal data about family members, including emergency points of contact
RRD Help Desk activity, including audio recordings
Physical Security based video recordings
Employee information on health, performance evaluations and other sensitive employee matters, whether it is stored manually or electronically, is accessible by other RRD employees only if necessary with respect to legitimate human resource functions or issues. Additionally, employee personal/family information is never sold, leased, or rented to any third party. RRD will obtain affirmative consent from an employee before using such employee's personal data for any purpose other than described above.
Employee personal data will never be disclosed to third parties except as follows:
To those retained by RRD as agents for the purposes of providing requested services to RRD
Where required pursuant to an applicable law, governmental or judicial order, law or regulation, or to protect the rights or property of RRD
Where the employee voluntarily provides personal data and the context makes it clear that such data will be provided to a third party.
Where human resource data is transferred from the EU to the US in the context of the employment relationship, RRD will cooperate in investigations by and to comply with the advice of the appropriate EU authorities.
How We Use Data
RRD uses the data we collect to provide you with services which you request and to improve our existing services and the content of our Site. When you contact RRD, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues that you might be facing. Depending on the country in which you live, work or access our Site(s), your data may be retained for a reasonable time for use in future contact with you, or for future improvements to RRD services. In the event the data you provide to us is an application for employment, that application will be held in accordance with our HR records management policy. You have the option to opt-out or opt-in for further communications from RRD.
RRD may also use or disclose your personal data when RRD believes, in good faith, that such use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements, or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of RRD, RRD users, or others. RRD reserves the right to transfer and disclose your data if RRD becomes involved in a business divestiture, change of control, sale, merger, or acquisition of all or a part of its business.
Web User Tracking – Use of Cookies
Cookies are a technology that can be used to help personalize your use of a website. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or decline at any time. To enable RRD to access the effectiveness and usefulness of this Site, and to give you the best user experience, we collect and store data on pages viewed by you, your domain names and similar data. Our Site makes use of anonymous cookies for the purposes of:
Completion and support of Site activity;
Site and system administration;
Research and development;
Anonymous user analysis, user profiling, and decision-making.
In addition, in certain external facing RRD applications and geographical regions, you can accept or decline the use of 3rd party cookies based on your personal preferences.
Please note that when visiting our sites, RRD does not support “Do Not Track” settings with respect to browser or mobile applications.
Security
The security of your personal data is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
RRD uses reasonable measures to safeguard personally identifiable data, which measures are appropriate to the type of data maintained, and follows applicable laws regarding safeguarding any such data under our control. In addition, in some areas of our Sites, RRD may use encryption technology to enhance data privacy and help prevent loss, misuse, or alteration of the data under RRD's control. RRD also employs industry-standard measures and processes for detecting and responding to inappropriate attempts to breach our systems.
Monitoring and Enforcement
RRD regularly reviews our compliance with our privacy policy. We also adhere to several self-regulatory frameworks in addition to complying with applicable law. If we receive formal written complaints, we will follow up with the person making the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities to resolve any complaints that cannot be resolved directly.
Compliance
RRD adheres to US and other international regulations such as:
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Document Act (PIPEDA)
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (for the purposes of Article 3(2) of that Regulation.
ePrivacy Directive (ePD) - Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive (2002/58/EC) Directives (as amended)
California Consumer Protection Act - AB-375 (CCPA)
Consistent with the spirit of International Privacy Regulations, RRD aims to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal data at no cost to the individual. However, as permitted by applicable Privacy Regulations, RRD reserves the right to seek compensation for requests that are unfounded, impose an excessive burden or have a repetitive character.
PIPEDA (Canada)
RRD recognizes and has controls in place to ensure that the privacy of personal data about an "identifiable individual" used in the course of "commercial activity" is protected and managed in such a manner which meets or exceeds the guidelines set out in PIPEDA and applicable provincial legislation.
Privacy Shield (European Union, Switzerland and United Kingdom)
RRD complies with the EU-U.S Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss–U.S Privacy Shield Framework (Privacy Shield) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Union (EU) and the United Kingdom (UK) and/or Switzerland (as applicable) to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield. RRD has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such information. If there is any conflict between the terms of this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit the Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield Website at https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
RRD may obtain in the US the following types of EU, UK and Swiss information: name, address, invoice information including bank account information, and order information (“EU, UK and Swiss Business Contact Information”). RRD uses EU, UK and Swiss Business Contact Information for the following purposes: managing customer relationships, managing orders, tracking payments and ensuring payment, and otherwise maintaining the customer relationship. RRD may disclose EU, UK and Swiss Business Contact Information to its affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, and service providers for the purposes listed above.
In situations where RRD discloses (i.e. onward transfers) EU, UK and Swiss Business Contact Information to any third parties acting as service providers or "agents" on behalf of RRD, RRD will require the recipient to protect the disclosed EU, UK and Swiss Business Contact Information in accordance with the relevant Privacy Shield Principles, or otherwise take steps to ensure that the EU, UK and Swiss Business Contact Information is appropriately protected. With respect to any sharing of EU, UK and Swiss Business Contact Information for the purposes of marketing RRD products and services, RRD obtains guarantees from its affiliates, subsidiaries and business partners that such entities will use and disclose such EU, UK and Swiss Business Contact Information for purposes of marketing RRD products and services only. In cases of onward transfer of EU, UK or Swiss Business Information to third parties pursuant to Privacy Shield, RRD is potentially liable in the event of an improper disclosure. In certain situations, individuals may seek to opt-out of disclosures of their EU, UK and Swiss Business Contact Information by contacting RRD as specified in the “Contacting RRD” section below.
RRD takes appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard EU, UK and Swiss personal data against unauthorized or unlawful processing of, or accidental loss, damage, misuse, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized alteration, or destruction, and maintains reasonable procedures to help ensure that such information is relevant for its intended use, accurate, complete, current and not excessive and that such information is not retained longer than is reasonably necessary.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, RRD is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, RRD may disclose EU, UK and Swiss personal data as necessary in connection with the sale or transfer of all or part of its business, where required or permitted by law, where RRD believes that such disclosures are appropriate in connection with a law enforcement request or as otherwise permitted by the Privacy Shield Principles, or in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities or suspected fraud or in order to comply with, enforce or apply RRD agreements.
European Union, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should contact the RRD Privacy Shield point of contact - at DataPrivacy@rrd.com. RRD will respond to your inquiry within 45 days.
In the event of a reported complaint that RRD does not resolve itself, RRD commits to cooperate with the EU Data Protection Authorities (DPA’s) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and comply with the advice given by the EU DPA panel or Swiss Commissioner with regard to human resource and non-human resource data transferred from the EU,UK and Switzerland to RRD in the United States (US).
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website [https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint], you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Data Processor Activities
RRD operates as a data processor for our business customers located in the US, EU, UK and other geographic locations worldwide. RRD's business customers remain the data controllers with respect to any Customer data that they provide to RRD for our provision of services. RRD therefore acts in accordance with the instructions of such customers regarding the collection, processing, storage, deletion and transfer of Customer data, as well as other matters such as the provision of access to and rectification of this Customer data.
Children's Online Privacy Protection - COPPA
RRD does not sell its services to children. As such, our Sites are designed for adult user interaction. We do not intentionally collect personally identifiable data from children under the age of 13.
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Data
If you have provided RRD with your personal data you have various rights:
If you are a data subject based in the EU (and to the extent that Article 3(2) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 applies to you) and where we control your data you have the right:
(in certain circumstances) to erasure of personal data (and to therefore be forgotten);
to data portability;
to launch a complaint with the office of the Information Commissioner;
to inspect the data stored by RRD for accuracy;
to have the option to opt-out or opt-in for further communications from RRD
via Subject Access Request, to know whether or not we are processing your personal data, the nature of that personal data and the purposes of the processing.
If you are a consumer based in California, US (and to the extent the CCPA applies to you), and where we control your data, you have the right, once your request has been verified:
To request disclosure of personal information collected about you
(in certain circumstances) to the deletion of your personal data
(where applicable) to the right to opt-out of the selling of your personal data
To the right of nondiscrimination for exercising your rights
Where the above does not apply to you, you may have the right to inspect the data stored by us for accuracy, or may request that the data be removed from our files. RRD will make a reasonable effort to comply with such requests except where it would require a disproportionate effort (for example, developing a new system or changing an existing practice). We will require that you verify your identity before we act on a request to edit or remove your data. Please direct any questions about your data to RRD by sending an inquiry to the appropriate contact in the “Contacting RRD” section below.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
RRD may change this privacy policy from time to time. If this privacy policy changes, the revised privacy policy will be posted at the "Privacy Policy" link on the Site's home page. Your continued use of the Site constitutes acceptance of such changes in the privacy policy, except where further steps are required by applicable law.
Contacting RRD
In  North America, the EU, UK and the rest of the world excluding The Philippines, questions regarding RRD's Privacy Policy, including access and deletion requests, should be directed to the RRD at dataprivacy@rrd.com or by calling 1-877-RRD-4411.
In the Philippines, please direct questions to the Data Protection Officer - Philippines at DataPrivacyPH@rrd.com.
PrintIcon for RRD
If You Are An RRD MOTIF Customer
Controller or Processor
We are considered controllers of your personal data that you share with us. This is because we decide the reasons for collecting, holding and using your data. We also decide the ways in which we process your data.
The data we collect, hold or process
We collect, store and use your contact details, such as name, telephone number and email addresses as well as billing and shipping address. You will also create login credentials to our service so you can track your order and view your order history
Data related to your usage of the MOTIF web site or iOS app, such as IP address or Device ID, may be collected for performance, functionality or marketing/advertising purposes, which are set out in the Cookie Policy accessed through a link on the front page of the MOTIF web site or through the cookie pop-up on the MOTIF web site
Special categories of data
We do not collect or hold any personal data relating to your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic or biometric data for the purposes of uniquely identifying you, data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation.
We do not hold any information related to your children unless you have included information about them or photographs of them in your project to be converted into a printed photographic product. This information is kept for a limited duration as described below.
Why we collect, hold or process your personal data
This data was either given to us by you so you can be kept up-to-date with news about the MOTIF app, or you passed it to us so we can convert your photographic images into a photobook, calendar or card; or it was collected with your permission when you visited our website.
Why we are permitted to collect, hold or process your personal data
You have either asked us to keep you up to date with news about the MOTIF app or you wish us to create a photographic product with your data, or you chose to share this information with us when you visited our website.
What would happen if we cannot hold your data
It would not be possible to keep you up to date with news about the MOTIF application and it would not be possible to create and send the completed photobook, calendar or card to you.
How long we keep your data for
Our default position is only to keep personal data for as long as is necessary for us to perform the service for you, in this case, printing photographic products and/or keeping you up to date about the MOTIF app.
We will contact you periodically with news about MOTIF until you tell us you do not need this information any more by unsubscribing from any emails we send you.
Unless you specifically tell us otherwise we will hold your order history for 24 months after the date of your last order in case you wish to review your order history. Your photographic products will be held for 60 days in our repository in case you wish to order a reprint. Your finished photographic product will be held for 21 days at the facilities where they are printed in case there is a quality issue or delivery failure and we need to reprint the product for you.
Periodically, and at least annually, we will carry out a data cleansing exercise to remove any data where messages may have failed or where we believe the data is no longer relevant e.g. through changes in the MOTIF service.
Automated decision making or profiling of you
We do not use your personal data to profile you or to make any automated decisions about you.
Suppliers we use
We use a number of suppliers to help us maintain our interactions with you.
If one of our suppliers has access to and processes your personal data we will check that the supplier keeps your data confidential, has the processes and technology in place to keep your personal data secure and does not use your data for any reason other than in accordance with the set of processing instructions we have agreed with them.
We also make sure that the supplier does not transfer your data internationally without the required permission and legal frameworks in place, and does not sell your data to any third parties.
All the necessary privacy requirements will be put in place through the contracts between us and our suppliers to allow them to hold and process your personal data.
Below are the list of suppliers that may process your personal data as part of your relationship with RR Donnelley through the MOTIF app.
RR Donnelley & Sons
Supplier
Google Suite (Google Mail)
Privacy Notice
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Data Processed
Emails to RRD support teams.
Location
USA
Data held for
7 years
Additional information
Google are Privacy Shield certified
Supplier
Salesforce (Marketing Cloud)
Privacy Notice
https://www.salesforce.com/uk/company/privacy/
Data Processed
Email addresses so marketing communications may be sent to you.
Location
USA
Data held for
Email address details are held until you unsubscribe from the service.
Additional information
Salesforce are Privacy Shield certified
Supplier
Amazon Web Services (web site hosting)
Privacy Notice
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
Data Processed
Email addresses so marketing communications may be sent to you.
Location
USA
Data held for
30 days
Additional information
Amazon Web Services are Privacy Shield certified
Supplier
Cybersource Payment Gateway
Privacy Notice
https://www.cybersource.com/en-EMEA/privacy/
Data Processed
Payment information so you can pay us for your photobook, card or calendar.
Location
USA
Supplier
United Parcel Service (UPS)
Privacy Notice
https://www.ups.com/gb/en/help-center/legal-terms-conditions/privacy-notice.page?
Data Processed
UPS are our delivery partners who will deliver your MOTIF product in Europe.
Location
Worldwide
Supplier
HCL
Privacy Notice
https://www.hcltech.com/privacy-statement
Data Processed
HCL manage our customer services so your personal details such as name, address and contact details will be available to them, but only for the purposes of providing customer services to you.
Supplier
AppsFlyer
Privacy Notice
https://www.appsflyer.com/services-privacy-policy
Data Processed
AppsFlyer provides attribution and marketing analytics services for customers to measure and analyze the effectiveness of their marketing by understanding the download/installation of their applications.
Supplier
Trustpilot
Privacy Notice
https://legal.trustpilot.com/end-user-privacy-terms
Data Processed
Trustpilot is a consumer review website which hosts reviews of businesses worldwide.  We use Trustpilot to request reviews of Motif Photos from existing customers.
Supplier
Mention Me
Privacy Notice
https://mention-me.com/help/privacy_policy/en_US#referrers
Data Processed
Mention Me is a referral marketing software that Motif Photos uses to generate referrals for new customers from existing users.
Supplier
Airship
Privacy Notice
https://www.airship.com/legal/privacy/
Data Processed
Device IDs so that notifications regarding users' Motif projects, use of the app, order status, promotions, and more can be sent.
Location
Global
Data held for
Until Contract Termination
Additional information
Airship are Privacy Shield certified
Other countries your data may be transferred to
We are a global organization and this means some of our systems and offices are located around the world.
As not every country has the same rules and regulations about the privacy of your data we make sure that when we transfer your personal details outside of the European Union (EU) (or wider European Economic Area (EEA)) we protect your data appropriately.
As a business, RRD is part of the Privacy Shield framework (https://www.privacyshield.gov/) which was designed by the European Commission, the Federal Administration of Switzerland and the United States of America (USA) Department of Commerce to protect the personal data and the rights of individuals within the EU, the United Kingdom (UK) and Switzerland if their personal data is transferred to the USA.
You can review our Privacy Shield certification at the following site by searching for RR Donnelley https://www.privacyshield.gov/list. We also have further information on our Privacy Shield certification in the Privacy section of the main RR Donnelley website (https://www.rrd.com/privacy-policy).
If we transfer your personal data to a supplier located within the USA we also require that supplier to be Privacy Shield certified, the same as us; or we put in place Standard Contractual Clauses (also called Model Clauses or Data Transfer Agreements) between ourselves (RRD) and the organization or business that is receiving that data.
If we transfer your personal data to another country outside of the EEA we first check whether the EU Commission has made a finding of adequacy in respect to their privacy laws before we make that transfer. Failing that, we put in place Standard Contractual Clauses (also called Model Clauses or Data Transfer Agreements) between ourselves (RRD) and the organization or business that is receiving that data.
Other useful information
Please review the main body of this privacy notice for information about
Your rights related to your data as a client of RRD
Last Update/Review: July 1st, 2020
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy - French CanadianEuropean Privacy Notice
Scroll to topIcon by RRD