http://www.mii.com/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated on 2020-05-14
The Company respects your privacy and is committed to safeguarding and protecting your privacy in connection with the collection of personal information. The Company may collect your personal information for a variety of reasons. This Privacy Policy contains important information regarding the Company’s privacy practices and the choices it offers individuals with respect to their personal information. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you are telling us that you have read, fully understand, and accept the privacy practices summarized in this Privacy Policy and consent to all actions that are consistent with and described in this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy in its entirety to understand the Company’s privacy practices before submitting any personal information to the Company.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to our collection and use of the personal information that we may obtain in a variety of ways, including through your use of www.mii.com; www.mitek-us.com the site listed on Schedule A and our mobile applications (collectively, the “Sites” and each a “Site”). This personal information may take many forms, including: your name, home or other physical address, email address, telephone number, fax number, organization name, and/or job title.
Note that our Sites may contain links to websites operated by others whose privacy practices are different from the Company’s. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information collected from you through such links or that you may provide on the websites you reach by utilizing those links. The Company is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of websites linked to the Sites or any other websites that are not designed and developed by the Company. You are encouraged to use common sense and review the privacy practices of each website you elect to visit before submitting your personal information.
If you are a California resident, please see the California Privacy section below for information about rights under California law.
We also have a Privacy Shield Privacy Policy that applies to our handling in the U.S of personal information of persons residing in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland. It can be found here. If this Privacy Shield Privacy Policy applies to your personal information, then, with respect to that personal information, the terms of the Privacy Shield Privacy Policy control over any conflicting term in this Privacy Policy.
Summary
Information Collection
We collect personal information from you. This information may include:
information about you that you provide us, for example, by filing out a form on one of our Sites, by contacting us, or by providing us information about you in order to apply for a position or complete a transaction; and
information we collect by automated means when you visit or use our services on any Sites, or, if applicable, when you interact with online advertisements we may place.
Please click here for further information about what we collect.
Information Use
We may use personal information for our internal business purposes, and to comply with our legal obligations, as further described here.
Data Security
We are concerned with the security of your personal information, and we consider the protection of personal information we receive from you as an integral component of our mission of delivering unrivaled software, products, and services to our customers. We deploy a combination of reasonable and appropriate physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, tampering, and unauthorized alteration or destruction of any personal information. We follow generally accepted security standards in our operations to protect the security of your personal information, both internally and from outsiders, and to ensure the integrity of the personal information we process, taking into account the relative risks involved and the nature of the personal information in question. Unfortunately, with any transmission over the Internet, there is always some element of risk involved in submitting personal information. Further information on our security procedures and your responsibility for security can be found here.
Data Access, Integrity, & Choice
To the extent we collect or use any of your personal information, we want that information to be reliable, accurate, complete, timely, and relevant to its intended use. To accomplish this goal, we ask that you keep your personal information current, and we provide individuals with the ability to request data corrections or deletions. We also honor individual rights with respect to personal information as set forth under applicable law.
As a general matter, we must use your personal information for communicating with you and processing any transactions or instructions. In other respects, you may have choices about how we use your information, whether we communicate with you and, if we do communicate with you, what form that communication takes.
For more information regarding your options with respect to access, integrity, and choice, please click here.
Effective Date and Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices, technology, and applicable law. If we make any material changes we will attempt to provide notice in a meaningful way, such as notice for a reasonable period of time next to the “privacy policy” link on our homepage. Regardless, though, we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If you have questions, concerns or requests regarding the Company’s Privacy Policy, or the Company’s collection or use of your personal information, you may contact us at:
MiTek
Attn: Privacy Manager
16023 Swingley Ridge Road
Chesterfield, MO 63017
USA
Further, if you have an unresolved privacy or personal information use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U. S. -based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Specific Policy Provisions
Personal Information
When we use the term “personal information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that identifies, or can be used to identify, an individual. This may take the form of an identification number, name, title, office/work location, e-mail address, payment information, telephone number(s), photo, department, reporting hierarchy, or home address. Personal information does not include information that has been appropriately anonymized or deidentified or information that is publicly available from government records. Note that, under this Privacy Policy, personal information does not include any information you post online that is viewable to the public.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
As further described below, we collect personal identifiers, your relevant job information, commercial information, and Internet activity (website usage) information. In some instances, we may collect geolocation data (such as indicators of your location when using a Site) or audio/video information you submit. If you seek information about or apply for a position, we collect professional or employment-related information, employment information, and other information such as pertinent background details (as obtained in compliance with applicable law). We draw inferences from the personal information we collect, and we use such inferences for the same purposes as the purposes for which the information was collected.
Personal Information You Voluntarily Provide. If you voluntarily provide us with personal information, for example your name, email address, or phone or mobile number, we collect this personal information about you. You may voluntarily provide this information to us in a variety of ways, including by filling out an online form, providing us with personal information in order to initiate or complete a transaction, or by contacting us with questions about the Sites or our products and services.
Personal Information We May Automatically Collect. When you use our Sites and any services provided through the Sites, we may automatically collect information, using cookies and similar technologies, such as :
your browser type and operating system;
Site pages you view;
links you click;
your IP address;
the website you visited before coming to our Site; and
mobile device identifier.
We use this data for Site administration, to assess the traffic to our Sites, to maintain and improve the Sites and our services, and to analyze trends in the aggregate.
We may also use cookies or similar technologies to improve users’ experience on our Sites, for example to personalize features of the Sites for you, to analyze the traffic, such as total visitors to pages viewed on the Sites, and to make improvements based on the data we collect, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Sites or service. To manage Flash cookies, please click here.
We partner with one or more third parties to display advertising on our Sites or to manage our advertising on other websites. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies on the Site in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here [or if located in the European Union click here]
For users of our mobile applications, note that we may use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile applications on your mobile device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Message Boards. Please be advised that if you use public message boards provided by the Company, any information you submit may be collected and used by others. We may but are not obligated to monitor these public message boards, and we take no responsibility for the security or confidentiality of any information posted on such boards.
Job applications. Job application information may be collected by us directly through a Site, in person, or by email. In some instances, job application information may be collected on our behalf by our contracted third-party administrator(s), who are permitted to process the information you provide only for purposes of providing services to us. We process the information to review your job application and for other employment-related purposes consistent with applicable law, including to contact you regarding your application and/or to contact you about other job openings that we believe may be of interest to you. If you are a California resident, please click here to see the California Notice of Collection of Personal Information for Job Applicants.
(Return to Summary)
Use and Transfer of Information
Our Use of Your Personal Information for Internal Business Purposes.
We may use your personal information for our internal business purposes. Such internal business purposes could include, for example, using the information to complete a transaction with you. We may also use this information to contact you for various other business reasons, such as to:
market our products and services to you;
set up your user account;
contact you on behalf of our affiliated companies or external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you;
ask you about your experience with the Company, the Site, or our products and services;
protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions;
determine the effectiveness of our advertising;
allow you to register for MiTek University; and
enforce our Terms and Conditions and otherwise manage our business.
We may provide your personal information to our affiliated companies and to third parties whom we have retained to assist us with our internal business purposes such as an email service provider, platform hosting provider, payment processor, vendors and service providers. We require any third party that handles or has access to your personal information to use such information consistent with our data security and other commitments under this Privacy Policy.
Our Use of Your Personal Information for Legal Purposes. We may disclose personal information as necessary to comply with the law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
We may also disclose certain information:
If we are required to bring, or defend against, litigation, or any regulatory proceeding between, or relating to, you and us, or
If we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may have breached the Terms of Use of one of our Sites or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Sites users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.
Information Transfer. Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country other than the one in which it was provided. This may include the United States. When we do so, we transfer the information in compliance with applicable data protection laws. We take steps to protect personal information no matter what country it is stored in or transferred to. We have procedures and controls in place, as appropriate, to help ensure this.
(Return to Summary)
Posting an Ad. When you post an ad on our Site for machinery that you wish to sell, we may ask you for contact information (such as name and email address), description of the machinery, price or price range, and electronic photo for sale items. You may send as many photos as you like, but we are limited to posting two (preferably one) per machine or line. Your personal information will be used in order for you to be contacted through the Site regarding your ad. Please see the applicable terms for additional details.
Data Security
We take appropriate steps that we believe are reasonable to protect the security of your personal information on our system, both internally and from outsiders, and to ensure the integrity of the personal information we collect. We use a combination of technological, physical, and policy methods to protect this personal information, such as, for example, requiring a password to access our network, employing firewall and system log security, and providing employee policies and training regarding appropriate use of personal information.
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information. Please be aware that we will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail.
(Return to Summary)
Access, Integrity and Choice
Access & Integrity. If you reasonably believe that we hold personal information about you that is, in context, inaccurate, incomplete, untimely, or not relevant to its intended use, you may contact us and request that we correct, update, or delete this information. We will take reasonable steps, as appropriate to the context, to correct inaccurate or incomplete information, or to delete untimely or irrelevant information, upon reasonable demonstration that the information is inaccurate, incomplete, untimely, or not relevant to its intended use. In connection with such requests, we will comply with legal requirements, where applicable. Where no specific legal requirements apply, we reserve the right to: (1) request and obtain reasonable information from you confirming your identity; (2) request and obtain information from you necessary to correct or update the information; (3) reject and/or ignore requests if we determine that such requests are repetitively made, or otherwise lack a good faith basis; and (4) take no further action with respect to your request if you fail to reasonably provide the information described in (1) or (2). We will timely respond to your request.
If you wish to remove your photo from your profile, please delete it by logging into your account or by contacting us at the link provided above.
Choice. When you use our Sites and otherwise provide personal information to us, you acknowledge and agree that we will that information for our internal business and legal purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not want us to continue using your personal information for our internal business purposes, you may request that we stop doing so (opt-out) by contacting us. We will honor your opt-out request where required by law, and in many cases even where not legally required. We may not honor your request if there is a compelling need to further use your personal information, for example, if we are compelled by law to provide your personal information, or we require the use of your personal information for purposes of litigation or investigation, or for other legal purposes. We may also need to keep the information we have collected about you for internal use only, such as for statistical analytics and compliance reasons, to the extent permitted by law.
We also give you choices about how we communicate with you.
Digital / Electronic Communications (examples: email, mobile). As a general rule, we only send you promotional email messages or text messages with your prior (opt-in) consent. You can stop receiving promotional email messages from us by following the instructions provided in connection with such messages, including at the footer of any commercial email message you receive, or by contacting our Privacy Manager as set forth below.
Postal Mail. Where permitted by law, we may mail you unsolicited offers or product information that we believe is of interest to you. You can stop receiving promotional postal mail from us by contacting our Privacy Manager as set forth below. Promotional postal mail may contain opt out instructions, and you can also stop receiving promotional postal mail by following those instructions.
You can also stop receiving promotional email or postal communication from us by contacting our Privacy Manager. Please provide your contact details to enable the Privacy Manager to identify you and complete your request.
PLEASE NOTE: If you choose to stop receiving promotional messages from us, we will honor your request. However, we will continue to send you service related communications.
(Return to Summary)
California Privacy
This section applies to the personal information of California consumers as governed by California law including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
You can request “Do Not Sell My Information” . If so requested, we will not sell the personal information about you that we collect when you visit our Sites, and we have not sold personal information since on or after January 1, 2020, the date the CCPA went into effect. We also do not rent, sell, or share personal information (as defined by California Civil Code § 1793.83) about you that we collect with other people or unaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission.
Under the CCPA, a California consumer has the following rights: to request additional information about our data collection, use, disclosure, and sales practices in connection with the consumer’s personal information; to request the specific personal information collected about the consumer during the previous 12 months; and to request the deletion of the personal information we have about the consumer. A California consumer may not be discriminated against for exercising the consumer’s California privacy rights.
To make a request, you may contact us through the web page located at: https://privacyportal-uk-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/b8e7571f-5f8e-40aa-9ba3-bba5557bd7ad/bf36bd66-b8be-4b31-aa89-d28ff573db1e.html or through our toll free phone number at +1 (888) 914-9661 and please use the PIN 425 782. In most cases, you will be required to provide your name and email address or phone number so that we can verify your request, and in some cases additional information may be required. However, the verification steps we take may differ depending on your jurisdiction and the request. Where possible, we will attempt to match the information that you provide in your request to information we already have on file to verify your identity. If we are able to verify your request, we will process it. If we cannot verify your request, we may ask you for additional information to help us do so. We will respond to your request within the 45-day time period required by applicable law. However, we may not always be able to fully comply with your request, and we will notify you in that event.
Under the CCPA, California consumers may use an authorized agent to make privacy rights requests. We require the authorized agent to provide us with proof of the California consumer’s written permission (for example, a power of attorney) that demonstrates authorization to submit a request for the California consumer. An authorized agent must follow the process described above to make a request, and we will also (a) require the authorized agent to verify the agent’s own identity and (b) confirm the agent’s authority with the California consumer about whom the request was made.
Cookie Policy
We and our service providers and trusted partners use cookies and similar tools to improve the performance and security of our Site and to enhance your user experience. To manage Adobe Flash cookies, please click here.
You may learn more about how to opt-out of receiving personalized advertisements on this browser or device from advertisers who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out options of each of those organizations.
Links to those sites are here:
Network Advertising Initiative:
Browser Opt-Out: https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Digital Advertising Alliance:
Browser Opt-Out: https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Both Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance:
App Opt-Out: https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
Your device may include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” on Android) that allows you to opt-out of having certain information collected through apps used for interest-based advertising purposes. When you opt-out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see online advertising on the Services and/or our ads on other websites.
Schedule A
List of Sites
aegismetalframing.com
buildermt.com
diedrichtechnologies.com
rklbuilding.com
salessimplicity.com
tmiclimatesolutions.com
www.bensonglobal.com
www.blok-lok.com
www.elliswatts.com
www.h-b.com
www.hardyframe.com
www.heatpipe.com
www.mitek-us.com
www.mitek.ca
www.mmmfg.com
www.sapphirebuild.com
www.sideplate.com
www.wrightsoft.com
www.mii.com
Keeping our team members, our families, our customers, and our broader community safe is our top priority. Learn more about our response to COVID-19.