https://www.geartechnology.com/privacy-policy.htm
Privacy Policy
The American Gear Manufacturers Association (“AGMA”, “we”, or “us”) is committed to ensuring the protection of personal data as well as the privacy of our subscribers and website users. The following is meant to explain how AGMA processes and uses certain information collected via our websites. By using our Sites, you consent to the terms of this Policy.
Information collection
We collect personally identifiable information and/or anonymous information from you in the course of your use of our Sites. That includes information you provide to us when you subscribe or register for any of our digital or printed products, services or offerings; sign up for newsletters or promotions; participate in a survey; purchase a product or service; post comments; and/or otherwise communicate with us or interact with the Sites.
Once you have registered or otherwise interacted with us, we create a profile for you. We keep your profile up to date by adding information about your registrations or subscriptions, the content you access, how you interact with our offerings, and the like.
In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with us, information collected through one service may be combined with information collected through another.
Automatic Collection
Some information is automatically collected by the software that serves our web pages, such as your computer’s IP address, operating system, browser type and the time and date of your visit.
Your computer’s IP address, operating system, browser type and the time and date of your visit, as well as additional information, is also collected through the use of “cookies”. Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer by your web browser to give you a unique but anonymous identification.
We use cookies for analytics purposes. This means we may be able to identify your location, IP address, browser type, device type or other limited personal information.
We also use cookies on our sites to keep track of services you have used, to record registration information regarding your login name and password, to ensure you do not repeatedly see advertisements, to record your user preferences and to keep you logged into the sites.
Additionally, we use, and allow third parties to use, various Web technologies on the sites to enable sharing via social networks, to monitor the effectiveness of advertising, to enhance the user experience or for other legitimate purposes.
When you receive newsletters or promotional emails from us, we use web beacons, customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and which links you click, in order to provide you more focused email communications or other information.
How we use the information
We use personal data to process your requests or transactions, provide you with products and services, and inform you about other products or services we think will be of interest. Also, we use the information we collect to:
contact you for administrative purposes or provide you with customer service
complete transactions requested by you
respond to any questions, problems or complaints, or request feedback
organize Sites and various services and activities to better serve you and customize or develop our products and services
send you emails or other communications containing information about products and services that you have requested
Disclosure of Information
We share personal information with third-party vendors who assist us in performing internal functions necessary to operate our business. These functions may include, for example, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance and processing payment transactions. In all cases we limit the information shared with our third-party vendors to that which is necessary to carry out those functions.
We also disclose personal data when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this Policy or our other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our or our users’ rights, property or safety; to protect our users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of, our Site; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay.
In addition, information about our users, including personally identifiable information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing or sale of company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personally identifiable information could be transferred to third parties as one of our business assets.
In some cases, your information may be shared with our business partners. For example, access to some AGMA or other vendors’ data / content requires secure user registration. In those cases, your information may be passed along to the partner providing the content.
In addition, some of our subscribers have opted to receive targeted promotions and e-mails from our advertisers and partners. In some cases, this means your name, job title, company name, e-mail address or similar information may be shared with those partners so that they may more effectively target and deliver such promotions or e-mails.
Data Controllers & Security
AGMA can be considered a data controller and processor under the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and we rely on 3rd parties to process and control data on our behalf. AGMA has chosen vendors that provide the highest standards in data safeguarding, storage and transmission. AGMA designed its platforms and services with built-in data security and privacy services, platform and tools needed to help safeguard sensitive data wherever it resides. AGMA implements appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our sites contain links to other Web sites. Links from our sites to other sites or content are provided for your convenience only, and we do not have control over the content or privacy and security practices and policies of such third parties or other sites. Any personal data you provide on linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information. In the case of a link to an AGMA site, this privacy policy is applicable.
CAN-SPAM
AGMA adheres rigorously to all CAN-SPAM legislation and we always make it easy for opt-in recipients to opt-out of any communication sent on behalf of AGMA. GDPR requires the easy ‘forgetting’ or deletion of user data and AGMA adheres to accommodating these requests. Due to ensuring those users who globally opt-out of email delivery, a unique identifier – an email only in this case – is still stored in our system and/or with our 3rd party processors to ensure that email as an identifier is not added back into our databases.
A user can be added back into our system only if they specifically double opt in via our secure forms to validate the email as owned or authorized by them and then agree to receive communications. All other data associated with a request for deletion will be eliminated from any AGMA system or database.
Updates
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.
Contact
AGMA Chicago Office
1840 Jarvis Avenue
Elk Grove Village, IL 60007
USA
Phone: 1-847-437-6604
This Privacy Policy was updated on January 2, 2020.