http://www.westpharmaservices.co.uk/privacy-policy-2
Home
About Us
About Us
Accreditations
Careers
News
Videos
Services
Design & Build of Custom Machinery
Production Line Automation
Engineering Support
Redundant Machinery Purchased
Machinery Refurbishment, Upgrades & Modifications
View All Services
Products
New Machinery
Used Machinery Sales
Industrial Components
Agencies
West Pharma Represents
Represents West Pharma
Our Projects
Contact Us
Home / Privacy Policy
West Pharmaservices Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will
inform you as to how West Pharmaservices looks after your personal data when you visit our
website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law
protects you.
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how West Pharmaservices collects and processes
your personal data through your use of this website and by using our services.
Simon Jeffery Managing Director of West Pharmaservices is the controller and responsible for your
personal data (collectively referred to as “West Pharmaservices” “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy
notice). If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your
legal rights, please contact Simon Jeffery West Pharmaservices Process and Packaging Machinery
Engineers Collingwood Road, Gundrymoor Trading Estate, West Moors, Dorset, BH21 6QQ Office:
+44 (0) 1202 870890 Mobile: +44 (0) 7496 584385 Email: sales@westpharmaservices.co.uk Website:
www.westpharmaservices.co.uk
Third party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those
links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do
not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When
you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that
person can be identified. This includes name and address but also job title and place of work for
example.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which includes:
Your identity and contact details;
Your place of work and job title;
your bank and payment details when you pay for our services;
Information about how you use our website, products and services, and
your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication
preferences.
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you
and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to provide our services to you.
In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if
this is the case at the time.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
our day to day business dealings in providing our services to you;
filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise;
as you interact with our website, we may automatically collect data about your equipment, browsing
actions and patterns.
We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar
technologies;
by using publicly accessible sources such as Companies House and/or the Insolvency Service; and
via a third party such as your bank or building society or other financial institutions when you pay for
our services.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your
personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to provide the services we have agreed to or are about to agree to;
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) which means the interest
of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service
and products and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any
potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your
personal data for our legitimate interests; or
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the
specific purpose for which we are using your data.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in
relation to sending direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the
right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us on the details above.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data:
To register you as a client of our business, to process and deliver our service, manage payments,
fees, and charges, to collect and recover money owed to us for our services, to manage our
relationship with you, informing you of changes to our privacy policy or terms and conditions, to
administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis,
testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data), to make suggestions and
recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you.
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably
consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original
purpose. Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in
compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Marketing
We may use your data to form a view on the products, services and offers which may be relevant for
you. You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us
or purchased goods or services from us previously and, in each case, you have not opted out of
receiving that marketing.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data
provided to us as a result of providing our services to you or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or
access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may
become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use,
please see our cookies policy.
Disclosures of your personal data
As part of the services we provide to you, we may have to share your personal data with third
parties such as:
Third parties as part of our service to you such as self-employed contractors, machinery companies
which we are partners with.
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services such as Google Drive;
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors, accountants and insurers;
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities; and
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to
our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this
privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance
with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their
own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in
accordance with our instructions.
International transfers
Your information will be held at our offices, by our service providers and in our IT providers data
centres. For us to provide our services to you, from time to time we may have to share your personal
data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). This could include where our service providers are
based outside the EEA (for example our IT cloud services), if you are based outside the EEA, if there
is an international element to the services we are providing or if one of our employees need to
access our data remotely from outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is
afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an
adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission;
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the
Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between
the Europe and the US;
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European
Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe;
Where the transfer is not repetitive, information is limited, the transfer is necessary for our
legitimate interests and those interests do not override your own and we have put appropriate
safeguards in place to protect your data.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being
accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit
access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who
have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and
they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you
and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it
for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal
data. You are entitled to:
request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This
enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are
lawfully processing it. This includes your right to have the data corrected, updated or amended. You
will not normally have to pay a fee for this, but we will let you know if we feel that it is fair to charge
a fee;
Object to and/or restrict processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate
interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which
makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental
rights and freedoms. Please note that in some instances we may have to stop providing our services
to you, but we will notify you if this is the case.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party, for example if you chose to use
another business to provide services to you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your
consent.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer
than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this
case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us. Our contact
details are at the top of this page.
Complaints or concerns
If you have any queries or concerns about the way we process your personal data then please
contact Simon Jeffery. We hope that we can resolve any concerns for you, but if you wish to take
your complaint further you can contact the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) and further
information can be found on their website www.ico.org.uk
Your name
Telephone number
Email address
Product you're enquiring about
I have read and agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy