http://www.ccdarchitects.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Canizaro Cawthon Davis, A Professional Association operates the CCDArchitects.com website.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of information when you use our website.
You agree to the terms in this policy when you use this site.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Contact Information
For a better experience while using our website, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, e-mail address, fax number and postal address.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our website, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address and domain, browser version, pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, the site you came from or what site you visit when you leave our website and other statistics.  We collect this information using tracking tools like browser cookies, flash cookies and web beacons.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
The information that we collect will be used to:
contact or identify you;
to respond to your questions and requests;
to improve our website and update our email lists. For example, we might use cookies to track new or past website visitors.  We may also use tracking tools to see what areas of our site are the most interesting to our visitors; and
for other business purposes. For example, we may use your email address to share client briefings or events.
INFORMATION SHARING
We may also share your information for our business purposes and as legally permitted, including:
if we think we have to in order to comply with the law.  For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena.  We may also share if a government agency requests. We may also share if an investigatory body requests;
with our business partners. If we provide joint services, we share information with business partners; and
for other reasons we may describe to you.
YOUR CHOICES
You can opt out of marketing emails or text messages by following the instructions in any marketing emails you receive. You can also opt-out by sending us an email. To request changes to or to review your information, please send us an email. You may also email us to have your personal information deleted.
You can choose not to provide personal information. However if you don’t provide us with information some website features may not work.  You can also choose to configure browser not to accept cookies. If you do so, however, some parts of our website may not work.
WHERE WE STORE INFORMATION
Our sites are generally operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us may be transferred to the United States. Please also be aware that by using our sites and giving us your information, you consent to such transfer. You also understand that the U.S. may not provide the same level of protections as the laws of your country.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our website;
To provide the website on our behalf;
To perform website-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our website is used.
We want to inform you that these third parties have access to information we collect. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
SECURITY
We value your trust in providing us your information, thus we use industry standard means to protect our website and your information. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  We encourage you to use caution of the internet.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our website may contain links to other third-party sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information practices of that third party site.  Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. The latest version of this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and is effective immediately upon its posting.  Sometimes there may be a material change to this Privacy Policy that we wish to apply retroactively.  If so, we will notify you and obtain your consent to the extent required by law.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.