https://www.mrprint.com/terms-and-conditions
Create an Account
Login
×Close
Shop By Equipment
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
COPYRIGHT
All content on this Internet site is owned or controlled by M&R Printing Equipment, Inc., and is protected by worldwide copyright laws. You may download content only for your personal use for non-commercial purposes. No modification or further reproduction of the content is permitted. The content may not otherwise be copied or used in any other way.
The trademarks, service marks, trade names, and products on this site are protected in the United States and internationally. No use of any of these may be made without the prior, written authorization of the owners of this site, except to identify the products or services of the company.
LEGAL NOTICE
The owners of this site will use reasonable efforts to include up-to-date and accurate information, but make no representations, warranties, or assurances of any kind, either express or implied, as to the accuracy, currency, or completeness of the information provided. This includes, but is not limited to, the implied warranties of merchant ability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. The owners of this site shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to - or inability to access - this site, or from your reliance on any information provided at this site. In addition, the senders of communications to this site or otherwise to the owners of this site, and not M&R, shall be responsible for the content and information, including truthfulness and accuracy, contained in those communications.
This site may provide links or references to other sites. However, M&R has no control over the content of, and makes no representations about, any non-M&R website which you may access through this one. In addition, a link to a non-M&R website does not mean that M&R endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content on, or use of, said website. In no event shall M&R be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, special, or consequential injury or damages for any use of this website, or on any hyperlinked website. This includes, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data on your information handling system, or otherwise, even if we are expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is current, accurate, and free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other items of a destructive nature. Links to other sites are provided only as a convenience to the users of this M&R site.
This site may contain references to M&R products, programs, and services that are not announced or available in your country. Such references do not imply that M&R intends to announce such products, programs, or services in your country. Consult your local M&R business contact for information regarding the products, programs, and services that may be available to you.
This site's Privacy Policy governs any personally identifiable information in electronic communications to this Internet site. The owners of this site shall be free to use or copy all other information in any such communications, including any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques, or know-how disclosed therein, for any purposes. Such purposes may include developing, manufacturing, and/or marketing goods or services, and/or disclosure to third parties.
DISCLAIMER
Products manufactured by M&R Printing Equipment, Inc. (M&R) and its subsidiaries (M&R Sales & Service, Inc., Amscomatic, Inc., and NuArc Company, Inc.) are offered with limited warranties against defects in materials and workmanship. If M&R or its subsidiaries receive notice of such defects during the warranty period, M&R, at its opinion, may repair or replace products which prove to be defective. This warranty extends to the first Buyer only and terminates if the products are transferred or sold to another entity.
Although every effort has been made to provide accurate specifications and are believed to be correct at the time of printing, M&R reserves the right to alter specifications in the manufacture of its products, and does not assume any liability for damages, whether consequential or incidental, that may result from the use or misuse of the indicated specifications. The buyer's rights and remedies, if any, are limited solely to those provided in writing by M&R, its subsidiary, or other manufacturer at the time of sale. Nothing contained herein shall convey any additional rights to the buyer or impose any additional obligations on M&R, its subsidiaries, or any other manufacturer. M&R encourages the use of licensed contractors for the installation of gas, air, and electrical service to this equipment.
It is understood and agreed that Seller's liability for any equipment, whether liability in contract, in tort, under any warranty, in negligence, in strict liability, or otherwise shall not exceed the return of the amount of the purchase price paid by Buyer. Not withstanding the foregoing provision, under no circumstances shall Seller be liable for special, indirect, or consequential damages. The price stated for the equipment is a consideration in limiting Seller's liability. Our warranty as specified is exclusive and no other warranty, whether written or oral, is expressed or implied. M&R specifically disclaims the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
The Gauntlet III is a beast and is built to run 24/7/365.
We have had our Gauntlet III in production for nearly 3 months and have been thrilled with the machine. We have already put over 120,000 impressions on the machine and it is still going strong. We have found that the individual off-contact for each printhead helps with various printing techniques. It is also a plus to be able to adjust in 1/16” increments when needed. Our first job was a 9-color on dark apparel with a 17” print stroke and one flash. We were able to run the machine comfortably at 920 pieces per hour. The addition of the laser for print placements has saved us valuable time where we used to mark our pallets with a T-Square. The touchscreen interface is very user friendly and easy to make adjustments when needed.Having a built-in maintenance schedule [M&R’s Maintenance Minder™] for the machine is another perk and allows management to easily assure that the presses are being properly maintained. We have not had any problems to date with the machine but are at ease knowing that all parts that we could ever need are able to be overnighted to us.Overall, we have seen an increase in our production numbers due to the efficiencies gained with the newest technology on the market. We are able to run as fast as we can clear a screen and dry our underbase. Simply put, the Gauntlet III is a beast and is built to run 24/7/365.
- Steve Rhodes, Owner
Impressionz Printing - USA
M&R proves why they are the leader when it comes to printing equipment.
We have been using our new I-Image STE for about 2 weeks now and it works great. Installation and training was a breeze, could not have been easier. It is the biggest time saver we have ever added to our process. We are printing and exposing screens in less than 90 seconds. Not only does it eliminate film cost completely, it produces screens faster and reduces setup time at the press. On top of that we are holding greater detail than ever before.Once again M&R proves why they are the leader when it comes to printing equipment. Great job guys!
- Phil Rideout, President
R&R Enterprises - USA
The Sprint 3000 Is Superb
The Sprint 3000 is superb and we are really, really happy with it. We've got the recipes dialed in for our inks now and it's running great. We have noticed improvements in the finish on our plastisols, too. They seem to be coming through much softer. Assuming it's because we are much more efficiently curing than with the electric curers!
- Michael Dixon, Production Manager
Awesome Merchandise - UNITED KINGDOM
i-Image ST is the biggest improvement to prepress we’ve ever seen.
Our new i-Image ST is the biggest improvement to prepress we’ve ever seen. It’s eliminated our need for film, and unlike film, digital images are easy to store and retrieve, making blown-screen replacement a snap.i-Image ST has improved our screen quality, increased screen-generation speed, and reduced cost. Screen production is way up because we’ve cut exposure times by 75%. And i-Image has virtually eliminated post-processing screen touch-ups. We could never produce screens of this quality—or at this speed—the conventional way. Our CTS screens are unmatched.Multi-screen jobs come out perfectly registered, and since i-Image ST pre-registers screens for Tri-Loc, our entire prepress process, from screen prep to registration, has been cut dramatically.Our i-Image ST will probably end up being one of the fastest returns on investment we’ve ever had.
- John & Dan Smithline
Guerilla Graffix - USA
M&R makes the most high quality screen printing equipment in the world.
M&R makes the most high quality screen printing equipment in the world. Even with that said, parts get old and can wear out. Usually, at the worst possible time. It’s times like those that we’re glad we chose M&R as our equipment manufacturer. Even years after the sale, we can count on M&R 24/7. They are part of the fabric that is Ink Brigade. An instrumental partner in our success.A frantic call in the middle of the night is always met on the other end of the line by an experienced member of their service staff who expertly diagnoses my issue, and starts the process of solving our problem. No matter the age, or oddball part, the parts department makes sure I’ll have what I need the next morning. My printing crew hardly misses a beat and we don’t miss the deadline. That makes for happy customers and makes me appreciate M&R more and more every year. We rest easy knowing people like Dan Goldberg and the rest of the service and parts departments are working hard for us behind the scenes every day.
- Jamie McParland, Co-Owner
Ink Brigade Screen Printing - USA