http://www.schwartz.co.uk/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
We use cookies and similar technologies, such as tags and pixels (“Cookies”), to personalize and improve your experience as you use our site, and to provide you with relevant online advertising, as addressed in our Privacy Notice. This Cookie Policy provides more information about Cookies, including how we use them and how you can exercise your choices about our use of Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
Cookies are small data files that allow a website to collect and store a range of data on your desktop computer, laptop or mobile device.
Cookies help us to provide important features and functionality on our sites, and we use them to improve your experience. For example, we use Cookies to do the following:
Improve the Way Our Sites Work
Cookies allow us to improve the way our sites work so that we can personalize your experience and allow you to use many of their useful features.
For example, we use Cookies so we can remember your preferences and the contents of your shopping basket when you return to our site.
Improve the Performance of our Websites
Cookies can help us to understand how our sites are being used, for example, by telling us if you receive an error message as you browse.
These Cookies collect data that is mostly aggregated and anonymous.
Deliver Relevant Online Advertising
We use Cookies to help us deliver online advertising that we believe is most relevant to you on our sites and other organizations’ websites.
Cookies used for this purpose are placed on our website by other organizations, and always with our permission. These Cookies may collect information about your online behavior, such as your IP address, the website you arrived from and information about your purchase history or the content of your shopping basket. This means that you may see our advertisements on our site and on other organizations’ websites. You may also see advertisements for other organizations on our site. Measuring the Effectiveness of our Marketing Communications
Cookies can tell us if you have seen a specific advertisement, and how long it has been since you have seen it. This information allows us to measure the effectiveness of our online advertising campaigns and control the number of times you are shown an advertisement.
We also use Cookies to measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, for example by telling us if you have opened a marketing email that we have sent you
Your Choices When It Comes to Cookies
You can use your browser settings to accept or reject new Cookies and to delete existing Cookies. You can also set your browser to notify you each time new Cookies are placed on your computer or another device. You can find more detailed information about how you can manage Cookies at the All About Cookies and Your Online Choices websites.
You can also exercise preferences about Cookies on this site by clicking on the “Cookie Settings” button below.
If you choose to disable some or all Cookies, you may not be able to make full use of our site. For example, you may not be able to add items to your shopping basket, or use any of our products and services that require you to sign in.
Changes to this Cookie Policy
We may modify this Cookie Policy from time to time, so please refer to this page to stay informed about our use of Cookies.
Types of Cookies on this Site
Cookie Settings