http://www.scottrotaryseals.com/privacy/
Get a Fast Quote
877-777-3257
Home
Support
Login Contact Us
Products
Rotary Unions
Custom Rotary Unions
UL Series
SUL Series
AP Series
MT Series
TC Series
OHP Series
HF Series
See All Rotary Unions
Rotary Timing Valves
Custom Rotary Timing Valves
AV Series
WH Series
See All Rotary Timing Valves
Babbitt Bearings
Custom Babbitt Bearings
Babbitt Bearing Services
Products
See All Products
SRS Product Finder
Custom Solutions
Expertise
Case Studies
Company
Company
About SRS
History
Careers
News
Privacy Policy
Get Quote
Share
Updated: 2012-10-15
SRS does not use any of the data provided by you for any other purpose than to offer you features on our website. We do not sell or provide any data to any outside agency.
Disclaimer
While SRS has endeavoured to ensure that all information provided on SRS Internet websites is accurate and up to date, SRS takes no responsibility for any error or omission relating to this information. To the maximum extent permitted by law, SRS will not be liable for any cost, loss or damage suffered by you through your use of SRS's Internet websites or SRS's failure to provide access to these Internet websites or information updates.
Your use of the website is governed by the SRS website Terms and Conditions of Use.
Online Privacy Policy
This online Privacy Policy is provided to make you aware of how SRS collects, uses and manages information of visitors to its websites. SRS and its related entities ('SRS') view the personal privacy of users as an important issue, and are committed to maintaining the security of personal information provided to SRS by users in accessing scottrotaryseals.com. This policy forms part of the terms of use of the website, and describes how SRS treats personal information that it receives through your use of the website.
Please note: SRS may make other external websites available to you from hyperlinks in scottrotaryseals.com. These websites are not subject to SRS's Privacy Policy. You should review the privacy policy of each individual website you access via hyperlinks from this website, and assess whether the policy of each website is satisfactory to you before you use the other websites.
What Information Do We Collect and How Is It Used?
SRS collects information to create a user profile in order to provide you with a personalised experience when you visit scottrotaryseals.com.
Other than stated in the preceding, no attempt is made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect logs, or where SRS believes it is required to collect and produce relevant electronic documentation to fulfil its obligations to third parties, including statutory organisations under local law.
SRS endeavours to use and disclose your personal information only in limited circumstances. SRS will do so if it is necessary to protect any copyright or intellectual property in the material in the website, or if it is necessary to enforce the SRS website Terms and Conditions of Use.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that a website may write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information, such as a userID, that the website uses to track the pages you have visited. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you personally supply. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other websites.
Some parts of the scottrotaryseals.com website use cookies to provide extended features such as file downloads and saving user preferences when you revisit the website. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, providing you with the opportunity to either accept or reject it. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. However, full functionality for registered members of the scottrotaryseals.com websites requires the use of cookies.
Security
SRS takes all reasonable security measures to protect personal information from loss, unauthorised access, destruction, misuse, modification or disclosure. As far as permissible under law, SRS accepts no responsibility for the unauthorised access of personal information held by SRS.
Access to SRS's File Downloads
Access to SRS's File Download features must register by providing:
Company Name
Contact Name
E-mail Address
SRS utilizes this data for the sole purpose of providing a feature rich experience of the website. Examples of how include:
Saving preferences of CAD download formats and versions
Automated method of requesting information
Ability to be notified of press releases or product offerings
View history of downloaded files
All of the above features may not be currently available, and are provided as examples.
Updating this Privacy Policy
The content of this Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, so we suggest that you return to the website on a regular basis and carefully read the information provided.
Back to Top
Products
Rotary Unions
Rotary Timing Valves
Babbitt Bearings
SRS Product Finder
Custom Solutions
Expertise
Case Studies
Company
About
Careers
News
Support
Login
Contact Us
Sitemap
Terms
Privacy
Toll Free 877.777.3257
Main 716.376.0708
301 Franklin Street, Olean, NY 14760
© 2020 - Scott Rotary Seals (SRS). All rights reserved.