https://www.mascomabank.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Locations & Contact
Login
Search
Menu
Home > Privacy Policy
×
Personal Banking
Deposit Accounts
Loans & Mortgages
Rates
Private Banking
Business Banking
Business Deposit Accounts
Business Loans
Additional Business Services
Mascoma Community Development
Financial Literacy
Investing
Giving
Platinum Passport Club
Locations & Hours
Contact Us
888-MASCOMA (627-2662)
B-Corp™
Careers
FACTS
WHAT DOES MASCOMA BANK AND MASCOMA WEALTH MANAGEMENT, LLC DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security number and income
• Account balances and payment history
• Credit history and credit scores
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Mascoma Bank and Mascoma Wealth Management, LLC chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Mascoma Bank and Mascoma Wealth Management, LLC share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
To limit
our sharing
Contact a Personal Banker at 888-MASCOMA (627-2662)
Please note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact our Compliance Department at (888) 627-2662 ext. 4931
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Mascoma Bank and Mascoma Wealth Management, LLC
What we do
How does Mascoma Bank and Mascoma Wealth Management, LLC protect my information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Mascoma Bank and Mascoma Wealth Management, LLC collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• Open an account or provide account information
• Apply for financing or provide your mortgage information
• Make deposits or withdrawals from your account
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
• Affiliates from using your information to market to you
• Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
See below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Mascoma Bank and Mascoma Wealth Management, LLC do not limit sharing by account but rather by individual. Therefore, your choices will apply to all of your accounts with Mascoma Bank and Mascoma Wealth Management, LLC.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Mascoma Wealth Management, LLC is an affiliate of Mascoma Bank
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Mascoma Bank and Mascoma Wealth Management, LLC do not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. Our joint marketing includes securities broker dealers and insurance agencies.
Other important information
Vermont Residents – Except as permitted by law, we will not share information we collect about you with nonaffiliates or affiliates unless you authorize us to do so.
Online Banking
Mortgages
Checking
Loans & Credit
Business Banking
Investing
Private Banking
Quick Find
Leaving Mascoma Bank
×
You are leaving the Mascoma Bank website. We cannot be responsible, nor guarantee, the information, content, presentation or accuracy of the subsequent website. The linked website may have a different privacy policy and we recommend that you review those policies.
Stay
Proceed
Mascoma Community Development
×
The site you are being directed to belongs to Mascoma Community Development, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Mascoma Bank. Products and services are offered through Mascoma Community Development, LLC, a registered certified development entity.
Stay
Proceed
SBA Interim Final Rule
×
The following document is provided by the Small Business Administration (SBA) and is not associated with Mascoma Bank.
Stay
View PDF