http://www.adjustersinternational.com/privacy-policy/
Logo
Adjusters International Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 20, 2012This web page describes the privacy practices of Adjusters International, Ltd., (“AI” or “we”) regarding the collection and use of personal or corporate information that you provide to us through the website located at adjustersinternational.com and/or aidrc.com, however this website is accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices, or otherwise (“Website”). Please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy apply only to information gathered online through the Website. They do not apply to information that you may submit to us offline or to Websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link.AI may modify the provisions of this privacy policy from time to time. The new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted. Your continued use of the Website following posting of the changes will mean that you accept those changes. Please check this page periodically to ensure that you are aware of any change.By visiting our Website, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the Website.Types of Information We GatherAI collects personal identifiable information (“Personal Information”) from you under the following circumstances:
When you sign up to receive e-mail newsletters from us
When you request for additional information, customer service or other assistance
When you participate in special events
When you participate in surveys, panels, or market research
In conjunction with your employment inquiries or applications
When you participate on social media accounts involving AI properties
When you participate in communities, chat rooms, and other interactive services
Any other place on the Website where you knowingly volunteer personal information
In addition, when you interact with the Website, our servers may keep an activity log that does not identify you individually (“Non-Personal Information”). Generally, we collect the following categories of Non-Personal Information:
We may collect certain demographic data such as age, gender, and five digit zip code as part of collecting personal information
We collect and store certain device information about your computer, mobile device, or other device that you use to access the Website. This information may include IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information.
We automatically log certain usage information about your use of the Website. This information includes a reading history of the pages you view. We use this information to provide you a more customized experience on the Website.
We collect and store additional “traffic data” such as time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, access times, and referring website addresses.
We collect and store your search terms and search results when using the search function on the Website.
We also collect and store certain other information regarding our users’ use of the Website so that third parties may provide us reports and analysis regarding usage and browsing patterns of the Website.How We Use Information We Gather About YouWe use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Websites. We use your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the following ways:
For editorial purposes
Respond to your inquiries
Communicate with you about changes to our policies
Personalize content and experiences on our Website, including providing you recommendations based on your preferences
Send you newsletters and information about special events by e-mail or other another medium
Process your employment application
Optimize or improve our products, services and operations
Research and development
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Websites and their usage patterns
Manage our business
How We Share Your InformationExcept as disclosed below, we don’t sell, barter, give away, rent or permit anyone outside of AI to use or access your Personal Information.We occasionally use third-party agents, affiliates and partners to perform functions such as marketing, analytics, providing requested services, providing customer service, etc., on our behalf. These entities have access to the Personal Information needed to perform their functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of any personal information collected from the Website. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Website.We may also use or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Website; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Website or our users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents or the users of the Website or the public.We will use or disclose the Non-Personal Information as we determine in our sole discretion.Cookies and IP AddressesWe use “Cookies” in order to personalize your visit to our website and enhance the experience by gaining a better understanding of your particular interests and customizing our pages for you. A cookie is a message given to a web browser by a web server which is then stored by the web browser in a text file on your computer. Each time the browser requests a page from the server this message is sent back which enables the user to be identified. We also collect your IP address when you visit the site to better understand how to serve our clients.We may use the information provided by cookies and IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, or for research and marketing purposes to help us better serve our clients. No information which personally identifies you will be collected through the cookies. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie so you have the chance to accept it and can set your browser to turn off cookies. No personally identifying information from you will be collected as part of these cookies.LinksThe AI Website may contain links to other websites belonging to partners, clients and other sites of interest to our users. AI does not control the privacy practices of these other websites. Please be aware of that this privacy policy will not apply to such other websites.Public AreasPlease remember that any information you share in public areas, such as message boards or feedback sections, becomes public, and therefore this privacy policy does not apply to any information you choose to make public. Please be careful about what you disclose, and do not post any personal information that you expect to keep private.SecurityAI protects your personal information with several security measures. In addition to normal precautions such as physical security and firewalls, we have strict internal security policies that govern the use of data collected on this Website. Nevertheless, please understand that while we try our best to safeguard your Personal Information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.Children Under 13This Website is not targeted to children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not use this Website.Published in the United StatesThe Website is published in the United States and is subject to laws of the United States. If you are located in a country outside the United States and voluntarily submit personal information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States. AI will not be liable under any circumstances for damages resulting from use of information collected from visitors to the Website.Information Sharing and Disclosure to New OwnersWe may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Website. We may also sell certain assets associated with the Website. As a result, please be aware that in such event we may transfer some or all of your Personal Information to a company acquiring all or part of our assets or to another company with which we have merged. In such event, your Personal Information may be subject to a different privacy policy which we will make available on our Website.Privacy Questions and ComplaintsIf you have any questions regarding this policy, if you would like to opt-out of receiving e-mail messages and newsletters from AI or if you believe that AI has erroneous or incomplete information about you, please e-mail us at info@adjustersinternational.com.Your California Privacy RightsCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of AI who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of their personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to info@adjustersinternational.com.