http://www.trans-lux.com/legal#privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Markets
PRODUCTS
Fair-Play Scoreboards
TL Vision LED Displays
Gallery
RESOURCES
FAQs
LED Glossary
Support
COMPANY
About / Leadership Team
Careers
History
Investor Relations
News
CONTACT / ORDER
LEGAL
Website Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyTrans-Lux, Inc.
BY USING THE TRANS-LUX WEBSITE, YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE.
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to the Trans-Lux, Inc. &lpar“Trans-Lux” or “We”&rpar website. By accessing, downloading pages, or using the site, or any Content provided on or via the site, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions &lpar“Terms of Use”&rpar, our Privacy Policy, and all applicable laws. We may revise the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and the revised Terms of Use and Privacy Policy will be effective when posted.
Minors are not eligible to use this site.
Site Content
Through the site, you have access to Content, where “Content” is defined to include web pages, data, text, images, photographs, graphics, audio and video files, documents, product and service data sheets, flyers, white papers, press releases, and any other materials we may post or make available from time to time. Unless otherwise noted, all the Content remains the intellectual property and copyrighted work of Trans-Lux or, in cases of trademarks of other organizations and some licensed materials used on the site, the property of their respective owners, and is not part of the public domain. Trans-Lux reserves the right to add, change, or remove content at any time and without notice.
Use of Content
You may view, download, and print Content that Trans-Lux makes available through the site subject to the following conditions: &lpara&rpar the Content may not be modified or altered in any way, and all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices remain intact; &lparb&rpar the Content may be used only for informational, non-commercial purposes or to further your business relationship with Trans-Lux and/or our authorized dealers; and &lparc&rpar the Content may not be sold or redistributed in any way without prior written consent from Trans-Lux.
Your Content
Trans-Lux does not, and will not, accept idea submissions, confidential information, or trade secrets from you through this site or in connection with this site. If you submit any information to us, you agree that you have the lawful right and authority to do so, and that by providing information to us you understand that it will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and that we may use it in any way we see fit without communication or compensation to you or anyone else.
Disclaimer
This site, and the Content provided therein, have been prepared with reasonable care and are provided free of charge for site visitors. Trans-Lux makes no representations about the suitability of the Content, and all Content is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without warranty of any kind. Any Content accessed, downloaded, or otherwise obtained through the use of this site is at your own discretion and risk. In no event shall Trans-Lux be liable to any party for any damages whatsoever &lparincluding, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, consequential, lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs, or loss of data&rpar. If you have any concerns about the potential downsides of these risks, do not use the site.
Applicable Laws
This site is owned by Trans-Lux, Inc., and operated and administered from within the United States. You are responsible for complying with all the local laws of your location. These Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, USA, and you agree that any disputes arising from or relating to these terms and/or your use of the site will be resolved within the jurisdiction of the courts located in the State of New York, regardless of where the site servers are located, where you might be located, or the location where you accessed the site. If any of the terms of this agreement are found to be invalid, all other terms shall remain in full force and effect.
PRIVACY POLICY
Trans-Lux is committed to your privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us.
Personal Data
“Personal data” is information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact an individual. It includes a variety of information such as name, mailing address, phone number, email address and contact preferences.
General Policy
We collect personal data for various business purposes, and may share contact information and other details of web site users with our authorized dealers and service organizations if we believe in good faith that it is required to provide information and/or services that are requested or desired by those users. Unless compelled to do so by law, Trans-Lux never sells, exchanges, or otherwise reveals personal data relating to site users of www.Trans-Lux.com to any other party or organization for other purposes.
Information Logging
Trans-Lux uses log files to track trends of web site activity. Log files capture IP addresses, browser types, OS types, hostname data and the time of each page request. Log file data is used within www.Trans-Lux.com for service development, monitoring, and improvement.
Contact Policy
You may be contacted by Trans-Lux sales staff, or by the staff of authorized Trans-Lux dealers and/or agents if you have requested white papers or email updates, or had other prior contact with the company. From time to time, Trans-Lux or our agencies may send email updates to users that have requested them. If you do not wish to receive these updates, you can opt out at any time.
Changes
This Policy is subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page.
© Trans-Lux Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Sales Terms