http://www.amsale.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Bridal
Bridesmaids
Evening
Swatches
Book an Appointment
Stories
Bridal
Ready to Ship
Amsale
Nouvelle Amsale
Little White Dress
Accessories
Amsale X You
Bridesmaids
Amsale
Nouvelle Amsale
Amsale Swatches
Nouvelle Amsale Swatches
Amsale X You
Swatches
Amsale Bridesmaids
Nouvelle Amsale Bridesmaids
Book an Appointment
Book a Virtual Appointment
Visit NYC Salon
Store Locator
Events
Alterations
FAQ
Stories
Our Story
Real Brides
Blog
Press
Search for products
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Privacy Statement
Maintaining your trust in our brand is important to AMSALE. We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of all consumers who visit our website(s), therefore, All “personal information” that you give to us will be protected and kept confidential in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Privacy Policy. We collect certain information when you visit our U.S. site www.amsale.com (the “Site”), in order to improve your shopping experience and allow us to better communicate with you regarding our products and services. This privacy policy is intended to assist you in understanding what information we gather when you visit the Site, how we use that information, and the safeguards we have in place to protect the information. This privacy policy only applies to information we collect at www.amsale.com. By using and submitting information to our Site, you are agreeing that we may collect, use and disclose the information we collect in accordance with the purposes and uses identified in this policy. For other terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site, please review our Legal Statement.
Information we collect online
Personal Information
For purposes of this privacy policy, “personal information” means any information by which someone can be personally identified, including name, address, telephone number, email address, billing and account information, credit or debit card information, and other information incidental to providing goods or services. AMSALE collects personal information from you only when you voluntarily provide us with this information, such as when establishing an account or adding information to your account such as by setting up a wish list, or address book entries; entering a contest; taking a survey; contacting us with a comment or question; requesting a catalog; signing up to receive emails about our latest products and services; or applying for a job online.
Browsing Information; Cookies
When you visit the Site, our web servers may automatically recognize certain non-personally identifiable information about you, such as your domain name, access provider, IP address, and browser language. The Site may also use a browser feature known as a cookie, which assigns a unique identification to your computer. The information collected from cookies allows us to provide better customer service to you and improve features of our Site in a variety of ways, including by determining whether you have visited the Site in the past and which pages of our Site you have visited. We also may use cookies and/or a technology known as clear gifs to help us confirm your receipt of and response to our emails and to provide you a more personalized experience. Please note that certain pages of the Site may not function properly if cookies are turned off. Please consult your web browser’s Help documentation for more information about how to turn cookies on and off your browser. We may use third party advertising companies to serve AMSALE advertisements on our Site or other sites you may visit. To accomplish this, these companies may employ anonymous cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness and understand your visits to our Site and other web sites. These selected companies may also provide this information to us which we may use for marketing purposes.
Unsolicited Materials
Please do not provide us with unrequested materials, including but not limited to business, advertising, creative, marketing or any other types of proposals, concepts, know-how, ideas and the like (“Unsolicited Materials”). All Unsolicited Materials that we receive will not be subject to this Privacy Policy. By submitting any Unsolicited Materials, you agree that AMSALE shall have the sole discretion as to how to utilize such Unsolicited Materials and you automatically provide to AMSALE a perpetual, royalty free license to use and exploit the Unsolicited Materials in any manner in its sole discretion. If any Unsolicited Materials that you provide to AMSALE are protected by third party copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights, you agree to indemnify AMSALE against any claims or actions brought against AMSALE relating to AMSALE’s use or possession of the Unsolicited Materials. AMSALE shall have no obligation to return any Unsolicited Materials received by AMSALE.
How we use your information
AMSALE uses personal information collected on the Site for the following purposes:
for the specific purpose for which it was volunteered (for example to respond to an email, or to provide you with information you have requested);
to improve the content, appearance and utility of the Site;
to understand your needs and preferences;
to develop, market, sell or provide products and services;
to conduct surveys, research and evaluations;
to manage and develop our business and operations;
to detect and protect AMSALE and other third parties against negligence, fraud, theft and other illegal activities;
as permitted by, and to comply with, any legal or regulatory requirements, process or provisions; and
if you submit a resume online, we may use the information you provide solely for the purpose of evaluating you as a candidate for employment and to contact you about prospective employment.
In order to serve you better, we may combine information you provide to us on the Site with information you provide to us in other ways, such as in our retail stores, and with information from third parties including demographic or public information.
How we may share your information
AMSALE may share your information collected on this Site with its subsidiaries or affiliated companies. AMSALE also may share your information with selected third parties who provide services to us, including to monitor Site activity, serve Site content, help to maintain our customer database, administer emails, surveys, or contests and administer and maintain employment application information. Such third parties may have access to, store and process your personal information to provide services on our behalf, which may occur in the United States or in countries outside of the United States. Our service providers are not authorized to use your information for any purpose other than to provide the contracted services. We also must always reserve the right to disclose information about you as required by law, in response to legal process including law enforcement requests, and where needed to protect the safety, property, or legal rights of users of the Site, or of AMSALE or its affiliates or third parties. Occasionally we may provide a link to a third party website, for example to conduct a survey for AMSALE. If you elect to provide your personal information on that third party website, this information will be subject to that third party website’s privacy policy and security practices. AMSALE is not responsible or liable for any content presented by or contained on any independent website, including, but not limited to, any advertising claims or marketing practices. AMSALE also is not responsible or liable for any privacy or security policies of these third party sites. In the unlikely event that AMSALE or substantially all of its assets are acquired by another company, or due to any merger, reorganization or liquidation, AMSALE’s customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets. Your personal information will remain subject to any pre-existing privacy policy unless you consent otherwise.
Managing your personal information
To allow us to serve you better we encourage you to regularly review and update your personal information.
You may obtain upon request a summary of the personal information on record with AMSALE. You also may request that AMSALE correct any such personal information about you, remove such information from its marketing databases, or dispose of any or all personal information about you.
To make any request described above, or if you have any questions about this privacy policy, send an email to info@amsale.com or contact:
AMSALE Customer Service318 West 39th StreetNew York, New York, 100181-888-AMSALE-1 or 1-212-971-0170M-F 9:30 am – 5 pm EST
When contacting us, please be sure to provide us with your exact email address, name, mailing address and/or telephone number(s) in order to be sure we handle your request correctly. Following any of these requests, some of your personal information may be retained for a period of time; for example, to process a pending transaction you have made through the Site, to follow-up on a request, resolve a dispute, or for similar reasons. Some personal information also may continue to be stored on “back up” files for financial, legal or technical reasons. If you do not wish to receive email from AMSALE in the future, please email us at info@amsale.com to be removed from our email list.
You can also unsubscribe from AMSALE emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email that you have received from AMSALE that contains such link.
Updating this policy; notices
AMSALE reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this privacy policy at any time. You should check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to this privacy policy will be considered your consent to those changes. In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, to the extent we have your email address, we may notify you by email.
Effective date
This policy is effective February 18, 2008.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
You've successfully added a dress to your bag!
Color
Size
Bodice Size
Skirt Size
Skirt length
Dress length
Price
$
Quantity
Total:
$
You've successfully added a dress to your bag!
Please ensure you’ve reviewed our size Guide for measurements & sizing accuracy prior to placing your order.
All of our dresses are made to order and are non-returnable.
For exceptional service and to ensure we deliver your dress on time, please tell us your event date & bridal party name.
Event date
Field is required
Bridal Party / Bride name
Field is required
Submit
Save your progress?
Once your progress is saved, you can visitthis page anytime to continue where you left off.
You need to be logged in to use this feature.
Redirecting to login page in 5s