https://www.gpbullhound.com/terms-privacy/
What we do
Insights
Team
Our firm
What we do
Sectors
Software
Digital Media
Marketplaces
Fintech
Digital Services
Practices
Investment Banking
Investment Management
Corporate Responsibility
Insights
Team
Our firm
Our firm
About us
Offices
Shop
Events
Brand
Press
Terms & Privacy
The contents of this website (“Website”) are intended to provide general guidance on matters of interest and the services provided by GP Bullhound Group (including GP Bullhound Holdings Ltd, GP Bullhound LLP, GP Bullhound AB and GP Bullhound Inc. and their respective affiliates and subsidiaries collectively referred to herein and on this Website in general as “GP Bullhound”, “us”, “we” or “our”) and you should not act or refrain from acting upon any information contained on it without seeking appropriate professional advice. Nothing on this Website constitutes advice, nor does the transmission, downloading or sending of any information create any contractual relationship. Nothing on this Website should be construed as a solicitation or offer, or recommendation, to acquire or dispose of any investment or to engage in any other transaction, or to provide any investment advice or service.
The Website is provided on an “as is” basis and GP Bullhound does not guarantee or warrant that the Website or the information contained on it is complete or free of errors or viruses or that access to the Website will be uninterrupted or without delay. GP Bullhound accepts no liability or responsibility whatsoever for any loss or damage arising as a result of any decision or action taken or refrained from as a result of information contained on the Website or as a result of your use or misuse of the Website.
Links to third party websites are provided as a convenience to the reader and GP Bullhound does not control and is not responsible for any of those websites or their content.
All copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in the Website and its content (including without limitation the Website design, text, graphics and all software and source codes connected with the Website) are owned by or licensed to GP Bullhound or otherwise used by GP Bullhound as permitted by law. Should a user of the Website download material on the Website for personal or non-commercial use, the user must retain all copyright, trade mark or other similar notices contained in the original material or any copies of the material. Save as expressly permitted in this paragraph, material on the Website may not be downloaded or used for any public or commercial purpose without the prior written permission of GP Bullhound and nothing in this Website should be construed as conferring any licence or right to use any trade mark or copyright of GP Bullhound or any of its related entities.
GP Bullhound reserves the right to terminate your access to this Website, without notice, if GP Bullhound, in its sole discretion, believes that your continued use of the Website or any of its contents is in violation of any applicable law or is harmful to the interests of GP Bullhound.
This legal statement and all terms and conditions on this Website are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
GP Bullhound LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales, registered number OC352636, and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under Firm Reference Number 527314. Any reference to a partner in relation to GP Bullhound LLP is to a member of GP Bullhound LLP or an employee with equivalent standing and qualifications. A list of the members of GP Bullhound LLP is available for inspection at its registered office: 52 Jermyn Street, London SW1Y 6LX. GP Bullhound AB is an appointed representative of GP Bullhound LLP.
GP Bullhound Asset Management Limited is a private limited company registered in England and Wales, registered number 08869750 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under Firm Reference Number 647003.
US securities and investment banking services are offered through GP Bullhound Inc. located at One Sansome Street, Suite 3650, San Francisco, CA 94104, USA. A copy of GP Bullhound Inc.’s business continuity plan can be found here. GP Bullhound, Inc. is regulated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA ”) and is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (“SIPC”).
DATA PRIVACY
The GDPR and related EU data protection laws apply to organizations worldwide that process personal data of EU citizens. Protecting your personal data, your confidential information and your privacy is important to us, therefore we apply the same level or protection whether you are an EU citizen or not. How we use your information is explained in our Privacy Notice.
CANDIDATES
Data protection privacy notice for candidates: We advise all candidates to read the information set out below before submitting an application.We advise all candidates to read the information set out below before submitting your application form and CV, or immediately if you have already submitted your application form and CV. GP Bullhound Group (“the Firm”, “us” or “we”, as represented by GP Bullhound Holdings and its affiliated entities) is a data controller in respect of your personal data. We are responsible for ensuring that we use your personal data in compliance with data protection legislation. This notice serves to explain what personal data (“information”) we will collect about you, how we collect it, how we will use it and how we may share information about you. We are required to notify you of this information under data protection legislation. Please ensure that you have read and understood this notice (“privacy notice”) and any other similar notice we may provide you with when we collect or process personal information about you. Our Data protection privacy notice for candidates can be found here.
WEBSHOP
Specific terms and conditions apply when you as a consumer place an order via www.gpbullhound.com and related pages. The General Conditions applicable for Customers that are consumers are available here.
About us
Careers
Team
Offices
Corporate Responsibility
Terms & Privacy
Legal & Regulatory
Copyright @ GP Bullhound 2020