http://www.cfglife.com/privacy
You are hereHome
Privacy
For purposes of this policy, "personal information" means any information concerning a natural person, as opposed to a corporate entity, which, because of name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify that natural person.
Information Collected Automatically When You Visit this Website
The following information is automatically collected and stored each time you visit this website:
the Internet Protocol Address and domain name used, but not the e-mail address (the Internet Protocol Address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer);
the type of browser and operating system you used;
the date and time you visited this site;
the web pages or services you accessed at this site; the website you visited prior to coming to this website;
the website you visit as you leave this website; and
any forms you downloaded.
None of the foregoing is deemed to be "personal information". We use this information for statistical analyses of site usage. We may share it with our business partners, although we will do so in aggregate form only and not in a personally identifiable form.
We may use session cookies to customize your visit to this website. Cookies are simple text files stored on your web browser to provide a means of distinguishing among users of this website. These cookies do not contain personal information and do not compromise your privacy or security. We may also use the cookie feature to store a randomly generated identifying tag on the device you use to access this website. A session cookie is erased during operation of your browser or when your browser is closed.
We may also use "persistent cookies" when, for example, you register for certain features or services. Such cookies are stored on your computer's hard drive and allow this website to recognize you when you visit again and tailor the information presented to you based on your needs and interests. The software and hardware you use to access the website should allow you to refuse new cookies or delete existing cookies. Refusing or deleting these cookies may limit your ability to take advantage of some features of this website.
Information Supplied by You When You Visit This Website
You may communicate with us during your visit to this website by sending an e-mail or initiating a transaction such as a survey, registration, or order form. All information in your communication, whether solicited or unsolicited, is deemed to be voluntarily supplied by you. This includes your e-mail address as well as the text, audio, video, graphic and digital data in your communication.
We collect and disclose this information for any purpose reasonably ascertainable from the nature and terms of the communication, such as responding to you; forwarding it to another entity for appropriate action; improving this website and providing goods, services, and information. We will not, however, sell or otherwise disclose your e-mail address for commercial purposes without your knowledge or consent.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children or create profiles of children through this website. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an e-mail or through an online transaction will be treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or state law, be subject to public access. We strongly encourage parents and teachers to be involved in children's Internet activities and to provide guidance whenever children are asked to provide personal information online. If you become aware of a child's use of this website, please contact the Webmaster.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through This Website
The collection and disclosure of information obtained through this website is subject to the Internet Security and Privacy Act, the Freedom of Information Law, California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and the Personal Privacy Protection Law. As stated previously, we collect and disclose personal information only upon your consent, which we deem to occur, for example, when you send us an e-mail or initiate an online transaction.
Columbian Financial Group does not sell personal information of policy holders or visitors to our website. Regardless of your consent, we may collect or disclose personal information if:
necessary to perform our statutory duties or necessary for us to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation;
done pursuant to a court order or by law;
for the purpose of validating the identity of the user; or
the information is to be used solely for statistical purposes and is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person.
We may also disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce our rights against unauthorized access to our IT assets or against other inappropriate use of this website.
Accessing Personal Information Collected Through this Website
Information collected through this website is retained in accordance with commercially reasonable standards. You may submit a request to determine whether personal information pertaining to you has been collected through this website. Your request must be in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of your identity (e.g. verification of your signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known only to you) or similarly appropriate identification. Your request should be sent to our Home Office by regular mail or by email.
Within five (5) business days of the date of the receipt of a proper request, we shall:
provide access to the personal information;
deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefore; or
acknowledge receipt of the request in writing along with the approximate date when the request will be granted or denied, which date shall not be more than thirty (30) days from the date of the acknowledgment.
If, following such a request, we find that:
we have collected personal information pertaining to you through this website; and
the information should be provided to you;
we will also inform you of your right to amend or correct the personal information under the procedures set forth in section 95 of the Public Officers Law.
Confidentiality of Personal Information
We are strongly committed to protecting personal information against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We use reasonable procedures to safeguard the integrity of our information technology assets and we limit access to only those who need it in the performance of their duties.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided through this website.
Links
This policy does not apply to other websites with links on our website. Once you link to another website, you are subject to the terms and conditions of that website's privacy policy.
Contact Information
For questions regarding this Website Privacy Policy, please contact the Home Office.
Last updated 12/17/2019