http://www.comfirstcu.org/resources/privacy-policy/
×
Stay Safe. Branches open 10 to 5p, M-F. Here for Good!
Any Question, Ask Maggie
ATM Locations
En español
Online Banking
Remember Username?
Register
Forgot Username
Online Login
Launch Mobile App
Download-ComFirstVISA
Vineyard Home on Vine Hill & Guerneville Road
Clearlake Sunset by Member Lyle Madeson
Viney Bikers by Member Dr. John Cushman
Southward Sonoma Coastline by Member Dr. John Cushman
We Ain't Afraid of no Big Banks!
Spring Lake by Member Sara Glashan
Previous
Next
Privacy Policy
At a glance
Community First Credit Union
1105 N Dutton Ave Santa Rosa, CA 95401 707-546-6000 info@comfirstcu.org
Effective: June 1, 2019
Your privacy is very important to us. We have prepared this privacy notice so that we can better communicate our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This policy is linked from the footer of every page in our website to make it easy to find.
The Information We Collect
Aggregate Information
Our web server automatically collects aggregate information about the visitors to our website. Our server logs contain the IP address of the computer visiting, the date, the files requested, and the type of platform making the request. It also collects the referring information passed to the website by the previous website. This information is the basis for statistics that allow us to better serve our visitors and meet their needs. None of this information will identify neither an individual user nor any personal information such as their name or email address.
Similar to most websites, we may also place a small bit of code, called a cookie, on your computer to help us determine in aggregate how many return visitors we have to the website. If you create a user account with us, we may also use a cookie to allow you to avoid entering your username and password each time you visit the website. Lastly, we also use session cookies, which expire the moment you leave the website to identify an individual as they pass from page to page so that we may maintain variables such as the items in your shopping cart.
Supplied Information
At various points on our website we may expressly ask you to supply us information in order to provide you a service or allow us to contact you in the future. This collection is always completely voluntary.
The way we use information
We use the aggregate information collected to better tailor our website to meet the needs of our visitors, such as the total number of visitors and pages viewed, the pages most visited, and from what sites they arrived. It is impossible to identify any individual’s personal information with this data.
The information we collect will be used to accomplish the appropriate task. Information collected for an email newsletter will be used to send you an email that contains our online newsletter.
Additionally, we may use the information to contact you in the future about offers that we feel you may enjoy, however, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
We never sell, rent, or lease your information to any outside parties without your express consent.
How you can access or correct your information
You can obtain all the personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us at the above address. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows the error and we will correct it promptly.
Children under the age of 13
Our website does not target children under the age of 13 and thus we will not knowingly collect data from them. We value the privacy needs of these children and encourage parents to be an active participant in their child's online activities and interests. We abide by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) requirements. If we discover personal data from a child that has been provided through our website, we will remove the information immediately.
Links to outside websites
Our website may contain links to outside websites that are outside of our control. These websites may have a different policy in regards to privacy and thus we cannot be responsible for their actions and business practices. If you are in doubt or have any concerns, look for the privacy policy on their website.
Changes to this policy
As the need arises, we may need to change this policy by updating this page. Please check back to ensure any revised policies continue to meet with your approval. By using this website, you agree to our policies as outlined in this document.
How to contact us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us at the above mailing address, phone number or email address.