http://www.camdevelopment.com/privacy.htm
Quality Software for Home and Business
Menu
Home
Products +
Products
Business Card Designer Plus
Label Designer Plus DELUXE
Print Designer GOLD
Mail Label Designer
Alpha Journal Pro
My Personal Diary
Alpha Key Saver
Support
Downloads
Purchase
About
Privacy Policy
At CAM Development your privacy is very important.  All
personal information you provide to us, is considered strictly confidential.  We
NEVER share your information with other parties, period!  Please read on for more detailed information.
Credit Card, Bank Account and Other Financial Information
CAM Development receives a notification of a successful transaction from our e-commerce providers, but does
not receive credit card, bank account, or any other financial information when a payment is
processed.
Stored Personal Information
We store the name, address (if provided) and email entered on your order form in order to fulfill orders for products you purchase. Your email address is used only to deliver digital products and to send update notifications for new versions and special offers from CAM Development.  Mailing list members may opt-out from mailings at any time using the unsubscribe link available in our email messages.  Name and email address are required to remain stored in order for licenses to remain valid.
Cookies
A cookie is a very small text file that web sites often ask your browser to store on your computer so that
the information stored there may be retrieved by that same web site at a later time.  CAM Development
makes minimal use of cookies to save states but does not store any personal information.
Adware, Malware and Tracking
CAM Development does not use any type of adware or tracking technology.  All downloadable files on our
site are scanned for malware and viruses before being uploaded and verified to be 100% clean.
Additionally, all our software includes uninstalled support which removes all installed files upon
uninstall.
Log Files
Like most web site host servers, ours keeps log files.  These include internet protocol (IP)
addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time
stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movements, and gather broad
demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable
information.
External Links
This site may contain links to other sites.  While we keep external links to a minimum and only link
to other sites that have been verified as being safe at the time the link was created, CAM Development is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
Company
Home
About
Contact
Sitemap
Blog
Products
Downloads
Purchase
Policy
Privacy
Linking
Copyright © 1994 - 2020 CAM Development. All rights reserved.
About | Contact | Privacy