http://www.unitybank.com/policies
Menu
Personal
Banking
Accounts
Checking
Savings
Services
Online & Mobile
UChoose Rewards
Lending
Residential Mortgages
Home Equity & Personal Loans
Credit Cards
Customer Resource Center
All Resources
Applications & Forms
Calculators
Check Reorder
Coin Counter
Foreign Currency
Notary Public
Safe Deposit Boxes
Payments
US Savings Bonds
Videos
True Checking
Truly Free and Flexible! With unlimited check writing and no teller transaction fees.
Learn More
Business
Banking
Accounts
Business Checking
Business Savings
Lending
Business Loans
Credit Cards
Services
Escrow Account Services
Merchant Services
Online & Mobile
Customer Resource Center
All Resources
Check Reorder
Applications & Forms
US Savings Bonds
Payments
Videos
Calculators
Convenience Services
Business Checking
Learn More
Rates
Checking
Savings
CDs
Mortgages
Consumer Loans
Resources
Login
Search
Site Search:
Policies
/ Security & Policies / Policies
Privacy Policy
Ethics Policy
Website Content Disclaimer
Funds Availability
Privacy Policy
Download as PDF
Swipe tables to view full content.
FACTS
WHAT DOES UNITY BANK DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and assets and income
Account balances and payment history
Account Transactions and deposit history and parties to a transaction
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Unity Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Unity Bank Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes —
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s),respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes —
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes —
information about your creditworthiness
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We Don't Share
To limit our sharing
Call 800.618.BANK – our menu will prompt you through your choice(s) or
Visit us online: www.unitybank.com
Please note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Call 800.618.BANK or go to www.unitybank.com
Who We Are
Who is providing this notice?
Unity Bank and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates.
What We Do
How does Unity Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Unity Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or deposit money
pay your bills or apply for a loan
use your ATM or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as consumer reporting agencies, affiliates, or other companies
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for additional information.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
When you choose to limit sharing it applies to your information only unless you tell us otherwise. Any joint account holders must opt out separately.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include Unity Bancorp Inc., Unity Investment Services Inc., and Unity Financial Services Inc.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
We do not sell, share, or provide personal information to non-affiliates such as retailers and advertisers.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include companies who provide marketing services on our behalf and other financial institutions.
Other Important Information
Telephone Communications - if you communicate with us by telephone, we may monitor or record the call. Our privacy policy is available for your convenience at unitybank.com
MEMBER FDIC
EQUAL HOUSING LENDER
FORM 09/2020
Submit a Request to opt-out of affiliates sharing.
Ethics Policy
Introduction
Unity Bancorp, Inc., Unity Bank (collectively, "Unity") regards the working relationship with customers, clients and other organizations as paramount and equally regards the integrity demonstrated by all directors, officers and employees as indispensable to that effective relationship.
Unity Bank Core Values Test in situations where you are uncertain what to do, ask yourself these questions:
Is the action legal?
Does it comply with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and related policies?
Does it reflect our Core Values (Unity Bank Commandments)?
Would I be comfortable if my friends and family knew about it?
Would it be OK if other employees did it?
Would it keep Unity Bank and our shareholders from experiencing loss, harm, or unnecessary risk?
Does it feel like the right thing to do?
If you answered “no” to any of these questions, don’t do it.
The general rule of thumb to follow is: If you know it’s wrong, don’t do it. If you’re not sure, ask yourself the questions above. If you still are unsure on what to do, speak with your supervisor or the Human Resources Director. Keep asking until you have clarity on following the right path.
Anyone who works for, with or on behalf of Unity Bank has the responsibility to demonstrate the highest standards of business conduct. This Code of Business Conduct & Ethics applies to all officers, directors, employees and contractors of Unity Bank, our subsidiaries and our affiliates. Anyone who violates the spirit or letter of the Code may face disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Therefore, it is the policy of Unity that all directors, officers and employees observe and comply with the following:
Conflicts of Interest
No director, officer or employee shall directly or indirectly enter into or maintain a relationship with another business, financial concern or individual when such relationship is in conflict with or prejudicial to the interest of Unity or would appear to cause a conflict of interest. If doubt exists regarding restrictions, prior approval by the Board of Directors or employee's supervisor is required.
No director, officer or employee shall be permitted to make or to influence any decisions, to negotiate or to influence any contracts or purchase orders, to undertake assignments or to evaluate such assignments on behalf of any business, financial concern or individual which is in conflict with or prejudicial to the interest of Unity or would appear to cause a conflict of interest.
An officer or employee must notify their immediate supervisor and the Human Resources Manager regarding full time or part time employment outside Unity. No employee shall be engaged in outside employment where certain functions performed might interfere in any manner with the proper and effective performance of duties at Unity or appear to create a conflict of interest.
Code of Ethics
No director, officer or employee shall engage in any activity and/or conduct on Unity property that is viewed as contrary to Unity's policy of ethical and proper behavior.
No director, officer or employee shall subject or appear to subject Unity to public criticism or embarrassment.
No director, officer or employee shall directly or indirectly avoid job responsibilities as related to cash and security accountability.
No officer or supervisory employee shall avoid actions of disciplinary administration.
A director, officer or employee witnessing or having knowledge of wrongdoing against Unity must divulge this information to the appropriate supervisor, member of management, or the Chairperson of the Audit Committee without fear of recourse.
No director, officer or employee shall accept the tangible or intangible items of value, gratuities or special favors from any organization or individual, which participates or seeks to participate in company business. This is a total bar on soliciting or receiving anything of value as a quid pro quo or as a "gratuity" in connection with any transaction with Unity or its subsidiaries. This statutory prohibition does not include unsolicited advertising or promotional materials of nominal value. Acceptance of food, refreshments and accompanying entertainment on infrequent occasions in the ordinary course of a business meeting or inspection tour where the individual is properly in attendance at Unity's request is permissible. If any doubt exists as to the propriety of the acceptance of an item of value, the individual must have the prior approval of the President of Unity or the designee of Unity's President. Any violation of this policy will result in disciplinary action up to and including termination.
Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations
Each director, officer and employee must at all times comply in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Each director, officer and employee must comply with applicable rules and regulations of all U.S. and non-U.S. governmental entities and other private and public regulatory agencies, including any exchanges on which Unity's securities may be listed.
As a public company, it is of critical importance that Unity's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") be accurate and timely. Depending on their position with Unity, an employee, officer or director may be called upon to provide necessary information to assure that Unity's public reports are complete, fair and understandable. Unity expects employees, officers and directors to take this responsibility very seriously and to provide prompt accurate answers to inquiries related to Unity's public disclosure requirements.
Financial Statements and Other Records
All of Unity's books, records, accounts and financial statements must be maintained in reasonable detail, must appropriately reflect Unity's transactions and must conform both to applicable legal requirements and to Unity's system of internal controls. Unrecorded or "off the books" funds or assets should not be maintained unless permitted by applicable law or regulation.
Confidentiality
Each director, officer and employee must maintain the confidentiality of all information entrusted to them by Unity or its customers that is treated by them as confidential, except when disclosure is authorized by Unity or legally mandated.
Confidential information includes all information that may be of use to Unity's competitors, or that could be harmful to Unity or its customers, if disclosed.
Compliance with the Code
Each director, officer and employee must report promptly any violations of this Code. Failure to report a violation can lead to disciplinary action against the person who failed to report the violation which may be as severe as the disciplinary action against the person who committed the violation.
A possible violation of this Code by an employee other than a Unity officer should be reported to the supervisor of the employee who commits the violation. However, any employee may report any possible violation to Unity Bank’s Human Resource Director.
A possible violation of this Code by a director or an officer of Unity should be reported to Unity Bank’s Human Resource Director. If an employee believes that in a particular situation it would not be appropriate to report a possible violation by a director or officer to the Human Resource Director, the employee may also report the possible violation to Unity's principal executive officer, to the Chairman of the Audit Committee, or to any other officer or director of Unity Bank to whom the employee believes it would be appropriate to report the possible violation.
The identity of the person who reports a possible violation of this Code by another will be kept confidential, except to the extent the person who reports the possible violation consents to be identified or the identification of that person is required by law.
Possible violations may be reported orally or in writing and may be reported anonymously.
Non-Retaliation
Unity Bank has a zero-tolerance policy for intimidation or retaliation against individuals who make good-faith reports of known or suspected violations of this Code, any Unity Bank policy or procedure, or any law or regulation.
Reporting Concerns
Whenever possible, you are encouraged to raise questions and concerns directly with your manager, or someone in your department’s reporting line with whom you feel comfortable talking. In many cases, your manager can resolve issues, or help guide you through the appropriate process. If you are not comfortable doing so, the following resources are also available to you:
Human Resources Director at 908-713-4302
LIGHTHOUSE Anonymous Reporting Hotline at 800-401-8004
(www.lighthouse-services.com/unitybank)
Chairperson of the Audit Committee at 908-340-4041
Investigations
The Bank investigates every concern that employees report through any channel. Every report of a violation is taken seriously, and we will protect confidentiality to the fullest extent possible. You are required to cooperate fully with any authorized internal or external investigation, including, but not limited to, those involving ethical issues, legal or regulatory issues, or policy violations. You should never withhold, tamper with or fail to communicate relevant information in connection with any investigation. Making false statements may be grounds for immediate termination. If the investigation determines a violation has occurred, prompt corrective action will be taken, up to and including termination.
Change in or Waiver of the Code
Any waiver or amendment of any provision of this Code must be approved by Unity's Board of Directors.
No waiver of any provision of this Code with regard to a director or officer will be effective until that waiver has been reported to the person responsible for the preparation and filing of Unity's reports on Form 8-K (or any successor to that form) in sufficient detail to enable that person to prepare a Report on Form 8-K containing any required disclosure with regard to the waiver. Unity will promptly disclose on Form 8-K, by means of the filing of such form and dissemination by the Internet or by other electronic means, any change in or waiver of the Code.
Any waiver of provisions of this Code will be reported in filings with the SEC and otherwise reported to Unity's stockholders to the full extent required by the rules of the SEC and by any applicable rules of any securities exchange or securities quotation system on which Unity's securities are listed or quoted.
Notice and Sanctions
Directors, officers, and employees of Unity Bank shall hereby be put on notice that violations of Federal and State regulations concerning conflicts of interest and usurpations of corporate opportunity jeopardize the good standing and financial health of Unity Bank and that such violations will be regarded by the Board with utmost concern.
Directors who are found to have violated these regulations shall be required (i) to return to Unity Bank any benefits received and/or (ii) to resign from the Board.
Officers and employees who are found to have violated these regulations (i) shall be required to return to Unity Bank any benefits received and (ii) shall be subject to dismissal.
A copy of this policy shall be given to all directors, officers and employees at the time of this initial appointment to the position.
Matters Not Covered by This Statement
The Board recognizes that it is impossible to define every practice that could constitute an objectionable conflict. The omission of any specific policy of limitation or prohibition noted above, however, shall not be regarded as approval of practices or conditions not specifically covered, and the Board of Directors will take appropriate action to prevent and eliminate conflicts when circumstances so warrant.
Website Content Disclaimer
PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THESE TERMS OF USE BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
INTRODUCTION AND USER AGREEMENT
This Terms of Use Agreement (the "Agreement") sets forth the terms and conditions for your use of this web site (the "Site"). The Site is owned and operated by Unity Bank ("Unity Bank" or "We"). By using the Site, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to be legally bound by this Agreement, you should exit this Site immediately.
We reserve the right to amend this Agreement at any time and will notify you of any such changes by posting the revised Agreement on the Site. You should check this Agreement periodically for changes. All changes shall be effective upon posting. Your continued use of the Site after any changed to this Agreement constitutes your agreement to be bound by any such changes. This Agreement was last updated on July, 2004. Unity Bank may terminate, suspend, change, or restrict access to all or any part of this Site without notice or liability.
RESTRICTIONS ON THE USE OF SITE CONTENT
This Site contains text, data, photos, images and product and other information (collectively, "Content") that is proprietary to Unity Bank or its Content providers. You acknowledge that this Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media, and technologies existing now and hereinafter developed. You also acknowledge that the Content is and shall remain the property of Unity Bank or its Content providers (each a "Contributor") who have been involved in the preparation or publication of the Content. You may not modify, transmit, participate in the sale or transfer of, or create derivative works based on any Content, in whole or in part. Subject to your full compliance with this Agreement, You may print copies of the Content, provided that these copies are made only for personal, non-commercial use and that you maintain any notices contained in the Content, or maintained by the Contributor, such as all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices. You shall not store electronically any significant portion of any Content. Unity Bank authorizes you to view and use the Content on this Site solely for your personal, noncommercial use. The use of the Content on any other Site, including by linking or framing, or in any networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited without Unity Bank's prior written approval.
TRADEMARKS
Unity Bank (including the Unity Bank logo), are trademarks or service marks of Unity Bank. Other company, product, and service names and logos used and displayed on this Site may be trademarks or service marks owned by Unity Bank or others. Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the Unity Bank Trademarks displayed on this Site. We prohibit use of any of the Unity Bank Trademark as part of a link to or from any site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by us in writing.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
If you believe, in good faith, that any materials on the Site infringe your copyrights, notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent, in accordance with Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) (under the "Digital Millennium Copyright Act") to Unity Bank's designated agent. Notification should include: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material you claim is infringing is located on the Site; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or duly authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
NONE OF Unity Bank, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, PROVIDERS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, AGENTS OR INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS (COLLECTIVELY THE "Unity Bank PARTIES") GUARANTEES THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF ANY OF THE CONTENT. THIS SITE AND ALL OF THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR TITLE. ADDITIONALLY, THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES AS TO THE RESULTS OF YOUR USE OF THE CONTENT. THE Unity Bank PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE Unity Bank PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL PUNITIVE OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) OF ANY KIND WHETHER IN AN ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE CONTENT, THE SITE OR ANY THIRD PARTY SITE TO WHICH THIS SITE IS LINKED. Unity Bank IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THIS SITE IS TO STOP USING THE SITE. IF THE FOREGOING LIMITATION IS FOUND TO BE INVALID, YOU AGREE THAT THE Unity Bank PARTIES' TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, OR CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY KIND OR NATURE SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Unity Bank Parties from and against any and all claims, losses, expenses, or demands or liabilities, including attorneys' fees and costs, incurred by the Unity Bank Parties in connection with any claim by a third party (including any intellectual property claim) arising out of (i) your use of the Site in violation of this Agreement or in violation of any applicable law. You further agree that you will cooperate as reasonably required in the defense of any such claims. The Unity Bank Parties reserve the right, at their own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and you shall not in any event settle any such claim or matter without the written consent of Unity Bank.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
This Site may contain links to web sites controlled, owned, and operated by third parties (the "Third Party Sites"). Unity Bank cannot control and has no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information provided on the Third Party Sites. You acknowledge that use of any Third Party Sites is governed by the terms of use for those websites, and not by this Agreement. Links to Third Party Sites do not constitute an endorsement by Unity Bank of such sites or the content, products, advertising or other materials presented on such sites, but are for your convenience and you access them at your own risk. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITES, NOR DO WE MAKE ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE CONTENT (OR THE ACCURACY OF SUCH CONTENT) ON ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITES, AND Unity Bank SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER IN RELATION TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING.
DEALINGS WITH ADVERTISERS
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers or other third parties found on or through the Site, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that we are not responsible nor shall we be liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertiser on the Site.
USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Unity Bank's practices and policies with respect to the collection and use of personally identifiable information is governed according to Unity Bank's Privacy Policy.
USER CONDUCT
You agree to use the Content and Site only for lawful purposes. You are prohibited from any use of the Content or Site that would constitute an illegal offense, give rise to liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation.
USER MUST COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE LAWS
This Site is based in New Jersey, United States. Unity Bank makes no claims concerning whether the Content may be downloaded or are appropriate for use outside of the United States. If you access this Site from outside of the United States, you are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction.
COMPLIANCE WITH EXPORT LAWS
The United States controls the export of products and information. You expressly agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export any of the Content to countries or persons prohibited under the export control laws. By downloading the Content, you are expressly agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited or are a person or entity for which such export is prohibited. You are solely responsible for compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of the Content.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Failure by Unity Bank to enforce any provision(s) of this Agreement shall not be as a waiver thereof. This Agreement and all other aspects of your use of the Site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. All claims and disputes arising out of this Agreement or your use of the Site, other than actions for specific performance or injunctive relief brought by Unity Bank, shall be exclusively brought in the federal, state, or local courts located in New Jersey, and, with regard to such claims and disputes, you hereby irrevocably (i) submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction over you by those courts and (ii) waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. Any cause of action you may have with respect to the Content, Site or this Agreement must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arose, or be barred. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be enforced to the fullest extent possible, and the remaining provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. You many not assign this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, without Unity Bank's prior written consent. Subject to that restriction, this Agreement will be binding on, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable against the parties and their respective successors and assigns. Neither the course of conduct between parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of the Agreement. All rights not expressly granted herein are hereby reserved.
CONTACT US
If you have questions regarding the Agreement or the practices of Unity Bank, please contact us by phone at 800.618.BANK(2265) or by regular mail at Unity Bank, 64 Old Highway 22, Clinton, New Jersey 08809.
Funds Availability Policy
Download as PDF
Swipe tables to view full content.
Same Day Availability
Next Day Availability
(Next Business Day following the day of deposit)
$225 on the Next Business Day after the day of deposit. Remaining funds on the second business day after the day of deposit.
Electronic Direct Deposit
Wire Transfer
Made Payable to You:
US Treasury Checks
Checks drawn on Unity Bank
Federal Reserve Bank Checks
Federal Home Loan Bank Checks
Postal Money Orders
Cash
Made Payable to You:
NJ State & Local Government Checks
PA State & Local Government Checks
Cashier's Checks
Certified Checks
Other Teller's Checks
Local Checks
Your Ability to Withdraw Funds
Our policy is to make certain funds from your check deposits available to you on the first business day after the day we receive your deposit. Electronic direct deposits and wire transfers will be made available on the day we receive the deposited funds. For determining the availability of your deposits, every day is a business day, except Saturdays, Sundays, and federal holidays. If you make a deposit on a business day at any one of our branches prior to closing time, we will consider that day to be the business day of your deposit. However, if you make a mobile deposit after 4:00 p.m.; a deposit at a proprietary ATM after 3:00 p.m.; or a remote deposit capture deposit after 6:00 p.m. on a day the Bank is open, we will consider the deposit to be made on the next business day.
Longer Delays May Apply
In some cases, we will not make all of the funds that you deposit by check available to you on the first business day after the day of your deposit. Depending on the type of check that you deposit, funds may not be available until the second business day after the day of your deposit. The first $225 of your deposits, however, may be available on the first business day.
If we are not going to make all of the funds from your deposit available on the first business day, we will notify you at the time you make your deposit. We will also tell you when the funds will be available. If your deposit is not made directly to one of our employees, or if we decide to take this action after you have left the premises, we will mail you the notice by the day after we receive your deposit. If you will need the funds from a deposit right away, you should ask us when the funds will be available. In addition, funds you deposit by check may be delayed for a longer period under the following circumstances:
We believe a check you deposit will not be paid
You deposit checks totaling more than $5,525 on any one day.
You redeposit a check that has been returned unpaid.
You have overdrawn your account repeatedly in the last six months.
There is an emergency, such as failure of computer or communications equipment.
We will notify you if we delay your ability to withdraw funds for any of these reasons, and we will tell you when the funds will be available. They will generally be available no later than the seventh business day after the day of your deposit.
Last Revision: 05-27-2020
CARD CONTROL
protect and manage your debit card
Click Here For More Information
Navigation
Policies
Opt Out Form
ATM Tips
Security
Print this page
Speedbump Modal Called Incorrectly!
I Understand
Cancel
Simple Modal Called Incorrectly!
Close
×
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Learn how to protect against cybercrime and identity theft and keep yourself up to date with current contests and offers from Unity Bank.
Name:
Company Name:
Email:
Close
Subscribe