http://www.thesnellgroup.com/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
HomeInfrared Training Infrared CoursesInfrared Training ScheduleLive IR Webcasts & On-Demand WebinarsOnline Infrared CoursesOn-Site Infrared TrainingInfrared ServicesInfrared ConsultingEMT Training EMT CoursesEMT Training ScheduleLive EMT Webcasts & On-Demand WebinarsOn-Site EMT TrainingEMT ServicesEMT Consulting
Tweets by TheSnellGroup
HomeTerms of Use Terms of Use
Print This PageProprietary RightsWhile The Snell Group provides the information contained on the web site to anyone visiting, all materials contained on this web site, including postings by others on Disqus, are subject to copyright, trademark and trade name protection laws. You may not distribute the text or graphics to others without the express written permission of The Snell Group, and/or the owner of the information. Also, you may not "mirror" this information or include it on your own server or documents without our permission. Provided you obtain prior written permission from The Snell Group, you are welcome to duplicate, store, and print copies of all information provided here for personal use, with the understanding that The Snell Group retains the property copyright, trademark and tradename on all media, including video, audio, text, graphics and photographs. You are of course allowed (and encouraged!!) to reference hypertext documents on this site from your own documents. To those who post information to this site, The Snell Group is not responsible for copyright infringement.Disclaimer InformationThe Snell Group provides information on this site as a service to our customers and the infrared thermographic community at large, and reserves the right to change the contents of the information without notice. Efforts have been made to ensure that the information contained on this site is correct, accurate and up-to-date; however The Snell Group is not liable for the accuracy, completeness, and/or reliability of the contents of the information provided herein. In no way does The Snell Group endorse any of the comments made in the various interactive forums, such as the Disqus Messageboards. Information is provided on an "as is" basis. No liability whatsoever is accepted for any damage caused by the use of this information. Also, this site may be linked to other sites that are not owned or maintained by The Snell Group. We are not responsible for the content, security, or use of information you obtain from those sites. The inclusion of a link to other sites does not imply a recommendation or sponsorship of the sites. The Snell Group disclaims any liability for those links. Additionally, The Snell Group cannot guarantee that any electronic commerce is secure.SecurityThe Snell Group has taken reasonable steps to make your electronic commerce transactions with us a safe experience. A Thwate SSL certificate is utilized. Our web site is hosted on dedicated servers located in a secure datacenter. Physical access is strictly limited to datacenter personnel only.PrivacyView The Snell Group website Privacy Policy."In-Person" Course Cancellations and RefundsPayment is due in full 10 days before the start of all courses. The Snell Group accepts checks, money orders, bank drafts, AMEX, Visa and MasterCard. Purchase Orders are accepted with approved credit. Until payment is received, a student is not guaranteed a seat in a class.If a student cannot attend the course, a substitute may be sent at no additional cost. If the student cancels greater than one week before the start of a class, The Snell Group will refund their payment minus a $50 service fee or will transfer them to another Snell Group course. If a student cancels less than one week before the course, The Snell Group will refund their payment minus a $150 service fee. For cancellations within three days of the start of a course, or if a student does not show up at the course, there is no refund.Regardless, we guarantee our work. If after attending a course and applying the new techniques you learned in our program, you feel that the course was not of value, we will refund your tuition.Online Course Cancellation & RefundsIt is your responsibility to ensure that you have chosen and enrolled in the correct course. Please make sure that you have carefully read and reviewed the course description and that you have allotted and scheduled an appropriate amount of time to take the course(s) you enrolled in.The types of issues that will not be considered for a refund include: technology-related issues such as poor ISP performance; unexpected issues with your time allotment to take the course; selecting and accessing the wrong course; and accessing the course and changing your mind about taking the entire course.A refund is available only if you do not access the course at all. If it has not been accessed, a 100% refund is available and your credit card account will be credited. In order to qualify for refund consideration, you must contact us with a full explanation within three business days of purchase. If the course has been accessed, there will be no refund available. In extremely rare cases your extenuating circumstances may entitle you to a refund. Please contact us within three business days of purchase, with a full explanation of your situation, and we will consider it on a case-by-case basis.Any and all disputes arising out of use of this website will be subject to the law and jurisdiction of the courts of Vermont, USA.
United States Headquarters322 N Main StSuite 8Barre, Vermont 05641Tel: +1.802.479.7100Fax: +1.802.479.7171Toll-Free: 1.800.636.9820Email: info@thesnellgroup.comUnited States Midwest Office4427 SW Admiral Byrd DriveLee's Summit, MO 64082-8585Tel: +1.802.479.7100Fax: +1.802.479.7171Canada4981 Hwy 7 East, Unit 12ASuite 198Markham, Ontario L3R 1N1Tel: +1.905.508.3305Fax: +1.802.479.7171