http://www.zvulony.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home1 / Privacy Policy
Zvulony & Company Professional Corporation (the “Law Firm”) maintains a strict privacy policy and is committed to protecting your personal information.  The Law Firm has implemented this privacy policy to let you know exactly how and when we will use any personal information that we may collect from you. We promise that we will only use your personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.
This policy was last updated on December 7, 2016.
This privacy policy complies with the terms of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
Data Collection on the Law Firm’s Website
When you submit information using one of our online forms, we collect the information that you provide to us using that particular form as well as your Internet Protocol address, your computer’s operating system, and the name of your web browser program.
We collect the above information in order to keep track of who has contacted us, how to contact them, if applicable to refer them to a lawyer inside or outside of the Law Firm and for general statistical purposes. We may also email you to offer you further legal services that may be of interest to you and to provide you with legal information.
We store this information on third-party servers that are protected by standard industry encryption methods and password protection.
Data Collection About the Law Firm’s Clients
When a person contacts the Law Firm, the Law Firm will typically request certain basic personal information about that person.  We retain this information solely for the purpose of doing our legal work in an efficient manner that best serves those who come to us for help and to refer the person to an appropriate lawyer, who may be a member of the firm or outside the firm.  We keep this information as long as we deem necessary.
You give us permission to share your webform submissions with any of the lawyers listed here even though some of these lawyers are independent and are outside of our law firm. Such sharing of information is for the sole purposes of finding a suitable lawyer to assist you with your legal issue.
Security
Any information you submit using our online forms is sent to our office and to one of the firm’s lawyers.  We take every precaution to protect the privacy of all emails we receive.  Due to the nature of the internet, email could theoretically be intercepted by a third party while in transit across the internet.
Access
You may request access to any information we collect about you and we will provide it within a reasonable time.  If you would like to view your information then please send us a written request.
Information Sharing
We will disclose personal information to third parties and you consent to such disclosure only under the following circumstances:
– to share personal information to and from third parties for the purpose of providing legal services by us or by third parties;
– to comply with a court order served on the Law Firm;
– to assist in the collection of the payment of any overdue accounts of the Law Firm;
– to protect the Law Firm’s websites from being hacked or otherwise misused, and to protect other people’s personal information from being stolen or misused;
– if a lawyer at the Law Firm has reason to believe that you are in danger of harming yourself or of harming someone else unless we inform someone else; and
– if you have otherwise consented that we share your personal information with someone else.
Updating Your Personal Information
If your personal information changes, please contact us so that we can update our records. It is important that we have accurate information so that we can contact our clients and keep them informed.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The Law Firm will inform you of any changes that it makes to this privacy policy by posting those changes at:  this page: https://zvulony.ca/privacy-policy/
0
replies
Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion? Feel free to contribute!
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Comment
Search
Home
About Zvulony & Co.
Consult a Lawyer
Contact Us
Lawyers in Toronto, Canada Zvulony & Co., P.C.
28 Finch Ave West
Suite 208
Toronto,
ON
Canada
M2N 2G7
416.483.3500 | 1.888.691.8114
Legal Disclaimer The presentation of information on this website is NOT individualized legal advice and should not be relied on as such.
Articles are intended to offer general comments on legal developments of concern to individuals, business and legal professionals and are not intended to provide legal opinions. Readers should seek legal advice on the particular issues that concern them.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
2002-2020 All Rights Reserved
Zvulony & Co. P.C., Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Scroll to top