http://www.mrmworldwide.com/privacy-notice.html
Work
About
Commerce
Buzz
Careers
Contact
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: March 9, 2018
We at McCann Relationship Marketing, LLC (“MRM”, “we” or “us”), respect your concerns about privacy.  This Privacy Notice describes the types of information collected through our website at https://www.mrm.com/ (the “Site”), and how we may use the information, with whom we may share it and the choices available to you regarding our use of the information.  We also describe the measures we take to safeguard the information and tell you how to contact us about our privacy practices.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect and store personal information (such as name and other contact details) that you choose to provide to us when you provide them through the Site or when you contact us.  The types of personal information we collect may include:
- Contact information, such as your e-mail address and company; and
- Other personal information you may submit to us, such as when you contact us.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT BY AUTOMATED MEANS
We are committed to making your online experience with our Site informative and relevant.  To achieve this, we collect certain information by automated means when you visit this Site, such as browser cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, server logs, and other technologies.  The information we obtain in the manner may include your IP address, browser type, device and operating system type and characteristics, referring URLs, information on actions taken on the Site, how many users visited our Site and dates and times of Site visits.  We collect this information by various means, as explained below.
Cookies.
A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “Flash cookie,” also known as a local shared object, functions like a web cookie to personalize a user’s experience on sites that use Adobe Flash Player. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server.
You do have control over cookies, and can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.  Note, however, that by not accepting or deleting the use of cookies, you may affect your website experience and you may not be able to take full advantage of all features on this Site.  Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies.  Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use the information we obtain about you both to further our relationship with you and for other purposes, including to:
- process, evaluate and respond to your requests and inquiries;
- correspond with you;
- operate, evaluate and improve our business (including managing our communications; learning about our visitors, analyzing our services and website; and facilitating the functionality of our website);
- enforce our Terms of Use; and
- comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards and our policies.
In addition, we use information collected online through cookies and other automated means for purposes such as (i) recognizing your computer when you visit the Site, (ii) improving the Site’s usability, (iii) analyzing use of the Site, and (iv) managing and enhancing the functionality of the Site. We also use this information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer our Site, identify users of our Site, and gather demographic information about our users.  We use clickstream data to determine how much time users spend on web pages of our Site, how users navigate through our Site, and how we may tailor our Site to better meet the needs of our users.
We may use personal information for other additional purposes.  We will identify these additional purposes at the time of collection.
ONLINE TRACKING
We may also use third-party solutions to conduct web analytics, such as Google Analytics.  Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., which uses cookies to help analyze how users use this website.  The information generated by the cookie about your use of this Site (such as your IP address, the URL visited, the date and time the page was viewed) will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the United States.  Google will use this information to monitor your use of this Site, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services related to website activity and internet usage.  Google may transfer this information to third parties where required by law, or where such third parties process information on Google’s behalf.  For more information about Google’s privacy policy in respect of Google Analytics, please refer to http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
You may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl+en=GB.
This Site is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers.
SHARING INFORMATION
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information we collect about you, except as described herein or otherwise disclose to you at the time the data is collected.
We may share your information among MRM-related entities.  We also may share information provided by our visitors to this Site with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf, including without limitation, hosting or operating this Site, providing client relationship management services, carrying out your requests, responding to your inquiries, and analyzing data.  We require these service providers by contract to appropriately safeguard the privacy and security of personal information they process on our behalf.
We may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena), (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.  We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
DATA TRANSFER
We may transfer the information we collect on this Site to other countries other than in which the information was originally collected.  Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information.  By submitting your personal data, you consent to this transfer.  When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Notice.
SECURITY
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Site may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from us. Linked sites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly encourage you to review to better understand their procedures for collecting, using and disclosing personal information. We are not responsible for the content of the linked websites, any use of these sites, or the privacy practices of these sites.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Site is not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 on the Site.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we collect about you, such as how we use the information and how we communicate with you.  To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists, exercise your rights or submit a request, please contact us as indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Notice.  To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may request access to the personal information we maintain about you or request that we correct, amend, delete or block the information by contacting us as indicated below.  Where provided by law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us or object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences going forward.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to change or add to this Privacy Notice from time to time and will post any revisions on the Site.  We will indicate at the top of the Privacy Notice when it was most recently updated.  Your continued use of the Site subsequent to any change to this Privacy Notice constitutes your acceptance of the change.  Please review this statement periodically to ensure you are aware of any changes or updates to this Privacy Notice.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, please feel free to email us at   privacy@mrm.com or write to:
MRM
622 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10017
Attn:  Global Chief Technology Officer
OK
This website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allows MRM to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please click here to learn more about the cookies used on this website and how to change current settings if you do not agree. By continuing to use this website (clicking on a picture or link above this banner), you consent to the use of cookies.