http://www.lowrvfinancing.com/privacy_statement.html
Home |
FAQ's |
Testimonials |
Contact Us
|
¿Español?
Fast, Low Rates, Expert Service
New & Used
RV and Boat Financing
RV Financing | RV
Financing Calculator | Apply
for RV Financing
| RV
Refinancing | RV
Warranties | RV
Tips | RV
Topics
PRC RV Financing Privacy Statement
Last Updated: August 31, 2006
PRC RV Financing and its personally owned other companies (collectively
referred to in this Privacy Statement as "we" or "PRC") recognize the importance
of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of our web
sites, subscribers to our magazines, registrants for our events, recipients
of our e-mail newsletters and all other customers of our products and services.
We created this policy with a fundamental respect for our customers' right
to privacy and to guide our relationships with our customers. This Privacy
Statement discloses the privacy practices for all products and services
owned by PRC.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
PRC collects information from our website users, subscribers and other customers.
In this section of our Privacy Statement, we describe the type of information
we collect and how we use it to provide better services to our customers.
Registration and Ordering
When attending our trade shows and other in-person events, participating in
our customer-sponsored webcasts, using some of our websites and signing up
for certain selected services (such as free subscriptions), users must first
register. During registration, users are required to give their contact information
(such as name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number). For internal
purposes, we use this information to communicate with users and provide requested
services, and, for our website visitors, to provide a more personalized experience
on our sites. We also may collect demographic information (such as job title).
We use aggregate demographic information about our audience to improve our
service and to better understand our customers' needs.
E-mail Newsletters
If users wish to subscribe to our e-mail newsletters, we ask for contact information
(such as name, e-mail address and, occasionally, demographic information).
We use this information in the same manner as we use contact information
in the registration and ordering process described above. Recipients of our
newsletters can unsubscribe using the instructions listed at the end of the
e-mail newsletter.
Interactive Features
At some of our sites, we offer interactive and community features such as discussion
boards, webcasts and user profiles. Note that all personal information sent
or posted via such features becomes public information for which we are not
responsible - this is only due to the nature of such interactive features
and our ability in not being able to control what information you post for
others to view/read.
Communications with Us
We have features where our customers can submit information to us (such as
our feedback forms). Where such submissions include requests for service,
support or information, we may forward them to our agents, as needed, to
best respond to the specific request. In addition, we may retain e-mails
and other information sent to us for our internal administrative purposes,
and to help us to serve customers better.
Communications from Us: Service
Updates, Special Offers
In order to best serve our customers, we may send updates that contain important
information about our products and services. For example, we send new members
a welcoming message, and verify password and username for our password-protected
web sites. We may also communicate with a customer to provide requested services
and for account-related issues via e-mail, phone or regular mail. In addition
to such service and product-essential messages, we offer our customers the
option to receive information about our company, related products, services
and special deals. Users, however, can choose not to receive these communications
from us, as set forth in the "Permission" section below.
Automatic Data Collection
Our web sites, newsletters and, from time to time, certain other products and
services have features that automatically collect information from customers,
to deliver content specific to customers' interests and to honor their preferences.
This information assists us in creating products and services that will serve
the needs of our customers.
WITH WHOM YOUR INFORMATION IS SHARED
We share your information with no one. Your information is not sold nor leased
to any other company. The information provided by you is used only for our
purposes of providing you with the specified service you have requested along
with communicating directly with you. Your information is shared with lenders
only when necessary to complete the financing process you have requested
CORRECTION/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If your personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code), or
if you no longer desire our product(s)/service(s), we provide a way to correct
or update your personal data: you may contact Customer Service via email
or a phone call
PERMISSION
Our customers are given the opportunity to choose whether to receive information
from us not directly related to the product or service for which they registered
(or which they otherwise agreed to receive).
Please note that we will endeavor to implement
your permission requests within a reasonable
time, although for a time you may continue
to receive mailings, etc., transmitted based
on information released prior to the implementation
of your request. In addition, please note
that even after such request is implemented,
you will continue to receive information
directly related to the product or service
for which you registered (or which you otherwise
agreed to receive), so you always are kept
informed. You may also request that you not
receive this information at any time by contacting
our Customer Support.
SECURITY
We use reasonable precautions to
protect our customers' personal information
and to store it securely. Sensitive information
that is transmitted to us online (such as
social security numbers) is encrypted and
is transmitted to us securely. In addition,
access to all of our customers' information,
not just the sensitive information mentioned
above, is restricted. Only employees who
need the information to perform a specific
job (for example, a billing clerk or a customer
service representative) are granted access
to personally identifiable information. Finally,
the servers on which we store personally
identifiable information are kept in a secure
environment.
LINKS
Our web sites contain links to other sites. PRC is not responsible for the
privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users
to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of
each web site to which we may link that may collect personally identifiable
information.
CHILDREN
PRC websites are not directed at individuals under thirteen years of age, and
PRC does not intend to collect any personally-identifiable information from
such individuals.
NOTIFICATION and CHANGES
If we change our Privacy Statement, we will post those changes on this page
so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and
under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users should check this
policy frequently to keep abreast of any changes.
For questions about this Privacy Statement,
contact:
Legal Department
- Privacy Officer
PRC RV Financing
4933 S Outlet Center Dr.
Tucson, AZ 85706
520-294-6988
loans@lowrvfinancing.com
Currently we are not accepting new applications. Please check back for updates.
RV
Loan Home | RV
Loan Application | RV
Loan Calculator | RV
Loan Information | RV
Refinancing | RV
Warranties | RV
Price Compare
Sell
My | Recreational
Vehicle | Recreational
Vehicle Information | Testimonials | About
Low RV Financing | Contact
Low RV Financing
FAQ
About Low RV Financing | Privacy
Statement | Site
Map
RV Financing
Motorhome
Financing
Easy RV Financing
RV
Financing
RV
Financing Application
RV
Financing Calculator
RV
Financing Loans
RV Financing
Rate
RV
Financing Rates
Recreational Vehicle Loan
Trailer RV
Financing
Used RV Financing
Low Cost
RV Loans
New RV Loans
Motorhome
Loans
Motorhome
Loan
Motorhome Loan 3 Steps
Motorhome Financing Factors
RV
Loan
RV
Loans
RV
Loan Rate
RV Financing Suggestions
Used
RV Loans
Used RV Financing
RV Loan Steps
Boat Financing
Boat
Financing
Boat Financing
Calculator
Boat
Loans
Marine
Financing
Marine
Loans
Used
Boat Financing
Financing a Boat
Yacht Loans
Apply for Boat Loans Today
Bad Credit RV Financing
Bad
Credit RV Loan
Bad
Credit RV Financing
RV Refinancing
RV
Refinance Financing
Loans
Refinance RV
**By applying, applicant(s) understands that a credit report may be requested. Low
RV Financing or Sebrite Corporation may then show up under inquiries on your credit
report. We do not guarantee approval on any loan for any customer; each situation is
different and is viewed and approved on a case by case basis. We will do all we can
to get a loan for each customer. No guarantees of approval are expressed or implied.
*Please read
our Terms
of Service.
Copyright ©
lowrvfinancing.com