https://www.buildingcentre.co.uk/footer/terms-conditions
Find products
Use our product finder to search for products and materials
Sign in
Register
Remember me
Forgot password?
Sign in
Architect
Architectural Technician
Architectural Technologist
Bricklayer
Builders Merchant
Building Services Engineer
Building Surveyor
Carpenter/Joiner
Civil Engineer
Clerk of Works
Consultant
Consulting Engineer
Contractor
Facilities Manager
General Builder
Government & Local Authority
Heating Engineer
Home Improver/DIY
Housebuilder
Housing Association
Interior Designer
Landlord
Landscape Architect/Designer
Manufacturer
Painter & Decorator
Plasterer
Plumber
Press
Project Manager
Property Developer
Quantity Surveyor
Self Builder
Shopfitter
Structural Engineer
Student
Other
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive news about events and exhibitions, innovation and materials on the latest building product innovations, case studies and more.
I have read and agree to the terms and conditions of usage and The Building Centre's Privacy Policy.
Register
This website uses cookies in order to improve your web experience.
Read our cookie policy.
OK
What’s on
Product finder
Articles and news
Venue
Venue hire
Seminar spaces
Boardroom
Building Centre Gallery
Hospitality catering
Café
Products & materials galleries
Workspaces
Organisations at the Building Centre
Coworking space
Office space
Plan your visit
About us
Our mission
Our history
Our team
What’s on
Product finder
Articles and news
Venue
About us
Venue hire
Seminar spaces
Boardroom
Building Centre Gallery
Hospitality catering
Café
Products & materials galleries
Workspaces
Organisations at the Building Centre
Coworking space
Office space
Plan your visit
Our mission
Our history
Our team
Terms & Conditions
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy and cookie policy govern The Building Centre's relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
This website, www.buildingcentre.co.uk, is operated by The Building Centre Group Ltd., registered in England and Wales under company number 00746150. Our registered office address is 26 Store Street, London WC1E 7BT. The Building Centre is wholly owned by The Built Environment Trust, a registered charity (1163419) under UK law. Specifinder® is a registered trademark of The Building Centre Group Ltd.
Definitions
The term 'The Building Centre' or 'us' or 'we' or ‘our’ refers to the owner of the website. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website. ‘Site’ or ‘website’ refers to all domains, sub-domains and pages owned by us. ‘Content’ refers to all information, images, downloads and other material available within the site. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Use of the site
You may view, download and print pages from our website for your own personal use. You may not use this website or its content for any unlawful purpose neither should you use the site in any way that renders it less efficient or diminishes its functionality in whole or in part.
This website and its content are the sole property of The Building Centre Group Ltd.
You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works; or in any way exploit any of the material, in whole or in part or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the material in any way for any public or commercial purpose or assist anyone in doing so, directly or indirectly, without written consent from a Director of The Building Centre.
Availability
Use of the site is free of charge and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the services we provide on our site without notice.
Whilst every effort is made to ensure that our website remains up and running at all times, we will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of our site is unavailable at any time. Where site maintenance is required, we will endeavour to carry this out outside peak times whenever possible.
Liability
Whilst every effort is made to ensure the information contained on this website is up to date and accurate, the information on this website is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we:
exclude all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates, advertisers or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or our literature; and
exclude all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised us of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
We do not, however, exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
Listing companies and adding content
You may add content to our website either as part of your personal profile or under a company for which you are an ‘Owner’ and/or ‘Admin’ user. Once you request owner or admin privileges for a company record, this request will be pending approval from a member of staff at The Building Centre. A request will only be approved if your relationship with the company can be confirmed – normally by supplying an email address of the same domain as the company website. If your request is declined, you will be informed by email. We aim to process these requests within one working day, but if you have not had a response after three working days, please email website@buildingcentre.co.uk.
Basic (Bronze) entries are provided at our discretion and can be removed at any time with or without notice if any of the criteria set out below are not met.
Enhanced (Silver and Gold) entries are subject to their own separate terms and conditions, available upon request and provided at the time of subscription.
You must only create a company entry and add content that directly relates to your company or for a company for which you are an authorised agent or representative and which provides products or services related to the construction industry.
You may edit your company record at any time and add or update content alongside your entry as your subscription level permits.
You must keep your entry up to date. If your entry is deemed out of date we reserve the right to take it down at any time without notice.
We reserve the right to amend entries and any content as we see fit, to suit our house style or to maximise your response rates.
You grant us worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and sub-licensable, non-exclusive license to syndicate, reproduce, license, publish and distribute your content in all present and future media.
Content provided by you must not:
be untruthful, false, erroneous, inaccurate or misleading;
be illegal or unlawful, or promote any illegal activity;
be derogatory or defamatory of any person, organisation or entity;
contain any obscene, abusive, offensive or harmful language or images;
contain any racial or religious hatred or anything that would be deemed discriminatory;
infringe any copyright, intellectual property, privacy, performance, data protection or any other right;
give cause for legal action whether against you, us or a third party;
be in contempt of any court, or in breach of any court order;
contain viruses, trojan horses or any other computer programs or malware that are intended to obtain data or disrupt the running of our website, in whole or in part, in any way;
promote, directly or indirectly, a competitor of The Building Centre
We reserve the right to completely remove, with or without notice, any content on our site which is in breach of any of these terms, or for any other reason we see fit.
Event booking
It is your responsibility to ensure that the event will meet your requirements by reading the event description provided before booking. If in any doubt as to the content of an event, please email events@buildingcentre.co.uk before booking.
For online bookings, invoices/receipts will be issued via email at the time of booking. It is your responsibility to ensure that your system is able to receive these emails, which will come from events@buildingcentre.co.uk
Unless otherwise stated, all events will take place at The Building Centre, and no specific joining instructions will be sent further to those contained in the booking confirmation email. For clarification, email events@buildingcentre.co.uk
It is the responsibility of the individual completing the booking form to ensure that the registered delegate(s) attend.
Cancellations, amends or transfers must be made in writing to events@buildingcentre.co.uk at the earliest opportunity. In the event of a named delegate being unable to attend, we will accept substitution of another delegate.
Cancellations received 30 days or more before the event date will receive a 50% refund. No refund will be given for cancellations made 29 days or less prior to the event date or to delegates who fail to attend.
In the event of there being insufficient numbers booked onto an event, we reserve the right to cancel or postpone the event. In the event of a cancellation, we will aim to inform all delegates at least a week before the event is due to take place but this may not always be possible. You will receive a full refund or be given the option of a place on the postponed event. We will not accept liability for any consequential loss and shall have no liability to reimburse any other costs that may have been incurred, including transport costs, accommodation etc.
Where food and refreshments are to be provided, this will be stated on the event details and the cost included in the price quoted. Any special dietary requirements need to be notified in writing to us in advance of the event – please email events@buildingcentre.co.uk
Trade marks
The Building Centre, Specifinder and their respective logos and trademarks are the property of The Building Centre Group Ltd., and should not be used or reproduced without prior written permission. Contact website@buildingcentre.co.uk if you wish to use our logo(s).
All other trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners.
Third party websites
This website includes links to third-party websites. We provide these for your information and convenience only and are not to be deemed as an endorsement or recommendation by us. We have no control over, or responsibility for the content of any such websites, nor for any loss or damage that may arise as a result of their use.
Applicable law
These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of England and Wales. Any claims or disputes that might arise in connection with these terms and conditions will be settled under the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Changes to these terms
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions at any time. By continuing to use this site after we have made such changes you agree to any such changes. It is your responsibility to regularly check these terms and conditions.