http://www.relpro.com/privacy/
Relpro | Customer Relationship Prospect Research Management
Software
Features
Search for People & Companies
Multiple Data Sources
Actionable Insights
Alerts
Technology Search
Relationship Mapping
CRM Integration
Solutions
B2B Marketing & Sales
Commercial & Business Banking
Corporate & Investment Banking
Insurance
Law Firms
Life Sciences
Nonprofit Development & Fundraising
Private Equity
Professional Services
Technology Companies
University Advancement
Wealth Management
Customers
About Us
Company
News
Data Services
Blog
FAQ
Careers
Contact
Log in
Schedule a Demo
This site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By
visiting RelPro, you accept our
use of cookies.
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
May 17, 2018
Relationship Capital Partners, Inc. (“Relcapp”) and it’s 100%-owned affiliate, RelPro, Inc. (“RelPro”) are dedicated to providing our customers with outstanding customer service and uncompromising privacy protection.  For this reason, we believe you should understand the privacy policy (the “Policy”) that we have adopted to help us provide you with that level of service.  Our privacy policy describes the types of information we may gather about you, how we use that information, and the conditions under which we may disclose it to third parties.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Relcapp and RelPro collect, use, maintain and disclose information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the relcapp.com, relpro.com, app.relpro.com, m.relpro.com and relpro.app websites and sub-domains (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Relcapp and RelPro. Other policies may be applicable to other Relcapp and RelPro-owned sites and applications that you may use.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for information, as appropriate, such as name, email address, phone number. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Personal Data of EU and Swiss Residents
For Users who are located in the European Union and Switzerland, from May 25th, 2018, all processing of such Users’ personal data by RelPro will be performed in accordance with privacy rights and regulations following the Regulations (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and, from time to time, to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Relcapp and RelPro may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service : Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience : We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site, products and services : We may use feedback you provide to improve our Site, products and services.
To send periodic emails : We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User provides an email address to learn more about our services, they may receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We will not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners and trusted affiliates for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find content on our Site that links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Compliance with children’s online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
Relcapp has the discretion to update this privacy policy and terms of use at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of this policy
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Relationship Capital Partners, Inc.
51 JFK Parkway, 1st Floor West
Short Hills, NJ 07078
http://www.relcapp.com
info@relcapp.com
RelPro, Inc.
51 JFK Parkway, 1st Floor West
Short Hills, NJ 07078
http://relpro.com
info@relpro.com
Read what our experts are blogging.
see more
posts