https://www.3i.com/site-tools/terms-conditions/
Site tools
Home
Terms & conditions
Terms & conditions
The terms and conditions set out below apply to your use of 3i's websites.
Please read them. Specific terms apply to any use you make of the search feature of 3i's portfolio database on www.3i.com and these are set out in paragraphs 16-22 below.
"3i" means 3i Group plc and any of its subsidiaries and related companies and references to the "3i Websites" are to any of 3i's websites (and any replacement URL of any such website) and also include, but are not limited to, the text, images, links, sounds, graphics and video sequences displayed in such websites (the "Materials").
By accessing any of the 3i Websites you agree that you have read and accept these terms and conditions. If you do not agree, do not use the 3i Websites. The pages on the 3i Websites have been issued and approved by 3i Investments plc, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (with number 195262 on the FSA register) in respect of its activities carried on in or from the UK. It is your responsibility to be aware of and to observe all applicable laws and regulations for your country of residence.
3i Group plc
3i Group plc is a listed company. No information contained in these pages should be taken as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the shares of 3i Group plc. Nothing on the 3i Websites or in the Materials constitutes or is intended to constitute financial or other advice and you should not act upon any information contained on the 3i Websites or in the Materials without first consulting a financial or other professional adviser.
US Residents
Special rules are applicable when US residents and other US persons access the 3i Websites. For US regulatory reasons, US residents are not permitted to access certain of the 3i Websites (www.3iGroup.com), except with the express permission of 3i. 3i is not offering any securities or services in the United States or to US residents through any 3i website.
A "US resident" includes any US person, as well as (i) any natural person who is only temporarily residing outside the United States, (ii) any account of a US person over which a non-US fiduciary has investment discretion or any entity, which, in either case, is being used to circumvent the registration requirements of the US Investment Company Act of 1940, and (iii) any employee benefit or pension plan that does not have as its participants or beneficiaries persons substantially all of whom are not US persons. In addition, for these purposes, if an entity either has been formed or is operated for the purpose of investing in a particular security or obtaining a particular service, or facilitates individual investment decisions, none of the beneficiaries or other interest holders of such entity may be US Residents. Terms used in this paragraph (including the term "US person") have the meanings given to them in Regulation S under the US Securities Act of 1933.
Privacy policy
3i respects the privacy of every individual who visits 3i's websites and is always careful to ensure that information disclosed to 3i in confidence is treated confidentially. Please see 3i's full privacy policy.
Limitation of liability
Nothing in these terms and conditions shall be taken to limit or exclude any liability that may not otherwise be limited or excluded under applicable law. Use of the 3i Websites and the Materials are at your sole risk. 3i will not be liable to any person for any direct, indirect, special or consequential, losses, damages or awards of any kind, howsoever caused, as a result of the use of or inability to use, or reliance on, the 3i Websites or any of the Materials. 3i excludes all warranties, conditions, terms, undertakings and representations (excepting fraudulent misrepresentation) of any kind, express or implied, statutory or otherwise in connection with the 3i Websites and the Materials to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Disclaimer
The Materials and the 3i Websites are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. 3i gives no warranties (express, implied or statutory) as to satisfactory quality or fitness for purpose of the Materials or that any of the Materials or the 3i Websites will be provided uninterrupted or free from errors or that any identified defect will be corrected. 3i has the right to suspend or withdraw the provision of all or any of the 3i Websites or the Material without prior notice at any time. Further, no warranty of any kind is given that the 3i Websites and the Materials are free from any virus or other malicious, destructive or corrupting code, programme or macro. 3i does not warrant that the 3i Websites or the server(s) that make(s) them available are free of any virus or other harmful elements.
Reference in the 3i Websites and/or the Materials to any hypertext link, product, process or service does not imply 3i's support for, nor endorsement or recommendation of, the provider thereof or the product, process or service to which reference is made. The 3i websites may contain hypertext links to other websites, resources or other third parties. 3i is not responsible for the availability of, and accepts no liability in relation to, these external websites or their contents. 3i is not a sponsor, partner, promoter or publisher of any of such websites.
Copyright and trade marks
The Materials are the copyright of 3i and its third-party licensors and may not be copied, distributed, uploaded, posted, republished, decompiled, disassembled, reverse-engineered or transmitted in any way without the prior, written consent of 3i. You may, however, download one copy for your personal non-commercial use or non-commercial use within the organisation in which you work on condition that you do not delete or change any copyright, trade mark or other proprietary notice contained in the Materials nor alter the way in which they are presented. Modification or use other than as permitted above violates 3i's intellectual property rights in the Materials.
The trade marks, service marks and logo (the "Trade Marks") used and displayed on the 3i Websites are registered and unregistered Trade Marks of 3i and others. Nothing in these terms and conditions or on the 3i Websites should be construed as granting any licence or right to use any Trade Mark displayed on the 3i Websites. 3i enforces infringements of its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent permitted by the law.
Further information about 3i and the 3i Websites
3i Investments plc is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and have permission to conduct specific activities both in the UK and in a number of countries in Europe through the use of regulatory "passports". 3i Europe plc and 3i Nordic plc are also authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, in order to be able to carry out certain activities from the UK into other EEA States. 3i Corporation is an investment adviser regulated by the Securities Exchange Commission in the United States.
The information in the 3i Websites is only for the attention of the residents of jurisdictions where it can be lawfully disseminated.
Governing law
The agreement between 3i and you relating to your use and browsing of the 3i Websites is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. These terms and conditions may not be modified unless 3i agrees in writing.
Portfolio database terms and conditions
Use of the searchable database of 3i's investment portfolio (the "Database") on www.3i.com is subject to the following terms and conditions, in addition to the general terms and conditions of use of the 3i Websites. By using the searchable Database you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to be bound by all of these terms and conditions.
No representations or warranties
The Database is not a complete listing of companies in which 3i is invested. The Database is provided for general information purposes only and should not be used as a basis for making business or investment decisions. 3i makes no representation and gives no warranties (express, implied or statutory) as to the accuracy, completeness or currency, or as to the fitness for any purpose, of any information provided in the Database and it should not be relied upon as such. The descriptions of the businesses of companies included in the Database have been provided by such companies. Although 3i has used reasonable efforts to check the content of the Database, 3i cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such content, which 3i has included in the Database in good faith. 3i accepts no responsibility to update any information on the 3i Websites or in the Database.
No invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity and no financial advice
In providing information about 3i's investment portfolio:
3i is not communicating and does not intend to communicate any invitation or inducement to any person to make any investment or divestment or to engage in investment activity and is not offering to acquire of dispose of securities; 3i is not issuing, promulgating or providing any financial or other advice to any person; and 3i does not intend to make and is not making an offer or solicitation in relation to the shares of 3i Group plc or any company included on the Database.
Intellectual property and copyright in the Database
The Database is the intellectual property of 3i Investments plc and/or 3i's third-party service providers. None of the content or data on the Database may be reproduced, transferred, or modified without 3i's written consent. 3i may change the information on the Database at any time without notice and may, in its sole discretion at any time, remove all or any part of the Database from the 3i website.
Information contained in the Database is the copyright of 3i and may not be copied, distributed, uploaded, posted, republished, decompiled, disassembled, reverse-engineered or transmitted in any way without the prior, written consent of 3i.
Hypertext links in the Database
The Database contains hypertext links to websites owned or operated by companies in the investment portfolio. Such links are provided for information only. 3i is not responsible for the availability or security of these external websites or their contents and accepts no liability for, and gives no endorsement of, material on or other services provided through such websites. Any use of such material or services is at your own risk.
No broker-dealer registrations
The information in the Database is provided free of charge and for information only. 3i is not acting, nor is it seeking to act, as a broker or dealer in respect of the securities of the companies listed in the Database or the information concerning such companies, nor will 3i receive any compensation for the provision of such information.
Back to top