http://www.humana.com/legal/accessibility-resources
Accessibility Resources on Humana.com
Skip to main content
Other Humana Sites
Humana.com
For Providers
For Employers
For Agents & Brokers
For Investors
For Caregivers
MyHumana
Go365® Wellness Program
Humana Pharmacy®
Help
Español
Shop for Plans
Medicare
Shop Medicare Advantage plans
Shop Medicare drug (Part D) plans
Shop Medicare Supplement plans
Learn about Medicare
Find a doctor
Enroll in a plan
Dental
Shop dental plans
Find a dentist
Vision
Shop vision plans
Find an eye doctor
Medicaid
Learn about Medicaid
Find a doctor
How to enroll
Pharmacy
Learn about Humana Pharmacy
Find a pharmacy
Compare drug plans & coverage
Prescription savings & tools
Humana Drug List
Employer
Shop for group products
Learn about group insurance
Member Resources
MyHumana
Pay my premium
View Medicare plan details
Find a doctor
Drug pricing guide
Find a form
View ID card
View claims
Check coverage
Refill a prescription
Manage your health
Preventive care
Managing health conditions
Home care & community support
Humana in your neighborhood
Achieving health goals
Go365 wellness & rewards
Member guidance
Using a healthcare plan
Humana member rights
Exceptions & appeals
Prescription savings & tools
Helpful resources
Medicaid support
Get the most out of your plan. Register for a MyHumana account today.
Open Tasks
Pay my premium
Find a doctor
Drug pricing guide
Find a form
View ID card
View my claims
Check coverage
Refill a prescription
Search
Search
Sign in
Open Menu
Close Menu
Home
Legal information
Accessibility Resources
Back to Legal information
Humana accessibility resources
Humana Inc. and its subsidiaries comply with applicable federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate or exclude on the basis of race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, sex, marital status, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, or disability. Humana Inc. and its subsidiaries do not discriminate or exclude people on the basis of race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, sex, marital status, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, or disability.
Multi-language interpreter services
If you (or someone you’re helping) have questions regarding your coverage, you have the right to get help and information in your language at no cost. To talk to an interpreter, visit our Humana Customer Support page, or call the number on the back of your member ID card (TTY: 711). Or call 1-877-320-1235, option 9 (TTY: 711) for assistance. Hours of operation: 8 a.m. – 8 p.m., Eastern time. See this information in other languages: Multi-Language Interpreter Services.
Si usted (o alguien a quien usted ayude) tiene preguntas relacionadas con su cobertura, tiene derecho a obtener ayuda e información en su idioma sin costo alguno. Para hablar con un intérprete, visite nuestra página de Ayuda al cliente de Humana o llame al número que aparece al reverso de su tarjeta de identificación como afiliado (TTY: 711). O llame al 1-877-320- 1235, marque el número nueve
(TTY: 711) para obtener asistencia. Horas de operación: 8 a.m. a 8 p.m. hora del este. Vea esta información en otros idiomas: Multi-Language Interpreter Services.
Language assistance and alternative formats
For our customers with disabilities or limited English proficiency, we provide the following communication services at no cost when interacting with Humana:
Over-the-phone interpretation available in 200 languages
American Sign Language interpreters (in person or via video)
Linguistically-trained interpreters for visually-impaired customers
Video interpretation from a smartphone or computer
Teletype (TTY) services
Written materials available in languages other than English, and in alternative formats including braille, audio, large print, and accessible PDF
To request language assistance or alternative formats, please visit our Humana Customer Support page, or call the number on the back of your Humana member ID card (TTY: 711). TTY services are available. Or, call 1-877-320-1235, option 9 (TTY: 711) for assistance.
See the Non-Discrimination, Cultural Competency, Language Proficiency and ADA, PDF opens new window for a detailed description of our policy and program.
Your provider’s responsibilities
Your providers must provide free language assistance or in-person sign language interpretation at your request. If you need communication assistance, please let the staff know. If the provider will not provide the services you need, please visit our Humana Customer Support page, or call the number on the back of your Humana member ID card (TTY: 711). Or call 1-877-320-1235, option 9 (TTY: 711) for assistance. Hours of operation: 8 a.m. – 8 p.m., Eastern time.
For providers
Providers with questions about Humana's language assistance requirements can learn more in our Provider Education section, or by calling Humana at the phone number listed on the member's Humana ID card, or you may call 1-877-320-1235, option 9 for assistance. Hours of operation: 8 a.m. – 8 p.m., Eastern time.
CALIFORNIA and Humana Medicaid Providers: Please call
1-877-320-2233.
On Humana websites
We are continuously improving our digital experiences to meet or exceed universal design best practices and web accessibility standards. We follow and support Section 508 of the US Rehabilitation Act, opens new window and the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 A/AA Guidelines, opens new window from the W3C Web Accessibility Initiative, opens new window.
To provide accessible Web and mobile app experiences, we strive to:
Make our content and navigation easy to see
Make it easy to interact using a mouse, keyboard, and/or touch screens
Provide text and visual alternatives for sounds
Provide text and audio alternatives for visuals
Support using a computer without a monitor or display
Support using assistive technologies to navigate and access content
Support the use of native accessibility features on mobile devices and tablets
In addition, if you are having trouble accessing our websites or mobile apps, our Customer Care representatives can read the website to you.
If you find anything on our sites or apps difficult to use, please let us know.
To request assistance or report a problem, please visit our Humana Customer Support page, or call the number on the back of your member ID card (TTY: 711). Or call 1-877-320-1235, option 9 (TTY: 711) for assistance. Hours of operation: 8 a.m. – 8 p.m., Eastern time.
For complaints
If you were discriminated against, or if Humana or a provider did not accommodate your needs, we will promptly address the matter. Please visit our Humana Customer Support page, or call the number on the back of your Humana member ID card (TTY: 711). Or call 1-877-320-1235, option 9 (TTY: 711) for assistance. Hours of operation: 8 a.m. – 8 p.m., Eastern time.
If you believe that Humana has failed to provide these services or discriminated in another way on the basis of race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, sex, marital status, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, or disability, you can file a grievance with:
Discrimination Grievances
P.O. Box 14618
Lexington, KY 40512 - 4618
If you need help filing a grievance, call 1-877-320-1235 or the number on your Humana member ID card (TTY: 711). Or call 1-877-320-1235, option 9 (TTY: 711) for assistance. Hours of operation: 8 a.m. – 8 p.m., Eastern time.
If you are located in the State of California, you may also call California Department of Insurance
toll-free hotline number : 1-800-927-HELP (4357), to file a grievance.
You can also file a civil rights complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office for Civil Rights, electronically through the Office for Civil Rights Complaint Portal, available at https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/portal/lobby.jsf, opens new window or by mail or phone at:
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
200 Independence Avenue, SW
Room 509F, HHH Building
Washington, D.C. 20201
1-800–368–1019 or 1-800-537-7697 (TDD)
Complaint forms are available at http://www.hhs.gov/ocr/office/file/index.html , opens new window
California members:
If you need help with a grievance that has not been resolved by Humana or is unresolved for more than 30 days, you may call the California Department of Managed Healthcare at: 1-888-466-2219 or TDD: 1-877-688-9891-or visit http://www.hmohelp.ca.gov, opens new window.
You may also call the California Department of Insurance at:
1-800-927-4357
For assistance or more information
For questions, assistance, or special accommodations, please visit our Humana Customer Support page, or call the number on the back of your member ID card (TTY: 711). Or call 1-877-320-1235, option 9 (TTY: 711) for assistance. Hours of operation: 8 a.m. – 8 p.m., Eastern time.
Additional contact information is located on our Customer Support page.
Legal information
Privacy policies
Internet Privacy Statement
Disclaimer and licensure
Hospital provider notice
Special Investigation request to contact
Special Investigation request to contact – Spanish
Special Investigation referral form
Fraud, waste and abuse
Accessibility
Multi-language interpreter support
System requirements
Marketing practices
Browser security
Cyber security
Protect your personal information online
Privacy policies
Internet Privacy Statement
Disclaimer and licensure
Hospital provider notice
Special Investigation request to contact
Special Investigation request to contact – Spanish
Special Investigation referral form
Fraud, waste and abuse
Accessibility
Multi-language interpreter support
System requirements
Marketing practices
Browser security
Cyber security
Protect your personal information online
Back to top
Medicare
Dental
Vision
Medicaid
Pharmacy
Member Resources
Find a Doctor
Sign in to MyHumana
Sign in to Go365.com
Employers
Agents & Brokers
Providers
Caregivers
About Humana
Contact Us
Careers
Investor Relations
Corporate Responsibility
© Humana 2020
Legal
Privacy Policies
Internet Privacy Statement
Site Map
Disclaimers & Licensure
Fraud, Waste & Abuse
Accessibility
System Requirements
"Humana" is the brand name for plans, products and services provided by one or more of the subsidiaries and affiliate companies of Humana Inc. ("Humana Entities"). Plans, products, and services are solely and only provided by one or more Humana Entities specified on the plan, product, or service contract, not Humana Inc. Not all plans, products, and services are available in each state.
The following is a complete list of the legal entities that offer, underwrite, administer or insure insurance products and services.
Medical Plans
Humana group medical plans are offered by Humana Medical Plan, Inc., Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., Humana Health Plan, Inc., Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc., Humana Health Plan of Ohio, Inc., Humana Health Plans of Puerto Rico, Inc. License # 00235-0008, Humana Wisconsin Health Organization Insurance Corporation, or Humana Health Plan of Texas, Inc., or insured by Humana Health Insurance Company of Florida, Inc., Humana Health Plan, Inc., Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc., Humana Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky, or Humana Insurance of Puerto Rico, Inc. License # 00187-0009, or administered by Humana Insurance Company or Humana Health Plan, Inc. For Arizona residents, plans are offered by Humana Health Plan, Inc. or insured by Humana Insurance Company. Administered by Humana Insurance Company.
Go365® is not an insurance product. Not available with all Humana health plans.
Dental Plans
Humana individual dental plans are insured or offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company of New York, The Dental Concern, Inc., CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Company, CompBenefits Dental, Inc., Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc., Discount plans offered by HumanaDental Insurance Company or Humana Insurance Company.
For Arizona residents: Insured by Humana Insurance Company.
For Texas residents: Insured or offered by Humana Insurance Company,
HumanaDental Insurance Company or DentiCare, Inc. (d/b/a Compbenefits). In states, and for products where applicable, the premium may include a $1 administrative fee.
If you have purchased an association plan, an association fee may also apply.
Some plans may also charge a one-time, non-refundable enrollment fee. (This fee is non-refundable as allowed by state).
A minimum one-year, initial contract period may be required for some dental plans, excluding Dental Savings Plus.
Humana group dental plans are offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company of New York, The Dental Concern, Inc., Humana Medical Plan of Utah, Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, The Dental Concern, Inc., Humana Medical Plan of Utah, CompBenefits Company, CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Dental, Inc., Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., or DentiCare, Inc. (DBA CompBenefits).
Vision Plans
Humana individual vision plans are insured by Humana Insurance Company, The Dental Concern, Inc., or Humana Insurance Company of New York, or Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc.
For Arizona residents: Insured by Humana Insurance Company. For Texas residents: Insured by Humana Insurance Company.
In states, and for products where applicable, the premium may include a $1 administrative fee.
If you have purchased an association plan, an association fee may also apply.
Some plans may also charge a one-time, non-refundable enrollment fee. (This fee is non-refundable as allowed by state).
A minimum one-year, initial contract period may be required for some vision plans.
Humana group vision plans are offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky, Humana Insurance Company of New York, CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Company, or The Dental Concern, Inc.
Life Insurance Plans
Humana group life plans are offered by Humana Insurance Company or Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky.
The website is maintained outside of New York state and the insurer is not authorized to transact the business of insurance in New York.
Humana individual life insurance plans are offered in New York by Humana Insurance Company.
Limitations and exclusions
Our health benefit plans, dental plans, vision plans, life insurance plans have exclusions, limitations and exclusions under which the coverage may be continued in force or discontinued. Our dental plans, vision plans, and life insurance plans may also have waiting periods. For costs and complete details of coverage, call or write your Humana insurance agent or broker.
Individual applications are subject to eligibility requirements.
Before applying for group coverage, please refer to the pre-enrollment disclosures for a description of plan provisions which may exclude, limit, reduce, modify or terminate your coverage. View plan provisions or check with your sales representative.
For group plans, please refer to your Benefit Plan Document (Certificate of Coverage/Insurance or Summary Plan Description/Administrative Services Only) for more information on the company providing your benefits.
Statements in languages other than English contained in the advertisement do not necessarily reflect the exact contents of the policy written in English, because of possible linguistic differences. In the event of a dispute, the policy as written in English is considered the controlling authority.