https://www.iwfm.org.uk/terms-and-conditions.html
You're here
Homepage
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms of use of the IWFM Website
Access to and use of this IWFM Website (’iwfm.org.uk’) is provided by the IWFM subject to the following terms:
1. By using iwfm.org.uk you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of iwfm.org.uk. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or use iwfm.org.uk.
2. The IWFM may change these terms at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by the IWFM. Your continued use of iwfm.org.uk after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended.
3. You warrant that the information which you provide to register on iwfm.org.uk is true, accurate and complete.  If you select a user name for the Forums, it shall not be misleading or inappropriate.  You shall promptly notify us of any changes to your user profile.  All personal data which we collect will be treated in accordance with our privacy policy.
4. It is your responsibility to keep confidential your user name and password and you shall be responsible for any use of your user profile on iwfm.org.uk.
5. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use iwfm.org.uk content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You  agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any iwfm.org.uk content except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of iwfm.org.uk content requires the prior written permission of the IWFM.
6. You agree to use iwfm.org.uk only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of iwfm.org.uk. Prohibited behaviour includes without limitation harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within iwfm.org.uk.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
7. iwfm.org.uk content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to the IWFM, its products and services or to third party products and services, is provided "AS IS" and on an "AS AVAILABLE" basis.  All  representations and warranties made (whether express or implied by law) are excluded to the extent permitted by law, including any implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose or the use of reasonable care and skill, compatibility, security and accuracy.
8. The IWFM does not warrant that your use of any intellectual property posted on the iwfm.org.uk will not infringe any third party property rights.
9. The IWFM does not exclude any liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence, or for fraud or wilful default or otherwise insofar as any exclusion or limitation of the liability is prohibited or unenforceable by law, and all other provisions of these  terms and conditions shall be subject to this paragraph 9.
10. Under no circumstances will the IWFM be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such losses where foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data, disaster recovery costs and administrative costs; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits; (c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation; (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of or the inability to use iwfm.org.uk regardless of the form of action.
11. The IWFM does not warrant that functions contained in iwfm.org.uk content will be uninterrupted or error free, or that any downloads will be free of viruses. The IWFM does not warrant that defects in the website will be corrected, or that iwfm.org.uk or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs.
12. The IWFM makes no warranties or representations regarding the accuracy of any content which is posted on iwfm.org.uk or otherwise.
Intellectual Property
13. The names, images and logos identifying the IWFM or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of the IWFM and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any licence or right to use any trademark, patent, design right or copyright of the IWFM or any other third party.
Contributions to iwfm.org.uk
14.1 Where you  submit any contribution to iwfm.org.uk (including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) you agree, by submitting your contribution, to grant the IWFM a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable license to use your contribution on iwfm.org.uk or in any other manner as the IWFM considers appropriate.  The IWFM may remove your contribution at any time without notice to you.
14.2  Further to paragraph 9, You warrant that your contribution;
14.2.1 is your own original work and/or that you have the right to make it available to the IWFM for all the purposes specified above; and
14.2.2 is not unlawful, including without limitation defamatory, blasphemous or obscene; and
14.2.3  does not infringe any third party privacy, intellectual property, contractual or other proprietary right.
14.3 You indemnify the IWFM against all losses, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by the IWFM as a result of your breach of the above warranty.
14.4 You waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on iwfm.org.uk and the purposes specified above.
14.5  You must declare any interest you may have when referring to or actively promoting products and/or services on iwfm.org.uk.  All references to products and/or services must be in the context of a discussion in a Forum.
iwfm.org.uk online Forum rules
15. You agree to use iwfm.org.uk Forums in accordance with the following rules.
The IWFM may at its absolute discretion decline any application from you to register to use the iwfm.org.uk members’ Forum.
About your posts:
Contributions must be civil and tasteful.
No disruptive, offensive or abusive behaviour: contributions must be constructive and polite, not mean-spirited or contributed with the intention of causing trouble or offence.
No unlawful or objectionable content including unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, racially offensive or otherwise objectionable material.
No multiple logins for the purpose of disrupting the Forum or annoying other users.
No spamming or off-topic material: we don’t allow the submission of the same or very similar contributions many times. Please don’t re-submit your contribution to more than one discussion, or contribute off-topic material in subject-specific areas.
No advertising.
No impersonation.
No inappropriate (e.g. vulgar, offensive etc) user names.
You may not use iwfm.org.uk Forums to create or send any viruses or other files which disrupt the use of iwfm.org.uk or of any connected network software or hardware
You may not post any personal data relating to any other person without their permission.
About the law:
You may not submit any defamatory or illegal material of any nature in iwfm.org.uk Forums. This includes text, graphics, video, programs or audio.
Contributing material with the intention of committing or promoting an illegal act is strictly prohibited.
You agree to only submit materials which are your own original work.
You must not violate, plagiarise, or infringe the rights of third parties including copyright, trade mark, trade secrets, privacy, publicity, personal or proprietary rights.
The views expressed in iwfm.org.uk Forums are not necessarily those of the IWFM.
If you breach these Terms of Use:
If you fail to abide by these Terms of Use when taking part in an iwfm.org.uk Forum, you will be sent an e-mail which informs you why your contribution has been rejected or edited. This mail will also include a warning that continuing to break the rules may result in action being taken against your account or accounts.
If you post or send offensive or inappropriate content anywhere on or to iwfm.org.uk Forums  otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on iwfm.org.uk, or otherwise breach any of these terms, the IWFM may immediately and without notice to you remove such content from iwfm.org.uk, and/or block access to your account.
The IWFM will co-operate with any authorised legal or regulatory body in its investigation of any activity which is in breach of these rules.
16. Use of RSS Feeds
16.1  Subject to the Terms of Use of the IWFM website, IWFM grants you a non- transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free licence to display on your website, intranet or other service, the headlines, active links and other information which you receive from the IWFM via the IWFM feed.
16.2  All intellectual property rights and other rights in the material made available by the RSS feed belong to the IWFM or its licensors.
16.3 You must incorporate an attribution to the IWFM in any IWFM feed or IWFM content on website, intranet or other services.  The attribution text should read “News from IWFM”.  You may not use any IWFM logo in connection with the feed.
16.4 You may not, directly or indirectly, charge users for accessing the IWFM content or otherwise commercialise such content, nor attempt to re-sell the IWFM content in any way.
16.5 You must create a functional link back to the full IWFM content summarised in the RSS feed.
16.6 You may not download the IWFM content or extracts from it in a systemic manner so as to create a database in electronic or structured manual form.
16.7 The IWFM makes no warranty or representation as to the accuracy of any of the material in the RSS feed, and to the extent permitted by law, the IWFM accepts no liability for any of the material which has been summarised in the RSS feed.
General
17. If there is any conflict between these terms and specific terms appearing elsewhere on iwfm.org.uk then the latter shall prevail.
18. If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
19.  These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and the IWFM and you acknowledge that you have not relied on any representation, warranty or other provision in relation to these matters.
20. These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and any dispute arising out of or in connection with them shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. The place of performance shall be England.
Academy Virtual Delivery Courses Terms and Conditions
You will not be registered on an IWFM Academy virtual delivery training course until you have accepted these Terms and Conditions.
Payment Terms
Payment terms are payments made within 30 days of the invoice date or by the course date, whichever falls first.
Fees
All prices shown will state whether they are including or excluding VAT.
Copyright
All training materials provided are owned or controlled by IWFM unless otherwise stated. Any training materials or resources provided to students are not to be reproduced, distributed or rebranded/sold without written consent from IWFM.
Cancellations, Refunds & Transfers
If you can no longer attend you can:
transfer to the same course on a different date (up to 48 hours before the course start date)
transfer to another course of the same price (up to 48 hours before the course start date)
substitute a colleague in your place (up to 48 hours before the course start date)
Request a refund, minus a £35+VAT admin fee up to 10 working days before the course
If you cancel less than 10 working days before the event or do not attend you will be liable for the full fee. All refund, substitute and transfer requests must be in writing. The substitute guest details must be provided 48 hours before the course. If you need /or wish to transfer or substitute then contact the administration team (academy@IWFM.co.uk) as soon as possible to discuss your options. Original bookings can be substituted or transferred once. After the initial substitution or transfer, you will be liable for the full fee.
We reserve the right cancel the event if unavoidable or if it is not profitable. If a date is changed then this will be advised in writing via email to you no less than 11 working days before the event.
If a course is cancelled for any reason, then we will endeavour to advise you in writing no less than 12 working days. However, in the advent of the trainer being sick or unavoidably delayed on the day of a course then we will endeavour to contact you as soon as we possibly can via telephone, or if unable then a representative online will explain the situation.
Technical Issues
Our virtual courses require access to a computer (PC or Mac) which has a microphone included (or additional microphone installed and set up), a strong internet connection and a pair of headphones.
However, IWFM is not responsible for technical problems encountered due to your PC or internet browser not supporting the courses.
Privacy policy
At IWFM we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of the customers who take our courses, so we will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully and we adhere to all UK Data protection legislation, (e.g. the Data Protection Act 1998).
IWFM is the data controller of the information collected at our courses or given to us on-line. We will collect the personal data that you provide when you register or make a purchase, which you agree to supply to us as accurate.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed here. IWFM collects personal data and information such as date of birth, gender, age, name, address, email, IWFM membership status & number and contact telephone numbers.
Use of your information
We use the information you supply so that we can provide our services to you. We may also use that information for one or more of the following purposes:
i.To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.
ii. To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of legitimate interest to you.
iii. To inform you of any changes to our courses, website, services or goods and products.
iiii. To provide your information such as job title, company name, and whether or not you are a IWFM member to the trainer in question so that they may provide information during the course that is relevant to your job role and industry.
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide you with details of goods or services that we think may be of interest to you. If you don’t want to receive these details, simply opt out.
How to opt-out
Registered members may occasionally receive from us new products and service information along with special deals. If you no longer wish to receive our promotional materials or special offers you may opt-out of receiving these by sending an email to academy@IWFM.org.uk containing the contact details that you wish removed.
Correction / updating personal information
To update or remove your details please email academy@IWFM.or.uk
Notification of changes
Any changes to the IWFM privacy policy will be published on the IWFM website.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold. Please note that an administrative fee will be payable, this will not amount to more than £10.
Academy Online Courses Terms & Conditions
Please read the following terms and conditions and privacy policy, and if you wish to proceed, use the ‘I accept’ button to proceed to payment. Once payment is made, you will gain access to your purchased online courses.
Definitions
“the Customer” and “You” means the user of the Product
“IWFM”, “IWFM Academy”, “we” and “us” means IWFM, registered in England and Wales under No. 2849598 whose registered office is 1st Floor South, Charringtons House, The Causeway, Bishops Stortford, Hertfordshire, CM23 2ER, UK
“the Product” and “Products” means the online courses and any documents or information provided by IWFM through the IWFM Academy Website
“the Fee” means the Fee paid by the Customer to access and use the Products
“permitted use”    means the Product as set out in section two
“Website" means www.IWFMacademy.com
Permissions and restrictions of use
This Website may be used for your own private purposes and in accordance with these terms of use. Subject to the payment of the Fee and subject to the restrictions laid out in these Terms and Conditions the Customer shall be granted a licence to:
- use the Product for their own personal and/or business purposes
- print and download material from this Website provided that You do not modify, reproduce or distribute any content without our prior written consent.
- have unlimited access to the Product within the allowed access period.
You are NOT permitted to:
- permit other individuals to use the course or access to your personal login
- rebrand/sell or distribute any course or content within as your own without written consent from IWFM
- the Customer will not sell any part of the Product to third parties
- You may not in any way copy or otherwise distribute the online course content without the written consent of IWFM
- the course cannot be transferred to another person
- the Customer will not distribute forms, documents and other materials to third parties for sale or resale whether as part of a package or as a separate product
- the Customer will not rent, lease, sub-licence or loan any forms, documents or other parts of the service to third parties.
- IWFM warrants that it has the right to license the Product to You and it will use reasonable skill and care in the provision of the Product.
IWFM remain the owner of the intellectual property of all of the online courses, excluding Introduction to Financial Modelling, Grammar & Effective Writing, Presentation Skills, Communication for Professional Success, Presenting Financial Data, Building Personal Resilience, Managing Workload, and Innovation. The intellectual property of these courses is owned by Nelson Croom. No online course in whole or in part may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any way without prior written consent from IWFM.
Access
When You purchase a course your access period will begin. You will then have 120 days of unlimited access to use the course. If You do not use the course within that time, IWFM are not required to extend your access period but may do so if requested in writing and with valid reason at the sole discretion of IWFM. IWFM have the right to withdraw a course at any time, but will endeavour to give You three months’ notice.
Cancellations, Refunds and Termination
You have the right to cancel your order from the point of purchase for a period of 14  days. The right to cancel can be lost during the cancellation period if the service is provided in full before the 14 days elapses. After the 14 day period, refunds are at the sole discretion of IWFM.
Privacy
Any details which You provide to us are held and processed in accordance with the Data Protection Register. For further details see our Privacy Policy, situated at the end of these Terms and Conditions.
While we strive to keep any information You enter onto our booking system secure, please be aware that the internet is not a fully secure medium.
Use of communications facilities
Within our courses You will see areas where You can add your contribution and see comments from other users. IWFM is not responsible for these contributions and cannot be held liable for any such contributions. Furthermore any answers that You submit may be shared anonymously with other users and You must therefore comply with the terms of clause 8 below. Failure to do so will result in suspension of access without refund.
Visitor provided material
Any material that a visitor or Customer of this Website sends or posts to this Website or its Products shall be considered non-proprietary and non-confidential. We shall be entitled to copy, disclose, distribute or use for such other purpose as we deem appropriate all material provided to us, with the exception of personal data and information, the use of which is covered under our Privacy Policy.
When using this Website or its Products You shall not post or send to or from this Website any material:
- for which You have not obtained all necessary consents
- that is discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, liable to incite racial hatred, in breach of confidentiality or privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to others, which encourages or constitutes conduct that - would be deemed a criminal offence, give rise to a civil liability, or otherwise is contrary to the law in the United Kingdom & Ireland. Please see section 14. Law and Jurisdiction for more information regarding this.
- that is harmful in nature including, and without limitation to, computer viruses, Trojan horses, corrupted data, or other potentially harmful software or data.
- We will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring us to disclose the identity or other details of any person posting material to this Website in breach of this clause.
Goods, pricing and availability
The prices of the courses are displayed in the course listings on the IWFM website and exclude VAT, and are liable to change. The amount charged to You will be in the currency stated. Should your credit or debit card be billed in another currency the amount charged to You shall be the equivalent to the price quoted on the basis of the exchange rate charged by your payment card provider on the day of purchase.
All reasonable measures are taken by us to ensure that our Website is operational all day, every day, but we cannot guarantee that it will operate continuously or without interruption. However, occasionally technical issues may result in some downtime and accordingly we will not be liable if this is the case.
Where possible we always try to give advance warning of any maintenance issues that may result in Website down time but we shall not be obliged to provide such notice.
Our courses require no software other than a browser connected to the Internet. However, IWFM is not responsible for technical problems encountered due to your PC or internet browser not supporting the courses.
Links to and from other web sites
IWFM provide links to third party websites for your convenience. These are accessed at your own risk and IWFM makes no representations whatsoever about any other websites You may access through the Products and is not responsible in any way for the content, personal data provided to, or use of any third party website or for goods or services provided by the operators of these websites. The provision of a link to such a website does not mean that we endorse or recommend that website. If You visit any website via a link on this Website You do so at your own sole risk.
Any party wishing to link to this Website is entitled to do so provided that the conditions below are observed:
(a) You do not seek to imply that we are endorsing the services or products of another party unless this has been agreed with us in writing
(b) You do not misrepresent your relationship with this Website or the IWFM; and
(c) the website from which You link to this website does not contain offensive or otherwise controversial content or, content that infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of a third party.
By linking to this Website in breach of this clause You shall indemnify us for any loss or damage suffered to this Website as a result of such linking.
Disclaimer
Whilst we do take all reasonable steps to make sure that the information on this Website is up to date and accurate at all times we do not guarantee that all material is accurate and, or up to date or complete.
All material contained on this website and within the Product is provided without any warranty of any kind, and IWFM accept no liability for any loss or damage in relation to it. You use the material located on  this Website at your own risk.
Refund policy
IWFM operates a refund policy which states you have 14 days to request a refund which starts the moment you place your order and ends 14 days from the day you receive access. The right to cancel can be lost during the cancellation period if the service is provided in full before the 14 days elapses. Any Customer wishing to avail themselves of the refund policy should contact IWFM for further information. See cancellations, refunds and termination clause 5
Exclusion of liability
Subject to the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions, IWFM shall not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss (all three of which terms include, without limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss of business, depletion of goodwill and similar loss), costs, damages, charges or expenses caused directly or indirectly by your use of the online courses or any delay in the provision of access to or non-availability of access to the Services.
It remains the responsibility of the Customer to ensure that any form or document acquired as part of the Product is appropriate and complete in all respects for its intended purpose. IWFM accepts liability for direct loss arising from IWFM not having used reasonable skill and care in the provision of the Product, up to the price You have paid to IWFM, in any year up to the amount of the claim. IWFM accepts liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence and responsibility for fraudulent misrepresentation that cannot by English law be excluded.
No liability shall attach to IWFM or its employees or authors for loss or damage of any nature suffered as a result of the use of the Product or for any errors or omissions in the contents of the Product.
Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute relating to this Agreement shall fall within that jurisdiction, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
General
Any formal legal notices should be sent to us at the address at the end of these Terms and Conditions by email confirmed by post.
Failure by us to enforce a right does not result in waiver of such right.
You may not assign or transfer your rights under this agreement.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions is intended to, nor shall it, confer any benefit on a third party whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise.
We may amend these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting a variation on the web site.
Privacy Policy
At IWFMacademy.com we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of visitors and customers to our web site and users of our online courses, so we will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (we adhere to all UK Data protection legislation, e.g. the Data Protection Act 1998). This Privacy Policy only relates to the IWFMAcademy.com site and does not extend to your use of the rest of the Internet.
This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you give us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site.
IWFM is the owner of the information collected on this site. We will collect the personal data that you provide when you register or make a purchase, which you agree to supply us as accurate.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed here. IWFM collects personal data and information such as date of birth, gender, age, name, address, email, IWFM membership status & number and contact telephone numbers.
We do not store any of your financial details.
Log files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, display appropriate currency, administer the site, track movement through the site, and gather statistics to make improvements to serve our customers better. These IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies setting on your computer.
Use of your information
We use the information you supply so that we can provide our services to you. We may also use that information for one or more of the following purposes:
i. To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.
ii. To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of legitimate interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information.
iii. To inform you of any changes to our website, services or goods and products.
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide you with details of goods or services that we think that you may be of interest to you. If you don’t want to receive these details, simply opt out.
How to opt-out
Registered members may occasionally receive from us new products and service information along with special deals. If you no longer wish to receive our promotional materials and special offers you may opt-out of receiving these by sending an email to academy@IWFM.org.uk containing the contact details that you wish removed.
Links
Our web site contains links to information on other web sites. On web sites we do not control, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any personal or sensitive information that you provide while visiting those sites. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy or the IWFM data protection register, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you’ll need to check that site’s privacy statement.
Surveys & contests
From time to time we may request information via surveys or contests to gather feedback to improve the service. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you can choose whether to take part or not.
Information requested may include additional personal & sensitive data, such as demographic information. If you are lucky enough to have won, we may publish your name online or in publications in direct relation to the competition. We use survey information to see what our users think or to improve your use and satisfaction of the site.
Site and service updates
We will send you site and service announcement updates. Once a user of our Website, you can’t unsubscribe from service announcements as these contain important information about the service. We will communicate with you to provide requested services and about issues relating to your account by email or phone.
Correction/updating personal information
If any of your personal data changes or if you no longer require our service, we will help you to correct, update or remove your personal data from our CRM, just contact us as soon as anything changes to ensure you always receive up-to-date information.  If you no longer wish to receive our promotional materials and special offers you may opt-out of receiving these by sending an email to academy@IWFM.org.uk containing the contact details that you wish removed.
Notification of changes
If we amend our privacy policy at any time,  we will post those changes on our website homepage so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use your personal data and information we hold in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by way of an email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we can use the information in this different manner. We will use personal data in accordance with current UK legislation.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold. Please note that an administrative fee will be payable, this will not amount to more than £10.
Academy Face-to-Face and Package Deal Courses Terms and Conditions
You will not be registered on a face-to-face training course being delivered by IWFM Academy until you have accepted these Terms and Conditions.
Payment Terms
Payment terms are payments made within 30 days of the invoice date or by the course date, whichever falls first. For package deals, payment terms are within 30 days of the invoice or by the first course date in your package, whichever falls first.
Package Deal Date Selections
To secure your package deal, we encourage you to let us know (via phone or email) which dates you can attend from the published schedule as soon as possible to avoid disappointment. Academy courses sell out quickly and IWFM cannot be held responsible for any courses which are fully booked. If your chosen date is no longer available, IWFM will accommodate you wherever possible with an equivalent course.
Fees
All prices shown will state whether they are including or excluding VAT. The course fees quoted include full course documentation and resources, certificate of attendance, and lunch & refreshments when stated as being included in the course listing information.
Copyright
All training materials provided are owned or controlled by IWFM unless otherwise stated. Any training materials or resources provided to students are not to be reproduced, distributed or rebranded/sold without written consent from IWFM.
Cancellations, Refunds & Transfers
For all IWFM Academy face to face courses a £35 + VAT (per course) admin fee will be deducted from your refund if you cancel more than 12 working days before an event.
ALL Cancellations MUST be in writing. If you cancel less than 12 working days before the event or do not attend you will be liable for the full fee. Substitutes and transfers can also be made up to 12 working days before the course date. All requests must be in writing and alternative guest details must be provided outside of the 12 working days. If you need /or wish to transfer or substitute then contact the administration team (academy@IWFM.co.uk) as soon as possible to discuss your options. Original bookings can be substituted or transferred once. After the initial substitution or transfer, you will be liable for the full fee.
We reserve the right to change the venue and we also reserve the right to cancel the event if unavoidable or if it is not profitable. If a venue is changed then this will be advised in writing via email to you no less than 11 working days before the event.
If a course is cancelled for any reason, then we will endeavour to advise you in writing no less than 12 working days. However, in the advent of the trainer being sick or unavoidably delayed on the day of a course then we will endeavour to contact you as soon as we possibly can via telephone, or if unable then a representative at the venue will explain the situation.
The standard refund policy applies for package deals provided the refund is requested in full – partial refunds for package deals are not possible. If you have already attended one or more courses from your package deal, you can transfer your remaining bookings to equivalently priced courses, or someone can be substituted in your place providing you let us know 12 working days before the event.
Privacy policy
At IWFM we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of the customers who take our courses, so we will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully and we adhere to all UK Data protection legislation, (e.g. the Data Protection Act 1998).
IWFM is the data controller of the information collected at our courses or given to us on-line. We will collect the personal data that you provide when you register or make a purchase, which you agree to supply to us as accurate.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed here. IWFM collects personal data and information such as date of birth, gender, age, name, address, email, IWFM membership status & number and contact telephone numbers.
Use of your information
We use the information you supply so that we can provide our services to you. We may also use that information for one or more of the following purposes:
i. To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.
ii. To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of legitimate interest to you.
iii. To inform you of any changes to our courses, website, services or goods and products.
iiii. To provide your information such as job title, company name, and whether or not you are a IWFM member to the trainer in question so that they may provide information during the course that is relevant to your job role and industry.
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide you with details of goods or services that we think may be of interest to you. If you don’t want to receive these details, simply opt out.
How to opt-out
Registered members may occasionally receive from us new products and service information along with special deals. If you no longer wish to receive our promotional materials or special offers you may opt-out of receiving these by sending an email to academy@IWFM.org.uk containing the contact details that you wish removed.
Surveys & contests
From time to time we may request information via surveys or contests to gather feedback to improve the service. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you can choose whether to take part or not.
Information requested may include additional personal & sensitive data, such as demographic information. If you are lucky enough to have won, we may publish your name online or in publications in direct relation to the competition. We use survey information to see what our users think or to improve our courses for you.
Correction / updating personal information
To update or remove your details please email academy@IWFM.or.uk
Notification of changes
Any changes to the IWFM privacy policy will be published on the IWFM website.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold. Please note that an administrative fee will be payable, this will not amount to more than £10.
IWFM Direct Terms and Conditions
How To Apply For Online Qualifications
The application form should be completed and returned with payment and photographic ID via email or post. IWFM will acknowledge receipt of an application within two working days.
Preferred method of payment is either BACS or credit/debit card – all major cards are accepted.  All credit/debit card details are destroyed once payment has been confirmed.
Fees may also be paid by cheque. Cheques should be made payable to IWFM. To pay via this method please attach the cheque to the application form and post to the address on the below form.
If a company is to be invoiced for the fee, a purchase order number and company details MUST be included on the form.  It is a condition of acceptance of the application that invoices are paid within 30 days and IWFM reserve the right to refuse access to the on-line learning programme until payment has been received.
If payment is made by BACS, please quote “IWFM Direct” as a reference and ensure a Remittance Advice is sent to academy@iwfm.org.uk, along with the completed application form, so that payment can be allocated to an application.
If the full payment is not made IWFM reserves the right to suspend the provision of the on-line learning and cancel the any free studying membership where applicable (see note 8).
For all registrations please attach a copy of photographic ID with the applicant’s signature e.g. passport, driving license etc.
Important: Applications will NOT BE PROCESSED until payment is received.   We regret we are unable to accept telephone applications.
Once the full application and full payment or the deposit for the direct debit option is received the registration will be processed. Please note the registration process can take up to five working days. Within this period the learner will be emailed their access details to start their online learning. Please note the two year registration period automatically begins the same day the access details are sent.
Cancellations, Transfers, Deferrals and Expirations of Registration
Cancellation requests
The purchase of an online qualification can be cancelled and a full refund provided within 14 days of the confirmation of payment (referred to as the “cooling period”) ONLY if the activation code has not been activated.
Please be aware that the fee for the online IWFM qualification is non-refundable if the activation code has been activated or the 14 day cooling period has passed.
For any cancellations there will be a £35 + VAT administration fee. This will be deducted from the refund.
Transfer requests
Within the two year registration period (see note 3) a learner may transfer their registration to a different size qualification at the same level or different level. However please note the current registration period and expiry date will still stand and will not be extended.
If the transfer is to a larger qualification the learner will only be charged the difference in the current qualification fee.
If the transfer is to a smaller qualification there will be no additional fees. Please note there will be no reimbursement to the learner for this either.
If the learner requests more than one transfer within the same registration period an admin fee of £35+VAT will apply.
Deferrals
A deferral can be requested within the first year of study for up to one year. Please refer to the Awarding Organisations’ deferral policy for further details.
Expirations/ Re-registrations
If a learner does not commence or complete their qualification within the two year registration period and his/her registration expires, there will be NO reimbursement of any fees.
If a learner wants to continue his/her studies following the expiration of the registration period he/she will be liable to pay the re-registration fee for the online IWFM qualification for another two year registration period.
Registration Period
The learner registration period is two years, meaning a learner has two years in which to complete his/her studies to achieve the qualification. The registration period begins on the day the learner is emailed the activation details and NOT when the learner activates or accesses the online qualification.
Assessments and Results
Although the qualification levels have no formal entry requirements, IWFM strongly recommends the learner register for the level that best suits his/her knowledge and experience. Should the learner be unsure of what level to choose IWFM would recommend contacting them to discuss.
Learners’ assignments are marked by a team of experienced practitioners who are qualified assessors.
IWFM qualifications are not graded – the result is either ‘Achieved’ or ‘Not Achieved’
For each unit there is an assessment section – this is broken down into a number of tasks. The tasks require a written assessment to be submitted for marking. All the tasks for a specific unit will need to be completed before being submitting for marking.
A maximum of three submissions is allowed per unit. Should a learner exceed this the IWFM will review the learner’s progress and suggest alternative options.
Appeals
A learner may appeal against an assessment decision.  An appeal must be lodged in writing to the IWFM within 14 days of receipt of the results. IWFM cannot accept applications for appeals after this time.  IWFM cannot be held responsible for any correspondence that is lost in transit.
A charge of £35 per unit is payable and will be refunded in full should the appeal be upheld.
IWFM will acknowledge receipt of an appeal within two working days and aims to advise the outcome of an appeal within 4 weeks.
Certificates
Qualification certificates will be issued following the successful completion of the requisite number of credits for the chosen qualification.
Please allow up to six weeks for your certificate to arrive. If you are located outside the UK this may take up to eight weeks.
Please note that the name entered on the application form will be the name printed on the certificate. If any changes are required after the certificate has been issued an administration charge of £35 + VAT may apply.
How IWFM will use your data
To understand how IWFM may use your data and your rights relating to this, please see our privacy policy: https://www.IWFM.org.uk/IWFM/privacy
Additional Information
Further information about the IWFM qualifications is contained in the learner handbook, which will be provided to the learner following the acceptance of application. Or alternatively, the learner handbook is available on the IWFM website: http://www.IWFM.org.uk/IWFM/careerdevelopment
If you are not a member of IWFM at the time of registration, you will receive one year studying membership at Affiliate grade free of charge.
Events
North Region Charity Ball 2020
Photography
Please note professional photographs will be taking place at this event and these images may be used for future promotional material, on social media and for distribution on a memory stick as a gift for those who book 5 tickets or more. The photos and distribution of the memory stick are being managed and organised by the IWFM North Region Committee.
Please note that by attending the event, you are agreeing for your image to be used on IWFM promotional materials. If you do not wish to be photographed, please email Mark Muncaster or Sarah Marles on mark.muncaster@eu.jll.com or sarahmarles123@gmail.com so appropriate steps can be taken to ensure you are not included. We will need a photo for identification purposes and your details.
Payment
All invoices must be paid no later than 30 days from receipt of invoice, or before the event date, whichever comes first.
Full provision of postal address, e-mail and telephone is required before a booking can be guaranteed. All such information will be recorded in the IWFM database and handled in accordance with IWFM privacy policy
Cancellation Terms
Should you need to cancel your attendance to IWFM North Region Charity Ball you may nominate a colleague to attend in your place up until 96 hours prior to the start of the event. No refund will be issued for cancelled bookings. Please note that full refunds will be issued to delegates should the event be cancelled by the organisers. Please contact the IWFM North Region Committee should you wish to cancel your place at IWFM North Region Charity Ball.
Miscellaneous
If you or your party have any requirements due to a disability or any other reason, please notify the IWFM North Region Committee to discuss requirements. Attendance means agreement to comply with both IWFM's and the venue's policies and procedures at all times during the event. Where the attendees do not sign the booking form for this event, the customer signing the booking form shall procure that those attending are bound by these terms.
IWFM North Region Committee reserve the right to refuse admission to any person whom it considers in its absolute discretion to be unsuitable for admission to the Charity Ball or to remove any such person after the commencement of the event.
International SIG's overseas trip to Paris 2020
Payment
All payments must be paid by credit or debit card
Full provision of postal address, e-mail and telephone is required before a booking can be guaranteed. All such information will be recorded in the IWFM database and handled in accordance with IWFM privacy policy
Cancellation Terms
Should you need to cancel your attendance to IWFM International SIGs overseas trip, you may nominate a colleague to attend in your place. No refund will be issued for cancelled bookings. Please note that full refunds will be issued to delegates should the event be cancelled by the organisers. Please contact the IWFM International SIG Committee should you wish to cancel your place.
Miscellaneous
If you have any requirements due to a disability or any other reason, please notify the IWFM International SIG Committee to discuss requirements. Attendance always means agreement to comply with both IWFM’s and any venues policies and procedures during the event. Where the attendees do not sign the booking form for this event, the customer signing the booking form shall procure that those attending are bound by these terms.
North Region Golf Day 2020
Disclaimers
Whilst the programme is correct at time of going to press, IWFM reserves the right to change details of the event without notice. Alterations may occasionally be necessary due to circumstances beyond our control.
Where circumstances force IWFM to cancel an event, the liability of IWFM shall be limited to a refund of any fees paid for that particular event. IWFM is not liable for any consequential loss.
Views expressed by speakers are their own. IWFM disclaims any liability for advice given, or views expressed, by any speaker at the event or in any documentation provided to delegates.
Professional photography and video production may be taking place at the event, and these images may be used on future promotional materials for IWFM events.
Please note that by attending the event, you are giving your consent for your image to be used on any IWFM promotional materials or video recordings. If you do not wish for your image to be used, please do advise the organisers via email.
Personal belongings
Personal belongings and items belonging to or in the possession of the delegate brought onto the venue are the sole responsibility of the owner and IWFM accepts no responsibility for such items. Delegates using the car parking facilities at the venue do so entirely at their own risk. IWFM accepts no responsibility for damage, accident or loss resulting from such use.
Miscellaneous
If you have any requirements due to a disability or any other reason please notify IWFM to discuss requirements.
If you have any dietary requirements, please notify IWFM North Region Committee.
IWFM. All Rights Reserved Disclaimer
Sitemap
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Payments
Work for IWFM
Contact Us
© 2019 IWFM - Company Reg No: 2849598 - IWFM, Charringtons House, 1st Floor South, The Causeway, Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire, CM23 2ER, UK
Design & Development by Pixl8 Group