http://www.vmsinc.com/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy PolicyVisual Marking Systems, Inc. (VMS) respects the privacy of your personal information. The following policy is intended to explain how VMS treats this information.Normal Website UsageAs a visitor to this website, you may engage in many activities without providing any personal information. VMS may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in this activity. If you elect to engage in this activity, however, VMS may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, employer, job title and department, telephone and fax numbers, and other personal information.What Information Is CollectedWhen you use our website, VMS may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the website and its services. For example, we may log environmental variables such as how many users we receive daily, browser type, operating system, CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol address of your computer. We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of our website and its services. VMS also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on our website. Without expressly informing you in each particular circumstance, we do not match such information with any of your personal information.Use of CookiesWe do not use cookies on our website. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie.Children’s PrivacyVMS is considered a general audience website. However, protecting the privacy of young children is extremely important. For that reason, VMS will never collect or maintain information from those individuals known to be under the age of 13, and no part of VMS is intentionally structured to attract anyone under the age of 13.No Representation or WarrantyVMS reserves the right to modify the information contained on this site at any time without notice. While VMS makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that all material on this site is correct, accuracy cannot be guaranteed and VMS. does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of any information contained on this site. This site and all information and materials contained herein, is provided to you “as is” without warranty of any kind.Our website may contain links to websites whose information practices may be different than ours. VMS makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of the information contained in any such hypertext link, and any hypertext link to another person or entity shall not in any manner be construed as endorsement by VMS of such person’s or entity’s World Wide Web site, products or services. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as VMS does not have control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.Your confidential use of this site cannot be guaranteed by VMS. VMS shall not be responsible for any harm that you or any other person may suffer as a result of a breach of confidentiality in respect to your use of this site.All of the information contained in this site is for information purposes only. By using this site, you signify your assent to the Visual Marking Systems, Inc. Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site.Contact InformationVisual Marking Systems, Inc. welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. As needed or appropriate, VMS will update, amend, or change this Privacy Policy. All policy changes will be posted. If you believe that VMS has not adhered to this Statement, or if you have any questions or comments, please contact:Webmaster Visual Marking Systems, Inc. 2097 East Aurora Road Twinsburg, OH 44087 CALL US: 800-321-1496