http://www.chempoint.com/cookie-policy
12/11/2020 6:47:19 AM
COVID-19 Supply Chain and Business Update
//close banner
ChemPoint
ChemPoint
main navigation
Products
Company
English - US
My Account
Contact Us
Go Back
Go Back
Products
Company
Region
My Account
Contact Us
By Industry
By Manufacturer
Adhesives
Agriculture
Building & Construction
Care Chemicals
Coatings
Elastomers
Energy
Facility Infrastructure
Food & Beverage
Inks
Lubricant Formulation
Maintenance, Repair, Overhaul
Metal Processing & Fabrication
Personal Care
Plastics
Silicones
Transportation
Water Treatment
3M
Afton Chemical
Ashland
BASF
Celanese
Chemours
Chevron Phillips Chemical Company
Dianal
Dow
DuPont
Eastman
Grace
Henkel
Ingredion
Livent Lithium
PMC Biogenix
SI Group
Stepan Specialty Products
Tate & Lyle
Westlake
View all manufacturers
About Us
Who We Are
Why ChemPoint
Support
Careers
Contact Us
News
Events
Select Your Region
United States
English
Spanish
Canada
English
French
Mexico
English
Spanish
Europe, Middle East, Africa
English
Farsi
Dutch
Spanish
Portuguse
Itailian
New to ChemPoint?
Place an order online, track your orders, download SDS and TDS, and see your quotes, all in one secure place.
Create an Account
Ready to Start?
If you are already a ChemPoint customer then sign up for access to our online ordering website.
Get Online Access
Sign-In?
With an account you can check out faster, view your online order history and access your shopping bag or saved items from any device.
Sign In
When You're Ready
Talk to an Expert
Available Monday-Friday
8 AM to 5 PM Pacific Time
425.372.9464
Support Articles
Have an order or account question, find answers in our Online Support articles.
View Support Articles
Online Inquiry
Have a ChemPoint expert contact you.
Ask a question
Other Contact Options
Cookie Policy
Manage Cookie Preferences
Purpose of Notice
Univar is committed to protecting your privacy according to applicable laws, regulations, and best practices.  Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements; some, including the US, may provide less legal protection for Personal Information (PI), while some will provide more legal protection. This Notice is to inform you about the purposes for which Univar collects and uses PI, the steps Univar takes to ensure the integrity and security of such data, the choices and means Univar offers your company to limit the use and disclosure of your PI, and how to contact Univar about your PI. PI means any information about, or relating to, an identified or identifiable employee of your company.
How Univar Collects Personal Information
Where permitted by law, Univar collects PI directly from your company; from its subsidiaries and affiliates; or from third parties, including but not limited to, insurance agents, vendors, and government agencies.
Cookies
Some of our web pages may use cookies. A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file on your computer’s hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, please note that declining cookies may hinder some of the functionality of Univar’s website. You can also manually remove cookies from your system after accessing our site.
Purpose for Collecting and Using Personal Information
Univar collects PI in support of the establishment, execution, continuation, or termination of your relationship with Univar. Univar will only collect, use, or process sensitive PI where permitted or required by law, or consented by you. Univar considers volunteering of such information as consent and will only use the information in the context in which you volunteered it.
Where permitted by law, we process your PI to carry out and support day to day business operations such as promotions, marketing, sales, negotiations, obtaining of goods and services, to maintain contact with you, comply with our contractual and legal obligations, and protect your company, you and your employees, and the public against injury, theft, legal liability, fraud, and abuse.
Onward Transfer
Univar is a global organization with global processes and practices; our servers, databases, and service providers are located in the United States and other countries. Where permitted by law, Univar may send PI to its subsidiaries and affiliates as well as third parties including but not limited to, service providers, external parties, law enforcement and government authorities or Univar’s successors in the event Univar sells or transfers all or a portion of its business assets. In each of these circumstances, Univar will take all reasonable steps to ensure any transfer is done within the confines of any applicable law and in a secure manner, is necessary to perform the services required, and is executed in a manner consistent with this Notice.
Data Integrity and Data Security
Univar will take all reasonable steps to protect your PI, keep your PI reliable for its intended use, accurate, current, and complete, as well as in identifiable form only for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected.
Your Choice
Univar will notify you and obtain consent prior to using your PI in a manner inconsistent with the purposes described in this Notice, purposes disclosed at the time of collection, or purposes subsequently authorized.
Access
Upon request, you may view or provide edits, corrections and updates to your PI subject to this notice.
Amendments
Univar may amend this Notice by posting a revised version on Univar’s internet website homepage.
More Information
Univar complies with U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union Member countries and Switzerland. Univar has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Univar’s certification, please visit www.export.gov/safeharbor/.
Contact Univar
If you have any questions about this Notice or you would like to submit an inquiry about how Univar processes your PI, you may contact Univar in the following ways:
Email Univar’s Privacy Program at dataprivacy@univar.com,
Mail Univar’s Privacy Program at 17411 NE Union Hill Road, Redmond, WA 98052 USA, ATTN: Privacy Program Manager, or
Contact the Privacy Counsel in Europe, ME/A at T +41 (0)58 360 7212 or dataprivacy.EMEA@univareurope.com.
Univar will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints regarding PI in accordance with this Notice. For complaints that have not been
satisfactorily addressed, you may use the EU Data Protection Authorities Panel at https://ec.europa.eu/commission/index_en
(for complaints concerning personal information received from the EU or EEA), or you may contact the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner of Switzerland (FDPIC) at https://www.edoeb.admin.ch (for complaints concerning personal information received from Switzerland). We will cooperate fully with any investigation by the European Data Protection Authorities or the Swiss FDPIC.
Effective Date: April 6, 2015
Please choose your region.
Available regions for this page
English - United States
English - Canada
English - Europe, Middle East, Africa
English - Mexico
Hi, let us know if you have any questions as you visit our website.