https://www.jumasigns.com.au/privacy-and-spam-policy
Privacy and Spam Policy | Juma Signs
for the design edge
Home
Gallery
About Us
Contact us
What we do
Quote
Privacy and Spam Policy Privacy Policy
It is Juma Signs’s policy to respect the privacy of all of our website visitors.
Juma Signs will take all reasonable actions to conform to the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000 and all other relevant legislation including state, Commonwealth and international law and regulations.
When you use our online quote submission service, we collect some information about you to in order to contact you in the future regarding the quote. However, we do not provide any information including your name, email address or mobile phone number to third party groups.
We do not monitor, edit, or disclose any personal information about you or your use of the service, including its contents, without your prior permission unless we believe such action is necessary to:
Conform to legal requirements or comply with a legal procedure.
Protect and defend Scene Promotions rights and property.
Enforce the Scene Promotions Conditions of Use (COU).
Protect the interests of our subscribers or others.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our web site and compile aggregate user information.
Information that you have provided to us is stored in accordance with our site security policy and we take reasonable steps to ensure that member information is secure from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
We will correct your personal information upon request and whenever we are notified by you that personal information held is incorrect or incomplete.
For the purpose of this policy, “our”, “we”, or “us” means Juma Signs, and any of these organisations’ subsidiaries, employees or affiliates.
If you have any concerns about our privacy policy, please email us at email hidden; JavaScript is required.
Spam Policy
Juma Signs is committed to complying with its obligations under the Spam Act 2003 (Cth), at all times.
Juma Signs assures you that:
Juma Signs has crafted an internal policy to educate its staff on the legislation and implement clear guidelines and rules in relation to the dissemination of commercial electronic messages;
Juma Signs will not send you any unsolicited commercial electronic messages without your consent;
You are at liberty to unsubscribe from any mailing list to which you have previously subscribed. If for any reason there appears to be no facility to end your subscription, please send us an email to email hidden; JavaScript is required advising of your wish to unsubscribe, or you may call +61-3 9781 3873 and request to speak to our Administrator; and
Juma Signs promises not to use address-harvesting software in any circumstances.
To assist Juma Signs to combat Spam we kindly request your assistance with the following:
If you receive an offensive message, which appears to originate from a Juma Signs email address, please assume that it has been sent in error and notify us immediately on the above noted contact details;
Please ensure that you unsubscribe from any of Juma Signs’s mailing lists if you decide you no longer wish to receive commercial messages from Juma Signs; and
If you do subscribe to Juma Signs’s mailing lists, please ensure that we have your current details at all times, by updating us on any change in or cancellation of your email address.
We appreciate your cooperation.
4 Franklin Court, Frankston Vic 3199.
-
Telephone: (03) 9781 3873
-
Email:
Please read our Conditions of use
and Privacy Policy.
Copyright © 2020. All Rights Reserved.
Website Designed and Hosted by Kinetic Web Services