https://www.gul.com/privacy
Into The Water – Since ‘67
£ GBP
£ GBP
£ GBP - Pounds Sterling€ EUR - Euros$ AUD - Australian Dollars$ NZD - New Zealand Dollars$ ARS - Argentine Pesos$ USD - US Dollars¥ JPY - Japanese Yen
Search
Basket 0 Items £0.00
You currently have no items in your shopping basket
Menu
Back
Surf
Back
Sail
Back
Kayak
Back
SUP
Back
Into The Water
Back
Outlet
£ GBP
£ GBP - Pounds Sterling€ EUR - Euros$ AUD - Australian Dollars$ NZD - New Zealand Dollars$ ARS - Argentine Pesos$ USD - US Dollars¥ JPY - Japanese Yen
PRIVACY POLICY
We view the security of our customer's data as paramount. Any personal data you provide to us and from which you can be identified is stored securely and confidentially and is processed in accordance with applicable legislation and this privacy policy, which sets out what personal data we collect about you when you interact with us and how we use your data.
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect against unauthorised or unlawful processing of your personal data, including encrypting your information to applicable industry standards.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
So you only need to look in one place to find out all you need to know about how the Group collects and processes your personal information, this policy covers our Website (being any website operated by Lovell Sports Limited), our App (being any app operated by Lovell Sports Limited), our stores and any correspondence you have with the Group in relation to our retail offering.
Any changes we make to this policy will be reflected on this page and notified to you by email, where appropriate.
Who we are
As set out in our terms and conditions, this Website and the App are operated by Lovell Sports Limited, whose registered address is Unit A, Brook Park East, Meadow Lane, Shirebrook, NG20 8RY. Company Number: 04184358 ICO registration: ZA047414. Lovell Sports Limited is the data controller in respect of information collected when you browse this Website and the App and purchase our products. If you have any queries regarding our use of personal information or this privacy policy, you can contact the customer services department (email: support@gul.com) or
by writing to Data Protection, Unit A, Brook Park East, Shirebrook, NG20 8RY.
Information we may hold about you
When you register to use our Website or App, purchase a product, apply for a job, enter a competition or promotion run by the Group or contact us, personal data you provide, such as your name, date of birth, contact details (including social media accounts), log in and payment information, will be collected.
When you browse our Website or App, whether or not you are registered, purchase a product, register to receive our emails or make a job application, we and our partner advertising networks, advertisers and advertising affiliates (Third Party Advertisers), will collect user information such as your location, language, assumed gender, IP address, when you visited our Website or App, how you arrived on our Website or App, where you visit after our Website or App, the pages you visited, how long you spend browsing individual pages on our Website or App, any products you have purchased, and the browser (where applicable) and device you used to access our Website or App.
In our premises, including our stores, we use CCTV to monitor and record images for the purposes of security and health and safety, and store the images centrally.
In circumstances where you contact us by telephone, calls may be recorded for quality, training and security purposes. Calls may also be monitored without your consent in the following circumstances: to provide evidence of a business transaction; to prevent or detect a crime; to ensure that the Group complies with regulatory procedures; to see that quality standards or targets are being met; and to secure the effective operation of the telecom system.
If you apply for a job via our Website, you will be directed to a third party site, PeopleBank, which will collect your application information on our behalf, including in relation to your right to work, unspent criminal convictions or pending prosecutions, that you are over 16 and have completed compulsory education, any CV you choose to upload, your contact details, log in information, date of birth, National Insurance number, driving licence status, and employment history. Please read and agree to PeopleBank's privacy policy which is available on its website.
You acknowledge that you do not object to us and third parties identified below, including our Third Party Advertisers, using your personal information for any of the purposes outlined in this privacy policy and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of these purposes as a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
How we may use your personal data
We may use your personal data in the following ways:
to fulfil your order - we require your identification, contact and payment information to enable the relevant Group company to enter into a contract with you and are unable to do so without this information (please note that your details may need to be passed to another company within the Group and/or a third party in order for them to supply or deliver the product that you ordered and we may retain your details for a reasonable period of time after you have completed the transaction in order to fulfil any contractual obligations such as refunds, guarantees etc and to meet any legal obligations for the retention of transactional data);
to tell you about similar products and services, or products and services that you ask us to send you information about, by email, post, mobile, telephone and/or through other digital means (depending on your stated preferences) including social media platforms;
to provide you with services you request from us;
to register you on the Website or App (where this involves setting you up with an account, we will use your personal information to maintain and update your account (e.g. such as a change of address or change in your marketing preferences);
to administer our Website and App;
to analyse, and improve, the use of our Website, App and retail offering, including how you move around our Website, App or retail stores;
to administer any competition run by the Group. Please refer to the specific terms and conditions for each competition;
to measure and analyse our advertising;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you, other users of our Website and App, and users of the services of our Third Party Advertisers about products or services that may interest you or them;
to keep in touch with you regarding your marketing preferences;
to keep our Website, App and network safe and secure;
to process payments and prevent fraudulent transactions (we may pass your details to a third party to carry out these functions); and
to assess and process your job application.
We process this data where you have given us consent to use it, where it is necessary to perform our contract, to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, where required by law or in pursuit of our legitimate interests where these are not overridden by your rights and interests, such as to provide appropriate marketing and to maintain our services.
How long we keep your information
We will not keep your personal information for any purpose(s) for longer than is necessary and we will only retain the relevant personal information that is necessary in relation to the purpose.
We will retain the personal information you provided on registering an account on our Website or App so long as that account remains in existence.
In the case of any contact you may have with our customer services department, we will retain those details for as long as is necessary to resolve your query and for a short period after the query is closed.
On making a purchase through our Website or App, we will retain certain limited personal information such as your name, email address and postal address until you ask us to update or delete those details for the purpose of reporting new and existing users to our affiliate advertisers. We retain transaction information for as long as required by law. We will retain information regarding your website browsing history for a similar period.
If we are legally required or if it is reasonably necessary to meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions, we may also retain some of your personal information for a limited period of time, even after you have closed your account.
We retain CCTV recordings centrally for up to 30 days, and for a longer period if they are relevant to an incident, complaint, investigation or legal proceedings.
We will retain information relating to any job application for as long as it takes to process your application and, if it is unsuccessful, for an additional period of around 6 months. If your application is successful, your information will be retained in accordance with our staff privacy policy.
We will retain your information for a short time beyond the specified retention period, to allow for information to be reviewed and any deletion to take place.
How we might share your personal data
We may share your personal data with:
Other companies in the Group which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006;
Our professional advisers, including, without limitation, our insurers;
Our suppliers, business partners and sub-contractors;
Our Third Party Advertisers; and,
Search engine and web analytics providers.
You can find out more information about the third parties with which we may share your information here.
In the event that we were to sell our business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to any prospective/actual purchaser and/or their advisers.
We may also disclose your personal data where we are subject to a legal obligation to do so, in connection with the prevention or detection of crime, for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending our legal rights, or where we consider that we receive a valid request for disclosure. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your personal information or any other information we obtain about you, we are entitled do so.
Our Website and App may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to these websites.
Where we store your personal data
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Where we do so, the third country's data protection laws will have been approved as adequate by the European Commission, or other applicable safeguards are in place.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data, clicking the unsubscribe button on any communication we have sent to you, by accessing the customer preference centre or by contacting us.
Where you have consented to us using your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
If the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can notify us and ask us to correct or supplement it.
You also have the right, with some exceptions, to ask us to provide a copy of any personal data we hold about you. If you chose to exercise this right, then in certain circumstances any access request may be subject to a fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
From 25 May 2018, if you have a complaint about how we have handled your personal data, you may be able to ask us to restrict how we use your personal data while your complaint is resolved. In some circumstances you can ask us to erase your personal data if you withdraw your consent, it is no longer necessary for us to use your personal data, you object to the use of your personal data and we don't have a good reason to continue to use it, or we haven't handled your personal data in accordance with our obligations.
To exercise these rights or if you have any queries or concerns regarding how we use your personal data, please contact the customer services department (email: support@gul.com or write to Data Protection, Unit A, Brook Park East, Shirebrook, NG20 8RY). If you are not happy with our response, you can contact the Information Commissioner's Office: https://ico.org.uk/
We use cookies to give you the best customer experience possible. If you continue to use our website, we will assume you are happy to receive cookies from us and our partners.
More info
Continue
Status: 404 Not Found (action privacy)