http://www.timesaversinc.com/privacy
Jump to navigation
Search form
Search
Privacy
Last Updated: [02/12/2016]
TIMESAVERS WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
This policy explains our information practices, defines your privacy options and describes how your information is collected and used.
This policy covers the website at https://www.timesaversinc.com (the “Timesavers Website”). The Timesavers Website is owned and operated by [TIMESAVERS LLC] (“Timesavers”). Should you have privacy questions or concerns, send an email to marketing@timesaversinc.com.
By using visiting the Timesavers Website, you agree to the collection and use of information in the manner described in this policy. Timesavers shall have right at any time and without prior notice, at its sole discretion, to revise this policy. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by email, by means of a notice the next time you log in to the Timesavers Website, or by means of a notice on the Timesavers Website homepage. Such revisions and additions shall be effective immediately. You are responsible for reviewing the Timesavers Website periodically for any modification to this policy. Any access or use of the Timesavers Website by you after notice of modifications to this policy shall constitute and be deemed to be your agreement to such modifications.
Information Collected and Information Provided
This policy applies to all information collected by Timesavers on the Timesavers Website and any information you submit to Timesavers or post to the Timesavers Website. You will most likely provide personal information to us when you register as a user of the Timesavers Website, when you use the Timesavers Website or when you participate in certain Timesavers promotions or events. The personal information we may collect includes: the information you submit to Timesavers or post to the Timesavers website, your name, passwords, user names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, debit card information, credit card information and Pay Pal account information.
Your Information
The Timesavers Website may include areas that allow users to post or send information to the Timesavers Website. When you post information to the Timesavers Website, other site visitors can also view that information. We suggest that you use exercise caution when providing personally identifiable information to Timesavers or the Timesavers Website.
How we Use Information
Our primary goal in collecting your information is to provide you with a personalized, relevant, and positive experience with the Timesavers Website.
You can register on the Timesavers Website to receive promotions and updates, or to be contacted for market research purposes. You can control your privacy preferences regarding such marketing communications (see the section below entitled “Your Privacy Preferences”).
From time to time, you may be invited to participate in optional customer surveys or promotions, and Timesavers may request that you provide some or all of the above listed personal information in those surveys or promotions. We use information collected from surveys and promotions to learn about our customers in order to improve our services and develop new products and services of interest to our customers.
In addition to the personal information you supply, we may collect certain information to evaluate how visitors, guests, and customers use the Timesavers Website. We collect data to make the Timesavers Website work better for you in the following ways: to improve the design of the Timesavers Website, to provide personalization on the Timesavers Website and to evaluate the performance of our marketing programs. The technologies we may use to gather this non-personal information may include “IP” addresses, “cookies”, browser detection, and “weblogs” or other methods.
IP addresses define the Internet location of computers and help us better understand the geographic distribution of our visitors and customers and manage the performance of the Timesavers Website. Cookies are tiny files placed onto the hard drive of your computer when you visit the Timesavers Website, so we can immediately recognize you when you return to the Timesavers Website and deliver content specific to your interests. You may modify your browser preferences to accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set, or reject all cookies. Please consult your browser instructions for information on how to modify your choices about cookies. If you modify your browser preferences, certain features of the Timesavers Website may not be available to you.
We may detect the type of web browser you are using to optimize the performance of the Timesavers Website and to understand the mix of browsers used by our visitors, guests, and customers. To learn about how people use our site, we examine weblogs, which show the paths people take through the Timesavers Website and how long they spend in certain areas.
Timesavers may contract with unaffiliated third parties to provide services such as customer communications, website analytics, advertising and other services. When we do this, we may provide your personally identifiable information to third parties only to provide those services, and they are not authorized to use your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
Data Security
Access to your data is limited to authorized Timesavers staff or approved vendors. Although total security does not exist on the Internet, Timesavers shall make commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the information that you submit to Timesavers or that Timesavers collects.
Use of the Timesavers Website by Children
The Timesavers Website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13.
Your Privacy Preferences
When you sign up as a registered user of the Timesavers Website you may begin receiving marketing communications such as e-mail newsletters, product and service updates and promotions. Our visitors generally find this type of information useful. If you do not want to receive these updates, you can use any of the following methods to notify Timesavers that you do not want to receive such information: select the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email and follow the instructions; or send an email to marketing@timesaversinc.com.
How to Access or Correct Your Information
You can access and maintain your personally identifiable information that we collect by sending us an email to marketing@timesaversinc.com. To protect your privacy, we require a user ID and password to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to such personally identifiable information.
Disclosure of Information
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process. It is also possible that Timesavers would sell the company or all or substantially all of its assets. In any transaction of this kind, customer information, including your personally identifiable information, may be among the assets that are transferred. If we decide to so transfer your personally identifiable information, you will be notified by an email sent to the last known email address in our files and/or by notice posted on the Timesavers Website.
Privacy and Other Websites
The Timesavers Website may contain links to other websites. Timesavers is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site, and to read the privacy statements of each web site that collects personally identifiable information. Some linked sites may be co-branded with our trademarks and those of our business partners. They may have the look and feel ofwww.timesaversinc.com, but the URL in your browser window will indicate that you are visiting a different site. This policy only applies to information collected by Timesavers.