http://www.hybridturkeys.com/en/privacy-statement/
This website uses cookies on your device in order to provide the necessary website functionality to enhance website navigation, improve your online experience, analyze website traffic, usage and interaction, and assist in our marketing and advertising efforts. Privacy Policy
Accept all cookies
Manage cookie preferences
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy & Cookie Statement
Privacy Statement
Introduction This
Privacy Statement applies to all data collections and other data processing of
the website www.hybridturkeys.com. Where in this privacy statement the name Hybrid
Turkeys (whether "we" or "us" or "ours") is used,
reference is made to the Hybrid Turkeys and/or the companies belonging to the
group of companies of Hendrix Genetics. Your
privacy is of a great importance to Hybrid Turkeys. We would like to inform you
by our Privacy statement about how we handle the collection of information about
the users of our website. By using the website you agree to the following terms
and conditions.
What do we collect?
You can visit our website anonymously and find out more about Hybrid Turkeys.
We regularly collect information about the users of our website, such as
browser type, duration of the visit, used pages etc.. We cannot identify you
with this information. If you agree with the cookie statement Hendrix Genetics
collect data by using cookies. For further information about the cookies see our
cookie statement. If you voluntarily provide your personal data for subscribing
to our newsletter we collect your e-mail address, First Name, Last Name, and
Company Name. If you have a questions for Hendrix Genetics we collect your
First Name, Last Name, e-mail address and Country.
How do we use your personal data?
If you provide us with your e-mail address or other (indirectly identifiable)
personal data, we will only use this information to send you our newsletter
either answer your questions. If you have indicated that you no longer wish to
receive the newsletter, all your personal data will be removed from our
database. The
personal data we receive after you send us a question will be removed after six
months starting from the date we received your question. If in the
future within Hendrix Genetics a reorganization will be implemented, we may
need to transfer your personal data to another organization. We will disclose
your personal information if we reasonably believe that we are obliged to do so
under the relevant law or regulations. However, with the exception of the
foregoing, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for
any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, direct marketing
purposes.
Cookies
Cookies can be placed by Hybrid Turkeys itself or by other parties with whom Hybrid
Turkeys works with on the website. You may refuse to place the cookies by your
browser so that you do not receive any cookies during the visit of the website.
You can find more information on how to turn cookies on and off in the
instructions and/or by using the Help function of your browser. Hybrid Turkeys uses
functional, analytical and advertising or targeting cookies on their website.
For more information about the use of cookies see our cookie statement.
Hyperlinks
For your convenience, when we have included hyperlinks on our website to third
party websites, please be aware that if you visit these websites, the privacy
statement of these third parties, and not those of Hybrid Turkeys, applies to
the activities carried out on you by these websites and the information that
you make public there.
Security
Hybrid Turkeys is doing its best effort to secure your personal data. The
website uses HTTPS, which means all data communication thru the website is
encrypted. For more information on communicating with Hendrix Genetics and the
use of the website we refer to our Terms of Use.
The rights by the data subject
Right of access
As a data subject you have the right to obtain from Hybrid Turkeys which
data we process about you. If you want to do so send an e-mail to
infosec@hendrix-genetics.com.
Right to rectification
If you want to have a rectification of inaccurate personal data send an e-mail
to infosec@hendrixgenetics.com.
Right to erasure (“to be forgotten”)
If you want to obtain the erasure of all personal data send an e-mail to
infosec@hendrixgenetics.com.
Right to restriction of processing
If you want to obtain the restriction of processing your data send an e-mail to
infosec@hendrixgenetics.com.
Right to data portability
If you want to receive your personal data send an e-mail to
infosec@hendrix-genetics.com.
Data storage
The data storage periods we use are compliant to the Dutch law &
regulations.
Changes
Hendrix Genetics reserves the right to modify this Privacy statement. These
changes will be communicated on this website. If you continue to use the
website after the customization, the Privacy statement will apply to this use.
Questions and updates
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding the privacy or if you wish
to modify the personal data provided to us, you can contact us by sending an
e-mail to infosec@hendrix-genetics.com. This version is prepared in April 2018.
Cookie Statement
Introduction
Hybrid
Turkeys uses cookies and web statistics. We use these cookies to see how
visitors uses our website. This information helps us to improve the website. Hybrid
Turkeys will never share data obtained from cookies with third parties.
A cookie is a file that is stored on your computer. During a follow-up visit to
our website, these cookies can be recognized. Cookies don’t store any
information that is identifiable to a person.
What cookies are used and why?
Cookies can be placed by Hendrix Genetics itself or by other parties with whom
Hendrix Genetics cooperates. Below you will find an overview of the types of
cookies that are placed on the website of Hendrix Genetics. If you do not want
to use cookies, you can disable it through your browser.
Who is responsible for processing of our personal data?
Hendrix Genetics, Head Office is located at Spoorstraat 69, 5831 CK Boxmeer, is
the controller for processing the data as mentioned in this cookie statement.
The next
websites and applications belong to Hendrix-Genetics: https://resources.hybridturkeys.comhttps://www.hybridturkeys.com
Functional cookies
Functional cookies record information about choices that you have made, and
they also allow us to tailor the website to suit your needs. For example, we
use cookies to save your category/segment preference. For the placing of
functional cookies there is no permission requested.
Analytical cookies
Google Tag Manager Hendrix Genetics uses cookies for Web statistics. We use
these to gather information on how (often and long) visitors use our website.
This allows us to tailor the website to visitors. The data is anonymized
collected and is not used for any purpose other than to improve the performance
of the website. The data collected will not be made available to third parties.
Only Hendrix Genetics has access to the collected data in Google Tag Manager.
Google Tag
Manager is a solution that allows marketeers to manage website tags from a
single interface. The tag management tool itself (which implements the tags) is
a cookie less domain that does not collect personally identifiable information.
The storage
period of the data collected with Google Tag Manager is six months. For the
placement of analytical cookies, permission must be requested.
Advertising or targeting cookies
Hendrix Genetics uses the cookie Adroll
roundtrip. This is a cookie placed by Hendrix Genetics. This cookie is used
to measure whether an advertising campaign is relevant to you or a specific
target group. These kind of cookies can also increase the relevance of the
offer on its own website or on third party websites by aligning it with your
surfing habits and interests. These cookies can also be used to limit the
number of times an advertisement is shown.
The storage period of the data collected with Adroll roundtrip is six months.
Google Analytics
Hendrix Genetics uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service offered by
Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help Hendrix
Genetics to analyze how you use the website. Hendrix Genetics has tunes Google
Analytics according to the privacy-friendly guidelines of the Dutch Data
Protection Authority. The information generated by the cookie (your IP address
will be anonymized) is transferred to and stored on servers of Google in the
United States. Only Hendrix Genetics can keep track of how you use the website,
to compile reports on the website activities and other services related to
website activity and Internet use. Hendrix Genetics has a processing agreement
with Google. Google will not combine your (anonymized) IP address with any
other information that Google has. Google and all its subsidiaries, including
Google Analytics, adhere to the Privacy Shield-Principe and are connected to
the Privacy Shield-Program of the US Department of Commerce.
The storage
period of the data collected with advertising- or targeting cookies is six
months For the placement of advertising- or targeting cookies, permission must
be requested.