https://www.capitalone.com/privacy
Our Privacy Protections
Learn more about how Capital One protects your privacy and uses your data.
We're in the business of keeping your money and information safe.
As a business that relies on trust, protecting your information is just as important to us as protecting your finances. You can explore our privacy and protection policies, opt-out of email advertisements from us, and submit a data request.
Capital One Online Privacy Policy
The Capital One Online Privacy Policy includes information for everyone about our online information practices.Learn more about:
Information we collect
How we collect information
How we use information
How we share information
Analytics and targeted advertising
Your privacy rights and choices
Information security
Children's online privacy
Read Our Privacy Policy
U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice
The U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice applies to customers, applicants, and former customers of the Capital One family of companies listed in the notice. It details our privacy and security practices regarding our relationship with you and provides instructions on how to limit the sharing of your information. This notice does not apply to business or commercial customers.
Social Security Number Protections
In the limited cases where Social Security number is necessary, we have measures in place to protect you.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
Learn more about your privacy rights and how you can opt out of email marketing or targeted advertising.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
Manage Your Data
You’re able to request a copy of your data, and delete some of the data we’ve collected.
Manage Your Data
Capital One California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Disclosure
The Capital One California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure provides an overview of how consumers in California receive certain privacy rights and protections.
Para información en español
Aviso de Privacidad y Opción de Exclusión
Declaración de Prácticas de Privacidad Capital One relativas a la Internet
Medidas de Protección para los Números de Seguro Social
Información Importante de Capital One sobre la Ley de Privacidad del Consumidor de California