http://www.the1st.com/privacy-policy
Skip Navigation
Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view,download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.
Privacy Policy
Who is providing this notice?
First National Bank, a federally chartered, commercial bank located in the State of Maine. This notice is also applicable to clients of First National Wealth Management, the bank's Trust and Investment Management division.
How does First National Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does First National Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Make deposits or withdrawals from your account
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus or other related companies.
How is my personal information shared?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit sharing of your personal information only for the following:
For affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
For affiliates using your information to market to you
For non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
What personal information does First National Bank share?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and transaction history
Assets and credit history
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
Why do you share my information?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their daily business. In the table below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons First National Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does First National Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposesSuch as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations or report to credit bureaus
YES
NO
For our marketing purposesTo offer our products and services to you
YES
NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies
YES
NO
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposesInformation about your transactions and experiencesInformation about your creditworthiness
N/A
N/A
For non-affiliates to market to you
NO
N/A
Questions?
Call 800.564.3195.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.First National Bank does not have any affiliates.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.First National Bank does not share with any non-affiliated companies.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.Our joint marketing partners include Allied Solutions representing New England Insurance Trust & Minnesota Life, and U.S. Bank National Association, d/b/a Elan Financial Services.
Other important information
We will not disclose personal information about California or Vermont residents to third parties unless otherwise permitted by law. For Vermont residents, any personal information disclosed pursuant to a joint marketing agreement with a non-affiliated third party will be limited to information that identifies you (such as name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) and information concerning our experiences with you and your accounts.
Welcome Back.
Access your banking accounts here!
×
Login
Not sure where to start? View Demo
Manage Your Credit Card Online
Online Banking Applications
Personal Enrollment | Business Application