https://www.grssigns.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
Privacy Policy
GRS Signs is committed to protecting your privacy.
Controllers of personal information
Any personal information provided, or to be gathered, by GRS Signs is controlled by:
GRS Group Ltd
Unit 5 Castle Way
Fairfield Industrial Estate
Louth
Lincolnshire
LN11 0YZ
sales@grssigns.co.uk
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
Information submitted to and gathered from www.grssigns.co.uk is only used by GRS Signs.
Will GRS Signs disclose the information it collects?
GRS Signs does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include sending postal mail and e-mails, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data, providing marketing assistance and providing customer services. Such companies and individuals will have access to personal information needed to perform these functions, but may not use it for any other purposes and are required to process the data in accordance with the UK’s data protection legislation.
Liability
The website is provided ‘as is’. Whilst GRS Signs has taken every care in the preparation of the content of the website we cannot guarantee that it is accurate. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any:
Loss of business
Loss of revenue
Loss of profits
Loss of anticipated savings
Wasted expenditure
Loss of privacy
Loss of data
Loss or damage
..which does not result directly from the actions of GRS Signs, its partners, employees, subcontractors or agents; and which arise out of or are related to your use of this website.
GRS Signs shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage, which may arise from the use or misuse of any of the information contained in any of the materials on this website.
Links to third party websites
This Privacy Policy applies solely to www.grssigns.co.uk and not to any third party websites you may access from this website which are controlled and maintained by others. Any link to other websites is not an endorsement of such websites and you acknowledge and agree that GRS Signs is not responsible for the content or availability of any such sites.
Your consent
By using our website you consent to the collection and use of this information by GRS Signs. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Governing law
These website Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts notwithstanding the jurisdiction where you are based.
Any changes to this policy will be posted on this page. Last updated 10th April 2018
Like what you see? We have a great team at GRS and are very passionate about producing high quality products, on time and on budget. On request, we can provide a full site survey, detailed design visuals, costings and a schedule of works from manufacture through to installation, keeping you informed of progress every step of the way.
Whatever you require, we're here to help.
Contact Us