http://www.xoriant.com/cookie-policy
For the best experience, try the new Microsoft Edge browser recommended by Microsoft (version 87 or above) or switch to another browser – Google Chrome / Firefox / Safari
OK
Home
Cookie Policy
About Policy
The Cookie Policy (“Policy”) is applicable to Xoriant Corporation (“Xoriant”) online and mobile websites,
applications, and digital services and clarifies data collection, usage and sharing practices among Xoriant, its
affiliates and unaffiliated third parties. You consent to the data collection, use, disclosure and storage practices
described in this privacy policy when you browse our website (‘Site”) or use any of our website-based services,
including when you access any content or videos on our websites (“Services”).
Information Collected by us
We receive information that is both directly provided to us by you, such as personal information requested when
you access the Services and information that is passively or automatically collected from you, such as anonymous
information collected from your browser or device. In this Policy, we refer to all of this as the "Information".
Information Provided by user
You may be asked to provide your Information in order to access some of our Services.
This includes registering
for webinars, blog subscriptions and events, submitting an inquiry form, submitting your resume, subscribing to
or accessing our online newsletters, blogs, whitepapers, brochures, webinars, podcasts, case studies or
participating in one of our online forums. We may ask you for the following types of Information: name, address,
e-mail address, telephone number, job title, organization name and country.
Passively collected Information
A representative, non-exhaustive list of the types of automatically collected Information may include: referring
sites, network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox,
Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the name of
your Internet service provider and domains used by such providers, mobile network, device identifiers (such as an
Apple IDFA or an Android Advertising ID), device settings, browser settings, the webpages of the Services you
have visited, webpages visited before and after you visit our Site, time spent on the Site, the type of handheld or
mobile device used to view the Services (e.g., iOS, Android), language & location information, Interests,
demographic information including age and gender, content and advertisements you have accessed, seen,
forwarded and/or clicked on.
Use of cookies and other technologies
Cookies are small, usually encrypted text files, which are used to perform various functions such as storing your
preferences, allowing you to easily navigate between web pages, and improving overall user experience. These
are located in browser directories and are useful since they have the ability to recognize a user’s PC or mobile
device, and customize the user experience by transmitting small amounts of information back to the site. Cookies
also help 3rd party agencies to collect information about user profiles, their interactions, actions, and behavior,
which help site owners to improve components and functionalities available on the website. We do not collect
personally identifiable information via cookies. The functionalities of some of our cookies that are processed via
3rd parties like Google Analytics, Visitor Track, Tawk.to, Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, SEMRush, Sharethis and
Pardot are limited to providing us with web analytics and more detailed site activity information and intelligence
about our website. Information collected via cookies on our website is anonymous and helps us improve our
customer service.
Deleting and blocking cookies
By using our website, you agree to provide us your explicit consent to the placement of cookies on your device, as
explained above. In case you wish to remove these cookies from your device, you can delete these via your
browser settings. You can also adjust your browser settings to block these cookies. However, please be informed
that deleting or blocking cookies will adversely affect your user experience as certain parts of the website may
stop functioning. User discretion is advised while deleting or blocking cookies.
If you do not want to receive cookies from our website, you can disable them. In order to do so, please follow the
relevant instruction depending on the type of your browser:
If you use
Internet Explorer
browser.
If you use
Chrome browser.
If you use
Firefox browser.
If you use
Safari browser.
Use of Information
Xoriant collects this information to make better business decisions towards our mutual advantage, support the
activities you choose to engage in, and provide higher quality solutions and services to you and your customers.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information, for commercial purposes, to any person or organization.
1. To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and
feedback we receive from you),
2. To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service
requests and support needs),
3. Identify trends and statistics, which help us improve the services we offer to our customers,
4. To share occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
5. Fulfill your requests regarding the Services, including without limitation requests for newsletters and
notifications,
6. Respond to your inquiries,
7. Communicate with you about other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you,
8. Provide technical support for the Services,
9. Protect the safety of our Users,
10. Perform analysis regarding how you use the Services or any part thereof,
11. Invitations or emails if you use these services, to your designated recipients,
12. Recruitment related purposes which may include contacting you via email, phone or post.
Information security
Xoriant classifies your Information as Confidential Information. Confidential Information is protected by storing it
on secure servers that only authorized Xoriant personnel have access to. The information is encrypted to prevent
unauthorized parties from accessing this information.
Our website contains links to websites of third parties. Xoriant has no control over, and is not responsible for, the
content, privacy policies or reliability of such sites.
Changes to the policy
Xoriant reserves the right to modify or amend this Policy at its own discretion. This policy is effective from 25th
May 2018. In order to check updates to this policy, please consult this page on a regular basis.
Additional Information
If you would like to know more about Xoriant’s Privacy program, please Email us at
sirt@xoriant.com.
cookie-policy